tonga beats us in football world cup...
Pacman Jones agent to become commish of UFL
Win An Autographed Matt Hughes(UFC Champion) T-Shirt
Manny Pacquiao's First Fight on Foreign Soil
Watch Football In Peace When Your Wife is ……
Ferguson and Wenger on Murinho departure
Baildon Jitsu Auctions Bradford Bulls Rugby Ball
India beats Australia in Twenty20 Semi Final
Winless Syracuse stuns Louisville
The sorting and listing Continues
Football Team Finder - Find a Player or Find a Team
DIY Sports highlight reels
Awesome drift video - v8 drifting with RED tyres and doing 360s
Nike Immortalizes Manny Pacquaio's Crest!
Poker Glossat
UPDATE: Hope Solo voted out of final World Cup game by her team !!!!!
Doctor Wenger's diagnosis
Spyker, long-time F1 basement-dwellers, score first ever point in rainy Japanese Grand Prix
Donovan McNabb has perfect game for a black quarterback
Over-Optimistic NFL Doctor Says Injured Bills Player Kevin Everett Will Fly Out Of Hospital
Tischtennis pur - das Tischtennis Portal
Puerto Rico, Argentina... Michigan?
International League of Team Golf
cal no. 3-nytimes
mySplat.com - new social networking site for paintball players
Top Gear + Fifth Gear = Final Gear
Martial Arts Pictures
WWE RAW Melbourne Show 2007
Derek Jeter’s Leadership Meltdown
Greece's Thanou will now the 2000 Olympics 100m champion, though she may be just as guilty of doping
Marion Jones was fast
Mexican presidential candidate wins Berlin Marathon the same way his party wins elections
A footballers epiphany
Holyfield hoping to become 5-time champion at 44 and answer those who say it's over
Sutton vs Belak Oct 11 2007
Is Benitez harming Liverpool's chances of the title?
India vs Australia 6th ODI Nagput Live Streaming LINKS
BBC SPORT | Rugby Union | English | England 14-9 France
A skater we can all enjoy
World's First Muslim Skydiving Centre Opens in Tehran
Ferdinand chases Euro dream
LA. Mayor booked in fatal motorcycle accident
How to develop a weight lifting program
Master O'Reilly hit with penalty
Gabbidon responds to critics over Cyprus performance
Scooter jumping over wire frame
India Vs Australia - 7th ODI Live Telecast - 6th ODI Video Highlight, Latest India Australia cricket news. score, video
the most time efficiant workout you will ever find!
Fitness Goals and Motivation
Beijing 2008 Summer Olympics
What Can Your Identity Be used?
Giggs signs new United deal
F1's new star - and it's not the champ
Colorado Rockies Halt World Series Ticket Sales
You Suck Forsberg! (NHL Commercial)
The 21 Least-Used Sports Commentator Cliches
Celtics Resurgence Rouse To Forget NBA's Horrific Offseason
Bruins' Bergeron leaves game on stretcher
Football Italiano Serie A on five.tv and footballitaliano.tv blog
Tony Romo Cowboy for 6 more years
New # 1 LSU has sights set on BCS championship game
Schools decide not to burn mascots at rallies because of beach fire
A-Rod - Without Boras - To Re-Sign With Yankees
Out of his league: [Charlie] Weis' struggles prove problem with NFL-bred coaches
Women's Football in England = Slave Labor
NFL Network…coming to a TV near you?
Ben Wallace asks, Why am I here?
Осенний Марафон 2007 
Hybrid Cars-cars of the future-an article:
Car designer-47- with lots of little cars:
Bangladesh cyclone death toll may rise 10,000,confirmed-3569:
Shah Rukh Khan Threaten By Shiv Sena And Hindutava:
T-Oh My!!!
America's Addiction to Sports
Could steroids have made Barry Bonds' head grow in size?
All-Time Presidential Last Name 25 Man Baseball Roster
Suker backs England to go through
Beijing 2008 May Produce Olympic Gold For China 
Harrington Gets to Start Again = Yippy!
Colorful hockey helmets (pics)
Watch ! Live 1st Test Score India Vs Pakistan - 1st Test Video Highlight
Talkin' Trash: Big 12 Edition
Gauley River: Best Whitewater Rafting in the World
England will not stand it!!
10 Ways to Fix the 2-8 Knicks
Tony Romo's Thanksgiving List
Is Scott Boras losing his touch?
Trick Shot Pool - BRILLIANT
Rugby is played by men with odd shaped balls
Top 10 Extreme Deadly Sports
Watch ! 1st Test DAY 2ND Live Score India Vs Pakistan - 1st day Video Highlight
INDIA VS PAKISTAN FIRST TEST DAY 2 LIVE STREAMING
Cricket: England draw Sri Lanka tour opener
Despite SRK, Deepika makes impact in ''Om Shanti Om''
Bombay Times' 13th Anniversary Party,Bolly Wood Star`s Appearence(Photos)
Allergy keeps Arshad Warsi away from ''Goal'' promos
Trinidadians throng cinemas to see ''Om Shanti Om''
Salman Khan has never interfered Raj Kumar Santoshi
When John Abraham broke into a song for Bipasha
Nice advertisement from the German Olympic Comittee
Kareena Kapoor starts to bond with Saif Ali Khan's children
South Africa v New Zealand Twenty20 Match Live Score @ Scorecard &amp; Match Video Highlight Here..
Help Save British Football! Sign The Petition!
newzealand 129/7 in 20 overs.watch live streaming links live scores
Pacman Art Gallery!
Are the Buffalo Bills moving to Toronto?
IND VS PAKISTAN SECOND TEST 3RD DAY LIVE STREAMING LINKS LIVE SCORECARD
Game Day: My Old School(s)
Region Golf
india vs pakistan day 4 live streaming links
What does 'Stochastic Dynamic Programing ' say about going on Fourth Down
Watch INDIA vs PAKISTAN 1st TEST DAY 4 LIVE FOR FREE
Soccertalents.tv Dylan Rodrigues 8 years Portugal with 8 years experience.
Chrysler Crossfire... whatever you want
England to face Croatia rematch
Sean Taylor shot in Florida | The Paparazzis
Retired F1 driver Michael Schumacher can still out-drive the competition... in karts!
Steroids vs. everything else.
Jay Mariotti Admires Devin Hester's Wardrobe
Taylor warms up for world title with Grand Slam blitz
Turley to donate pay to NFL retirees
Golfer's Footprint Golf Swing Trainer
Spalletti amante della passera ucraina
A 1934 Yankees-Tigers radio broadcast still exists
Harry Redknapp, Others Arrested in Corruption Investigation
Where everything went wrong for top downhill skier Aksel Lund Svindal [video][ouch]
Rays, Twins finish 6-player deal [MLB]
The Decline of Shaun Alexander
It got so bad that in the second half, you could hear Celtics fans chanting Fire Isiah!
Mets trade Lastings Milledge
How to get into motor sports on a low budget
When Skydiving's Just not Enough...
In life, and in death, Sean Taylor was a natural mystery
when you gotta go...K-State player pees into towels on sideline
Mets trade Lastings Milledge to Nats
Yanks decide to offer Philip Hughes in deal for Johan Santanna
College Football Coaching Rumor Mill 
Americans Take 2-0 Lead Over Russia at Davis Cup Tennis Final 
SI.com - NCAA Football - LSU regent says Pelini is headed to Nebraska - Saturday December 1, 2007 7:16PM
 Michael Jordan Top 10 Moves [video]
Shoaib Akhtar is offered for Bollywood movie
LA Auto Show: Eye Candy
Adam Gilchrist `s snatched ball back:
Korea: Champions Pohang Sign Denilson
Malcolm Tells Marcus: Door Is Always Open
England v/s Sri Lanka -Muralitharan Bowls Sri Lanka To Victory:
Iran Nuclear Crisis- U.S.report a victory for Iran:
How do the weather and moon affect fishing
Manchester United Players To Blow Over £100,000 On Girls, Gambling and Booze For Christmas
Todd Bertuzzi's attack was ordered by his coach?!
Sean Taylor Leads NFC Pro Bowl Voting at Free Safety
How to avoid danger on fishing
Great Article on the Downfall of Michael Vick and Ghetto Loyalty by Pro Athletes
Would you pay this guy $18 million a year?
Man Utd v Derby preview
Funny video of a baseball manager ejected
Wow...  A 2007 Version of Tecmo Super Bowl
Bonds Pleads Not Guilty - Surprise Surprise!
Chuck Iceman Lidden Highlight Videos
Finger will make LeBron miss fifth straight
Five reasons the Patriots will lose to the Steelers
Lute Olson getting divorced
Can Pretty Boy Floyd Mayweather Be Beat?
The mascots of the 2007 bowls - complete analysis
Suzuki GSX - R750  - $10,199.00
Louisville coach  Rick Pitino gets first shot to notch 500th victory Saturday vs. Dayton
Hapoel tel aviv anderlecht
INDIAVSPAKISTAN 3RD TEST DAY 2 LIVE STREAMING LINKS AND LIVE CRICKET ANIMATION.
Alan Webb
Olympic tickets on sale illegally
How Evil Knievel Got His Name: One Short Paragraph
Extreme Sports Elite - Best News, Stories, Videos
 Do you feel the Michael Vick sentence was too light or too harsh?
MLBer Mark Littel is Pitching a New Protective Cup. He Demos it vs. an Automatic Pitching Machine. Ouch. [Vid]
Rankmark awards Golfer’s Footprint “Best of the Best” Award
MLB Doctor: Steroids Are Good For You!
Yankees Target of Steroid WitchHunt
The Mitchell Report: Absolving the Owners
Roger Clemens taking steroids?
Blues Trade Weight to Ducks for Macdonald
England challenge excites Capello
Press Conference of President Bush Responds to Mitchell Report 
Saturday Report: Dec 15, 2007
NHL Players put global warming on ice
Former Vick estate fails to sell at auction
Deepika Shines at yuvraj's Birthday Party
Peyton Manning Loves Kids - Or Does He??
[NBA] Marbury could return against Pacers
Early report card on projected Elite 8 teams
UPDATED: Long arm of the law nabs Kansas’ Rush
F1 drivers continue to shuffle: Heikki Kovalainen goes to McLaren
[NBA] Smush Parker is done in Miami
Sreesanth on road to recovery
20 FSU Players Suspended For Cheating - BREAKING
Best of Monday Night Football
Sean Taylor makes Pro Bowl after being killed in house invasion 
A-Rod hits Scott Boras where it hurts…the pockets
Will Bill Belichick be the next Food Network star? [VIDEO]
Sports: Scandal keeps FSU players out of bowl game for academic cheating
Games to watch this week - 12/19
Jonny Evans questioned over Man United rape claim - Times Online
Vikings Send Lucky Seven To Pro Bowl - Shocked who was left off the list
Changing African-American attitudes about the Boston Celtics
Who lives the best life in sports? It's not Tiger, LeBron or Brady.  It's the pro surfers who spend their days working on Hawaii's North Shore
How Good are the Packers
Yahoo Sports! Andy Behrens: article machine
Moving memories of tsunami in Galle
Manchester to host Paralympians
Sourav Ganguly Q&amp;A
MLS should make a bid to save this guy's life.
9 Best fish calendar 2008 
Funnimetric - Post details: Roshambo world rocked by Devil's Hammer
Bill Parcells Named Dolphins VP of Football Operations - BREAKING
Bill Parcells on Why he Picked Miami
12/20 Duke vs. Pittsburgh - as it happens
Suicide sheds light on steroids culture
Champions League Draw - Gunners face Milan test
Common Students That Martial Arts Instructors See
12/21 - And this is why you play the game (chapter 11)
International Hockey Hall of Fame Finally Opens Doors to Women
College Football bowl season's most intriguing matchups
Comedy Football Compilation with Music of River Kwai march.
NCAA to press: Stop live-blogging our games
Bridgestone Becomes Official Formula One Tire Supplier
Just when you thought soccer refs had no weapon more powerful than a red card...
Patriots-Giants game to be simulcast on NBC and CBS
Jason Williams said: “We’re like some high-paid prostitutes anyway in this league”
Peter Crouch is an awkward man
Cullen Knocked Out in Loss to Rangers - Video
The University of San Francisco athletic director has lost her mind
Reebok Hockey– Brand Backing your Sport
First day on the job for the 'Special One'
Celtics victory over Sonics matches team's win total for all of last season
Take the Walk the Weight Off Challenge
Inter pecora nera del calcio
Ajax vs FC Twente
Celtic vs Dundee United
D.Wade scores 48 points, Miami Heat still loses in OT against Orlando Magic
Inter pecora nera del calcio
Quote of the day - 12/29
McShay Previews the Valero Alamo Bowl 
West Indies complete maiden win - Cricket
Preview of the Independence Bowl 
Pitt’s roster has turned into a M*A*S*H* unit
Sports Nation
The most challenging race on the planet? Dakar Rally is a good bet
The Frontstretch: Driver Review : Ryan Newman by Tommy Thompson -- Friday December 28, 2007
Who needs Schumi?
After Ravens pull 180, so does owner, firing Billick
Why did it take so long to cancel Celtic versus Rangers?
Exclusive: £10m Nicolas Anelka to Chelsea | Premier League - Times Online
Strength Training At Home
Game Day: Like Kissing Your Sister
The NHL shoots, scores with Winter Classic
The amateur coalminers' team that won soccer's first world cup
Funny Chris Bosh Youtube All Star Game Ad
One Team Gets 26,000 Owners - All With a Vote on Who Plays
George Orwell: The Sporting Spirit
When did slap-dick become OK? That's why Bill Walsh is in the Hall of Fame and I'm a slap-dick.
Top 50 transfer targets | Football - Times Online
Midweek Exam with Todd McShay 
1/2 - Kent State versus North Carolina - as it happens
INDIA VS AUSTRALIA DAY2 SECOND TEST MEDIA PLAYER LINKS
Arts summer camp
10 Core Tips for Coaching Youth Flag Football
West Virginia vs Oklahoma Blowout Game Highlights
West Virginia Drops Interim from Stewart's Title After Fiesta Bowl Win
2007 Bowl Season Animated Charts
Junius Coston Injury, placed on IR
They Don't Call 'em Speedlights for Nothing (pic)
Nick Watney Leads with Opening 68
England drop Prior for NZ series
Next outdoor NHL game might be at Fenway Park
Fighter Walk In Intro For Yarennoka
Vote Sidepodcast!
Green Bay vs Seattle January 12
Shipping lane...
TennisGrandStand - Exclusive Book Excerpt From The Roger Federer Book - A Quest For Perfection
Daniel Chopra Beats Steve Stricker in a Playoff
Steve Stricker Positive Despite Playoff Loss
Bracketology 101 - Early Look at NCAA Basketball Tournament
» Clemens Strikes first- Sues McNamee 
BCS changes to Final Four seeded format?
Sea kayak surf launch | Sea Kayak Videos
American Gladiators Myspace Layout | The Paparazzis
Sand drifting
NHL Top Plays Video Highlights: Dec. 31st to Jan. 6th
TennisGrandStand - Sania Mirza Doctor Threatened For Treating Her
EliteXC Signs Eddie Alvarez To Long-Term Contract! 
Video Highlights of the College Football Bowl Games
Eastern Conference Division Reports - 1.08.08
Jaguars' Taylor gets first Pro Bowl trip, replaces Parker for AFC - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Premier League Managers Mid-Term Report Card - Part I
Top 5 'Tough Guys' of the NHL according to Bill Clement of NBC
Randy Smith Wants to Answer Your Golf Questions!
It would be great if Tiger Woods told Al Sharpton to STFU
TennisGrandStand - Grow your game
All Things Table Tennis
German Cyclist Matthias Kessler Gets 2 Year Suspension For Doping
Luke Freeman and Dentinho on their way to Arsenal
Quote of the day - 1/12
Video Pre-Game Report: Seattle vs. Green Bay 
Georgetown Hoyas Defeats UConn Huskies - Men's Basketball Highlights
All goals as Man United trash Newcastle 6-0
TennisGrandStand - Men's Australian Open Preview
Video of T.O. Crying | The Paparazzis
College basketball Injury update - January 15
TennisGrandStand - An Uncorrupted Tour Serves Better 
Cricket Great Shane Warne Will Begin A New Career As A Poker Pro
INDIA VS AUSTRALIA THIRD TEST DAY 2 LIVE SOPCAST LINKS
Nfl Playoffs 2008 Week 3
5 things you didn't know about the NFL
El universo en Braille
English Premier League and UEFA Champions League Highlights
Players Having Agent Problems
KIMBO SLICE AND TANK ABBOTT SPEAK!
Video Interview with Roy Jones Jr. Looking for a Big Win on Saturday 
The truth the soccerphobes refuse to face
NFL team theme songs
SI.com - NCAA Football - Herschel Walker to reveal multiple personalities - Friday January 18, 2008 1:40PM
Gerald Wallace and Baron Davis Named NBA Players of the Week
How To Use Your Knees (Footwork)
IPL teams, winners, bid amounts and details
A few thoughts leading into the great Tiger/Phil showdown...
Brady didn't show up for practice today - or is he just hiding from the media?
Kobe Bryant, Allen Iverson Starters on NBA All-Star Team
India cash in for Twenty20 league - £370m
Singapore and Indonesia Conduct 20th Exercise Eagle · Fitness
tv: Australian Open Semi Finals Live sopcast links
Premiership, quotes of the week
An Eye On Tiger - A Look At What Makes Him Tick
Colby West Takes Home Superpipe Bronze - X-Games Video Highlights
Video Tip: How to Hit the Long Irons
tv: India vs Australia Day 3 Fouth Test Live Streaming
Maria Sharapova vince la finale delle belle e diventa Miss Australia
Flyfish video compilations | Flyfish Videos
tv: Australian Finals Live Streaming sopcast links
Jaguar XK 120 C
Eli Manning’s Message to New York Giants Fans
the downfall of the cowboys...
A Brief History of the Barrett 50 Caliber Rifle
Jefferson and Turkoglu Named NBA Players of the Week
The Jack Johnson Sing-a-long for Fantasy Football Tragedy
2008 Fed Cup 1st round results
A Sauna Suit Will Allow you to Take your Sauna With you Wherever you Go
A Steam Bath Will Help your Body to Flush Out Environmental Toxins
Sullivan's Latest Rangers Mailbag; Nolan Ryan For President?
Journalist Believes Pats fans are Smarter than Giants Fans because they have Internet Access
PECOTA projection of Johan Santana as a Met
Mixed Reactions from Players Over Drug Testing
» Yankees Sign Teenager Yankees Blog
Winds of change, chaos, blow through nation's capital
The Stars Show Up for the Australian Tennis Open in 2008
Myths of NFL Cheerleaders Unravelled
Stoudamire Deciding to Join New Team
Video: BMW M3 vs Mercedes C63 AMG
Bruins dominate Sun Devils
» Yanks Sign 1B Ensberg Yankees Blog
The Career of Dock Ellis, Or: How to Pitch a No-Hitter in MLB while on Acid
Chris Berman Goes Crazy | The Paparazzis
Participating in Sports Trivia
Super Freaky Bowl
Tank Abbott Vs Don Frye Fight Video UFC
New York City's Giants Victory Parade
Bobby Knight Flashback
» Bruney Signs 1 Year Deal Yankees Blog
Feb. 12, 1878: A Face-Saving Invention From Harvard
NBA mulling idea of five-team expansion in Europe
'Devastated' Clemens denies doping under oath...
World's wealthiest clubs (Chelsea are 4th, despite regular huge losses)
Blatter is hostile to premier league games overseas
Fabregas offered new contract at Arsenal - £80,000 a week
AFC Wimbledon, the fan run team to become tv series
Posada believes Clemens told Congress the truth - MLB
East wins NBA All-Star Game 2008, LeBron gets MVP
Pettitte Addressed Media, Apologizes for Past Decision 
Web community buys football club.
Champions League draw: Arsenal - Liverpool in quarter final!
Was the Champions League draw fixed? 
Hamilton grabs pole position for Australian Grand Prix
Cowboys WR Terrell Owens placed in 'reasonable cause' testing program
What is Wrong with Phil Mickelson?
In Basketball Coaching, Experts Make The Best Leaders
Austria 0-1 Germany &amp; Poland 0-1 Croatia
The Best-Paid Bench Warmers
Milan can't match City money
Charles Barkley Reverse Promise Not to Gamble
Anarchy in the Astros Clubhouse?
Ford's pick-by-pick analysis (2008 NBA Draft)
Best NBA draft picks in lottery era.
Web still taking backseat to TV at Olympics
Queiroz's Man Utd future in doubt. Will he become Portugal's new manager?
TdF stage 2, Thor Hushovd sprints to victory in Saint Brieuc. Valverde stays in yellow.
Bay Area Folding bike festivel - Bicycle Blog
Is Baseball Biased Toward Lefties?
TdF: Ricco wins on Super Besse. Kirchen takes maillot jaune when Schumacher crashes.
#1 draft pick Derrick Rose has tendinitis in knee, has to sit out of summer league
Class act Bobby Murcer dies
Beijing blogger uses community-news site : CyberJournalist.net
UFC Fighter Champion Rampage Jackson arrested on a ....... Rampage!
Iran's national team to train with NBA and NBADL teams in Utah
A 1958 Sports Illustrated article looking back at the 1933 (and first) All Star Game
Lakers' Jordan Farmar to go on peace mission to Middle East
Knecht: From Bando to Beijing
Shayla Worley Olympic Dreams Shattered
Anthropology Professor Finds Way To Blame Sponsors For Doping In Cycling
Beijing to feel the strain from Olympic visitors
Marathon: Running for Beijing gold (VIDEO)
Calzaghe's Dad pulls him out
A career down the Dwain
LeBron James, Wayne Gretzky, Derek Jeter Among Autographs in Upper Deck's National Giveaway Set 
Another Early Exit For Federer
Favre, By The Numbers
USA vs Lithuania basketball friendly - full game, part 1/12 (not the best quality)
Victim in Rampage's rampage miscarries due to car crash
Andy Murray wins Cincinnati crown
Top 10 British Olympic legends
When bizarro worlds collide: The Packers have hired Ari Fleischer as a consultant. That's right, that Ari Fleischer.
Video of Beijing Olympics opening ceremony rehearsal leaked
Beijing pollution gives Chinese Olympic athletes an advantage
Are Your Olympics Tickets Real? Are You Sure? Internet Scam Bilks Thousands
 Van Nistelrooy quits Dutch set-up
Anti-doping tests don't pass statistical muster
Reigning Olympic discus champion complains of slipping on dog poo during workouts in his home country
Ranking the top markets for MLB expansion
Cyclist's Olympic dream comes to premature end
Ex-Toledo guard charged with fixing games in '04-05 and '05-06 - Men's College Basketball
TOM BRADY: ADMIRED BY COLDPLAY, NOT GOD - With Leather
Can Favre Reverse Madden's Curse?
Cablevision Won't Carry Full Olympic Package
'Top secret' technology to help US swimmers trim times at Beijing Olympics
 Giles blocks trade to Boston
YouTube Videos Of The Opening Ceremonies 
Gumball 3000 | Gumball 3000 is coming to San Francisco
Czech Emmons claims first gold
Live from Beijing: results from the Olympics in English
Cyclist Cancellara wins first Swiss medal
Olympia colors - picture gallery about the opening ceremony
Will Olympic Cyclists Race Against Their Own Countrymen?
Anyone up for paddling 100 miles in the heat of a Texas summer?
George Bush Attends Womens Volleyball
Swifter suits, shoes that lean and gaming the pistol are just the beginning of the tech innovations giving track the runaround this summer
Eight Down, Four to Go for Azinger
Bust up for Tom Daley
Spanish basketball team slants their eyes 
White Kenyan aims to go the distance
Olympic Sponsors, Locals Frustrated by Limited Access 
Fifa orders Adrian Mutu to pay Chelsea £13.68m
The current women's world record holder in the 100m freestyle is nearly as fast as Mark Spitz' world record
Michelle Wie Fends Off More Criticism
Chinese state news agency website posts article listing He Kexin's age as thirteen  before Olympics. Webpage disappears when they are questioned about story. 
Mad Dog Leaves ‘Mike and the Mad Dog’ on WFAN
6 climbers missing on New Zealand's highest mountain in terrible weather
Alonzo Mourning Surprises 102 Year Old Miami Heat Fan 
Scientists pinpoint small rare tumours
Federer and Wawrinka certain of Olympic medal
US Olympic Boxing: Taking a Beating 
Gold-Winning Armstrong Had to Beat Arthritis Before Her Olympic Competitors
Nastia Liukin's gold medal performance at the Olympics (Photos)
Arsenal vs West Brom
Gay Olympics setback. I pushed all the way . . . but my mechanics weren't what I wanted them to be
Beijing: Federer and Wawrinka golden together
Australians vow revenge on Britons
Paul wins another gold for team GB
Brad &amp; Co blow the world away
5 Most Amazing Olympic Feats 
It's like watching the Harlem Globetrotters, if the Globetrotters did more alley-oops and the Generals sucked more.  
Promoting Soccer in the USA
In Pictures: Soccer Team Valuations
Gonzalez gives Chiefs steady diet of lectures - 
Bite fight caps busy Olympic boxing night
Do you know where I can find a video of the 1500m track and field final? NBC didn't show it.
The gold that might not have been for GB
Video: Interview With Olympic Gold Medalist Nastia Liukin
Usain Bolt Gets Gold, Sets World Record in 200m
Joe Paterno Now Creeping Out Recruits Via The Big Ten Network
Man hopes his skill in fighting can serve as a message of peace for his war-torn country.
7 team members of Joe Gibbs Racing have been indefinitely suspended from NASCAR 
United States vs Brazil Live Streaming Soccer
New coach off to a good start
MLB, umpires approve implementation of replay - MLB - SI.com
Olympics probe into China's 'underage' teenage gymnast
 How to Succeed in the NFL Without Really Trying  
Usain Bolt captured a third gold medal and a third world record after Jamaica claimed men's 4x100m relay gold.
A-ROD STAYS A-LIST, HANGS WITH MENUDO - 
Remembering Gene Upshaw
Boxer Degale devours hungry Cuban to taste gold for Britain
Swedish wrestler who tossed in bronze had the same thing happen in 2004 Olympics. Court of Arbitration for Sport says he's right, 
The high price of raising an Olympian. The expenses start early and can total hundreds of thousands of dollars for parents of elite athletes.
Top 10 moments of the Beijing Olympics
Future of Beijing's Olymipc buildings
N.F.L. Questions
Discontinued Olympic sports we would like to see at London 2012
Andy Roddick's got himself a hot woman
Rudi Johnson replaces Tatum Bell on Lions' roster. Bell takes Johnson's luggage on his way out.
George Mitchell is Keeping an Eye on the Potential Cubs Deal
TIGER’S KNEE REHAB SOUNDS LIKE FUN 
What You Didn't See at the Olympics 
Rudi Johnson comments on Tatum Bell stealing his bags, money, credit cards
Lorena Ochoa Speaks Out Against LPGA &amp;quot;English&amp;quot; Rule
 Barry Sanders Makes Long-Awaited Return to Detroit Lions (satire)
Paralympics Update: Elaborate Ceremonies and Angry South African Athletes
Andy Roddick made fun of Djokovic's injuries - Tennis
 The Olympic spirit and other paradoxes of life
No Gimmick: The Phoenix Suns Will Use Solar Power for Energy
LPGA won't suspend players over English-speaking requirement.
High jumper accused of drinking vodka at meet
PSA/DNA - One More Very Unhappy Customer!
The secret benefits of fandom
Andy Murray will Take Roger Federer to the 2008 U.S. Open Final
Lewis Hamilton furious
College fans justify spending on tailgating,  
A New Cubs Owner is Right Around the Corner, Where Does Cuban Stand?
Ark. State rout leaves store offering 73 percent off
Not Much Consistency From Little Stein
Ocho Cinco will not appear on Chad Johnson's Jersey
Lance Armstrong told Vanity Fair that revenge against those who think he used performance-enhancing drugs is part of his motivation
Mets closer Billy Wagner will have season-ending Tommy John surgery and his tear ducts removed
Hopoate breaks bones to beat Mirovic in Australian heavyweight boxing title 
Royal Zara and Horse Survive Tumble at Horse Trials
Clancy and Pendleton to attend London Freewheel
Usually Canadians and Americans Get Along....This Week All Bets Are Off.
Teammates wait until the end of match before telling star player that his roof is on fire
The Mystery of Barry Zito
Brewers Fire Ned Yost
Lions Fans Want Owner Gone And Matt Millen Too 
Concussion: from the latin concutere, meaning to shake violently
Steaua Bucharest V Bayern Munich Live &amp; Highlights
Dynamo Kiev vs Arsenal
Lyon vs Fiorentina
Man Utd vs Villareal Live Streaming
Top Five Standard Boneheaded Plays Borne Of Hotdoggery
Ah, the gentleman's sport of golf, whose fine traditions include charging people $220 to volunteer to pick up trash at the Ryder Cup.
Redskins Drive Flamboyant Automobiles 
Arenas reportedly will miss first month of season
Cal player pukes after hard hit against Maryland. (video)
Dynamo Kiev vs Arsenal Live Streaming
I AM Petit: Why IndyCar Fans Should Watch
Wisconsin LB Casillas cited for mo-ped DUI
Rafting in the remotest parts of Canada
Cuban to Josh Howard: 'Cellphone cameras are not your friend' 
A Look Inside The Branding Of Lebron James
Phoenix Police Officer In Charity Boxing Match Dies of Injuries
New York Yankees to New Yorkers: Don't Steal OUr Stadium!
The Broncos Use Stealth Technology to Land a B-2 Flyover
Stolen Mail: Dear Kyle Busch
Astros Offer Their Stadium to Texans
Keep Kiffin Signiture Page Launched--- Someone has to save the Raider Nation from the madness that is Al Davis
Who is Juan Emanuel Culio who beat my Rome???
New Tachyon Video
Allen McNish In: Audi Extermination II
Umpires’ seminar at NCA
The Remarkable Saga of Dave Hampton
Yankees stave off elimination in Stadium farewell - fixed
U.S. Reclaim the Ryder Cup
Is F1 Promoting Vampirism?
Browns considering switch to Quinn at QB - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Whimsy: Miami Arena goes Ka-Boom
Video-Yankee Stadium Tribute (1923-2008): Greatest Moments In The History Of The House That Ruth Built 
Vegas Watch: Evaluating April MLB Predictions (2008)
Camera-Skate-Wake-Moto=Action
Training the next Nastia Liuken
Real Madrid football star Guti stalked by deaf boxer
Marquis Walker and how YouTube helped make him the best kindergarden basketball player in the world
Shea Stadium Toilets Will Be Reused
Awesome Redskins Fans License Plates
Steven King Does a Sportscenter Commercial
NFL Week 4 predictions 
Phillies Ballpark Bomb Scare...Turns Out to be Hot Dogs.
Lance Armstrong Will Race in Tour of California
Detroit radio station gives Matt Millen football era a proper burial (with pic)
 White Sox Slugger Juan Uribe Will See You And Your Boat In Hell
Photo Gallery: Top 10 players Millen passed up
Worlds Most Incredible Extreme Sports Stunts
LSU Beats Mississippi State, but their pass defense is a joke
Matt Bryant's strength goes beyond the game
Family feud for Guillen, Garcia  
Prolonged Kiffin circus becoming more weird 
Video: Nets Host Tryouts for Senior Dancers
Brandon Marshall Catches Another Charge
Bengals sign ex-Bears RB Cedric Benson...almost a perfect fit.
The Alphabetical: NCAA Football, Week 5
How to fake your way through the 2008 baseball playoffs.
NY: Ice-cold war looms in Bern
Liverpool vs PSV Live Streaming Football | Champions League
CFR Cluj vs Chelsea Live Streaming Football | Champions leag
Shakhtar vs Barcelona Live Streaming
CFR vs Chelsea Live Streaming
Al Davis is kinda nutty and funny at the same time.
Helmet Camera on BMX
NY Rangers win the Victoria Cup! (Sure it's just preseason, but still a pretty exciting game)
Herpes strain hitting sumo wrestlers
Financial Bracketology
Belichick denies tampering accusation by AL Davis over Randy Moss
Bumpshack College Football Top 5 (Week 4)
Beckham children's book in the works
A team of cricket selections that didn't work...
Future of EliteXC in Kimbo's fists - MMA 
Skype slams Chinese partner over monitoring
The Big Mo' - Does Psychological Momentum Really Exist In Sports
Grassroot Soccer United
ESPN - LSU lineman targets Gators QB Tebow for take-out duty.
Bengals LB Blackstock suspended 4 games.  One of his nutritional supplements (needle drugs) contained an ingredient banned by the league.
Willie Williams' career following unexpected path, former top 10 recruit in 5th college trying to get to NFL.
Senior citizens who held their own (cricket)
Recordwoman de Vitesse
Tuberville A Master At Coach Speak 
Red Sox mix up the starting rotation for the ALCS!
Kellen Winslow Report. More fantasy football injury information than I really wanted to know
Mangini names his son after Favre, as both also have the same birthday
 Kazakhstan blinded by World Cup fantasy
The Spanish soccer players will each receive their weight in beer from sponsor Cruzcampo after winning Euro 2008 at Austria and Switzerland in June.
Klitschko stops Peter for WBC title
Blue Jackets' Peca suspended for contact with official
League to lay off about 80/9% of its workforce  amid economic slowdown, Stern says - NBA
FIFA: An era of corruption nears its end
Swiss keeps North Koreans on the ball
Creating and Editing your action videos!
Down goes the Lobster: Washington State down to fifth-string QB
2008 Heisman Trophy Candidate Watch (Week 8) by YourFindit
Running Florida | Florida Running | Space Coast Runners Club
BENGALS FANS ARE CASHING OUT 
Worst...overtime...ever
Magic Johnson Book Signing Events
Swiss footballers slip 2-1 past Greece
Injury ends Lambiel's skating career
You either love sports or you don't.
The One Buckeye Who Hates Pryor
Belletti Scores a thunderbolt goal aganist Middlesbrough for Chelsea
Rooney's goal aganist West Brom
Newcastle vs Man City Highlights
Adios, Nolan
Kansas City Chiefs running back Larry Johnson is being investigated for spitting a drink in a woman's face at a nightclub during the Chiefs' bye week.
Marcus Vick pleads guilty to drunken driving, other charges 
Cardinals' Boldin reveals damage from hit, hopes to play Sunday - NFL
ESPN - Spurrier, SEC clear official in collision with South Carolina QB Garcia.  Even the SEC refs are pretty tough to beat.
Porto Vs Dynamo Kyiv Live &amp; Highlights
NFL's all-time leader in personal foul penalties, Rodney Harrison- his career looks like it ended tonight.
ProElite/EliteXC Out of Business
Fear the future - Test cricket vs Twenty20
Juventus vs Real Madrid Live Streaming
High School Phenom Jeremy Tyler Commits to Louisville Card
Favre's reported leaks to Lions not against rules 
NBA Predictions With One Week Away From Tip Off
Ronney scores a great goal aganist Celtic
Boston cops cut down on tailgating at The Game between Harvard &amp; Yale
The Ravens' Chris McAlister seems like a bit of a malcontent
The Mayors Have Placed Their World Series Bets
Off-the-Backboard-Alley-Oop
Romo says he won't return before mid-November 
Favre denies giving Lions any info to use vs. Pack -
DanOrlovsky.com, for sale fo $80K on EBAY!!
Messi scores a great goal aganist FC Basel
Curt Schilling Flame-Blogs Manny Ramirez
Simulations heavily favor Rays to win Series
Viking Fan 100% CHEESE FREE: IRONICALLY QUITE CHEESY 
Red Sox fan tries to streak, fails
Elite XC Insider Details Company's Downfall
Camping World to be new Truck Series sponsor
Lute Olson out at Arizona
Tucson newspaper confirms Olson out at Arizona
Jour J pour la traversés du Pacifique en Kite
Soccer goalie saves team by scoring the winning goal [Video]
Poor situational hitting!  Bunts!  Check-swing walks!  Hold onto your hats, kids — this wild ride could go seven games!
Suggs says he 'misspoke' using the word 'bounty'
Source confirms ex-New York Knicks president Isiah Thomas overdosed on sleeping pills
Potential Overdose at the Home of Isiah Thomas. (Could be Isiah)
Scolari: We are new invincibles
Boston Celtics Examiner: Your 2008-09 Boston Celtics primer
Controversial UD Win For Lucian Bute Over Librado Andrade To Retain IBF Super Middleweight Belt
Udinese Vs Roma Live &amp; Highlights
Can not play with them, can not win with them, can not coach with them, can't do it
Eagles' LJ Smith Leveled by Falcoln's Lawyer Milloy (vid)
Amazing 73-year-old college basketball player
The Alphabetical: College Football, Week 9
2008 Heisman Watch - Colt McCoy is in a one man race.
COACHES BE ALL ANGRY 
Chiefs' Johnson charged for simple assault 
After 34 hours, they can stop now
Not Catching It :: Random Pictures
Cupa Steaua la box
Rams Claiming Foul Play in Pats Game
World Series postponed for another day, will resume Wednesday
Cottrell is DONE in San Diego....SAVE US RIVERA, please help!!!!
Charles Barkley To Run For Alabama Governor in 2014
Arsenal Vs Tottenham Live &amp; Highlights
Champions League derby in Serie A
Roma Vs Sampdoria Live &amp; Highlights
Texas Tech No. 1 In ESPN College Football Fan Poll
Why Isiah Thomas blamed his kid:  Maybe an $18 million dollar contract.
Men with Balls: The Professional Athlete's Handbook
Smells like Annika Sorenstam
John Daly goes to Hooters, gets drunk and thrown in jail
Anand retains world chess title
Marion Jones tells I'd have won Olympics without the drugs
First Look At T.O.'s Sitcom Debut
Knicks Start D'Antoni Era with Win
The 3 innings of highlights last night from the World Series and nice rant about long-suffering fans.
College Football - Roundtable: How many will go undefeated?
Judge: Vick needs to appear in person for plea
Reports: Brewers to hire Macha
Pats' Wilfork fined $35k for hit on Cutler. Ouch. Who is hurting worse?
NFL Stadium Rankings: Stadium Atmosphere
The Second-Guess: Should Jayson Werth have been Series MVP?  
New details emerge from Isiah drama police report
Mavs, Cowboys to co-host 2010 NBA All-Star game
SEC Power Poll Week 9
Shaq playing Twister in a confined space? On video? Yeah, that's funny... 
The New York Knicks:  New Ringleader, Same Circus
10 of the 'best' sports fan riots 
College football weekend observations 
NHL to offer real-time results in all-star voting
Researchers now believe that some of the more entrenched elements of many athletes’ warm-up regimens are not only a waste of time but actually bad for you. 
Phillip Fullmer Is Done Coaching Tennessee Football After This Season 
8 Greatest Moments in John Daly history
Song Girl anniversary brings out the Cougar alumni... still in skirts
'Viewed' wins the Melbourne Cup - by the closest photo finish ever
‘Transformation’ from above: the upside-down state of the `beautiful game' in South Africa
Barcelona vs Basel Highlights
Red Sox Epstein agrees to stay
Phillies Sign Batboy to be Their GM
Oaks Christian in no-win situation (that is what happens when you recruit)
Pelini says his temper hurting Huskers, program
Armstrong still unsure about riding Tour de France.  Seems to fear for his safety.
Ball State is on National TV Wed. Night.  Shootin' for 9-0.
Raiders cut ties with Deangelo Hall after 8 games.  Mainly because he sucks.
Armstrong looking for balance - www.cyclingnews.com
The Big Interview: Don Catlin - Cycling Weekly
Why the Cubs don't want Peavy
Red Sox adding seats to Fenway
Science Says Midseason Coaching Changes Don't Work!  Listen up Blackhawks, Raiders, 49ers, Rams...
The Mafia Finds A Way To Infiltrate The Lucrative Gay Italian Market—Fake Beckham Memorabilia
Ten teammates with serendipitous surnames
High School Students Kicked Off Football Team for Going to Phillies Parade
NFLs Brandon Marshall- He wore his “I voted” sticker on his hooded sweatshirt, but because he was shirtless during the interview, he took the sticker and put it on his forehead.
Texas Tech: Gimmick offense??
Top 11 reasons why I hate the NFL Network
Fan club urges U.S. owners to sell them Liverpool
Behind the Diddly Poo: The story of Jim Mora's famous rant
FSU suspends three players
Great Moments Signings - Marchetti, Heap, McCrary and Leonhard
Obama's First Move as President: Abolish the BCS
Going down in flames
Former Phoenix Suns Guard Kevin Johnson Elected Mayor of Sacramento
They Call Him Mr. Brown: Edge of Sports Interview with the Inimitable Jim Brown
Peterson rejoins Jaguars after 2-day banishment
Judge denies O.J. Simpson's request for new trial
4thegame.com sold for more than $1,000,000
Cutler rallies Broncos past Quinn, Browns - NFL 
DeAngelo Hall joins Redskins  
ESPN - Report: 'Zero chance' for Mark Cuban to own Chicago Cubs
Official: Armstrong not to sing Kumbayah at Tour
If LSU beats Bama it would half-way make up for a bad season
LSU's Jarrett Lee Has an Eye Affliction. Can Anyone Else See That? Bama 27 LSU 21 
Much maligned youngsters respond in thrilling fashion
Full Court Montage
Joe Calzaghe v Roy Jones Jr
World's Strangest Sports - Article &amp; Video slideshow including India's Wall of Death, Wales' Bog Snorkeling, and Colombia's Tejo - similar to exploding horseshoes
A Quarterback in a Lineman's Body
Rapha - Rapha Rides The Swiss Alps
Jerry Buss says Lakers can bank on him - in salary and luxury taxes, to keep the team in championship contention. Retaining Kobe Bryant and Phil Jackson is a priority
Charles Gordon of the Vikings rips his leg up.  Fox refused to show the replay.
Who knew foosball was this intense?
Nuggets waive McDyess one week after trade
Longoria is AL Rookie of Year, Soto wins NL award - MLB - Yahoo! Sports
Tentative deal to send Rockies Holliday to A's - MLB
A second NHL team in Toronto could be worth $600 million
The ultimate free-agent tracker - MLB 
A prototype Lewis Hamilton
UFC pushes for New York approval
Rockies not done dealing after Holliday trade
Economy concerns NASCAR chief
NBA Rookie Rankings
The BCS Might Be Moving From FOX Back To ESPN/ABC
Gruden says he isn't interested in Tennessee job
Golfer records 5 holes-in-one in a week
Brazilian soccer star: Playing in England is great. They pay you $60,000-a-week and all you have to do is watch TV
Younger Favre sets Mississippi state record
Jesus Manzano spills the beans on cycling doping in L'Equipe - riendechange.pdf
When Hoy's bid almost hit the buffers | BBC SPORT | Olympics/Paralympics blog
Gambling ring in NY busted - 12 men, 30 million...yipes!
Kentucky Wildcats: Let Taxidermy Bring Out The Wildcat In You
Recession Would Have Stopped Britain's Bid On Olympics
New Site Salutes Pro Wrestling Autographs
Teresa Earnhardt's DEI, Ganassi to combine teams due to tough financial times- NASCAR 
Boozed-up old soak who used to play soccer to make a top-level comeback...aged 41
Herb Score (1933-2008)
British sports minister: 'We don't want to host the 2012 Olympics anymore' 
Maddon, Piniella win Manager of Year awards 
Boston Celtics Examiner: Doc Rivers: Celtics unsung hero
Oregon State set up for another strong finish.  Can win Pac-10 if they win out.
FSU ASSAULT NEARLY BECOMES INTERNATIONAL INCIDENT - EDSBS
The Top 5 Sweaters of Sports
DH.be - Johan Bruyneel à livre ouvert
Pushing the Limit - Cyclocross Features Blood, Sweat and Air Horns - NYTimes.com
Ministers claim £12,000 bill for free golf balls
When football teams rap: Worst NFL music videos
QU B-Ball Player Arrested For Hate Crimes 
LSU, down 31-3 halfway through the 3rd, wakes up and scores 37 unanswered points to beat Troy
Steve Spurrier Post-Game interview after Florida vs. S. Car (56-6)
Steelers beat Chargers in NFL's first 11-10 game.
Scrum rebellion: Aussies give Old Dart a kicking
'Hi, my name is Carlton Fisk. I'll be your dog's waiter tonight' 
The Dugout Presents Yankee Refocusing Giant-Sized Annual #1
Incredible Uppercut Knockout Punch! From last night's undercard fight.
Larry Nance - The High-Ayatolla of Slamola
For $10 you can have a chance to win a real 2001 New England Patriots Super Bowl ring! (and help charity, too)
Couture vs. Lesnar pulls in $4.8M in live gate receipts
Mercury Morris says he's a fan of unbeaten Titans
Cuban: 'The Government's Claims are False'
Texas Tech at Oklahoma will have big say on Heisman race
Great eats in store at Citifield
This has got to be the Greatest 'Drift' Ever
Woman drafted to a pro team, albeit in Japan.
Video-Shaq Nearly Kills Rodney Stuckey, Gives Us A Lesson In Physics As Well
Owners' boorish behavior tarnishes NBA 
They lowered their Shorts to Score A Goal
Top 10 Ugliest Signature Basketball Shoes of All-Time
Brazil vs Portugal Highlights
Because It’s Michigan Week
Fassel a candidate for Toronto Agronauts opening
Living Scared - A year after Sean Taylor's murder, NFL players still live in fear.
M's make history with new manager hire
Ankle injury ends Earnest Graham's season
Players taking security measures after murders
Ex-Vikings WR wants to 'duke it out' with Childress
Future HOFer Mike Mussina retires
Roger Federer Pleased With Huge Turnout at Autograph Session
Vancouver Olympic torch relay to last 106 days
 Steve Peters, cycling’s psychiatrist - Times Online 
ESPN - Bonnie D. Ford: The Lance Armstrong effect? Taylor Phinney can't wait to impress the king
Tony Hawk Jeep
Terrel Owens plays football to make the highlights against the 49ers.
Sports troublemakers
Game to Watch Tonight :: Wisconsin vs. UCONN in Paradise Jam finals
Most phallic trophy ...
Eagle Kickoff in McClain's Face
GM ends 9-year endorsement deal with Tiger Woods 
Could Weis be cooked? 
A reenactment of Tim Connelly's week
BBC SPORT | Football | Europe | Mears' unlikely year in Provence
Villarreal vs Man Utd Highlights
The Lions' Chase For Immortality
Symonds cleared but patience wearing thin
Jones takes over from Halfpenny
NFL no longer has a home field advantage - must read for 08 football pool players!
Lenny Dykstra is quite the mover and shaker.
SHOCKING! Brian Burke the new GM of the Leafs.
Brian Westbrook Gets Tackled By His Jockstrap 
TIGER WOODS GOT FIRED 
Xavier Half-Court Buzzer Beater Against Virginia Tech
Lemming pushed Myron Rolle away from FSU? - Analyst denies pushing recruit toward Notre Dame  2006
Vick pleads guilty to state dogfighting charges
Citi and AIG Won't Drop Big Sports Sponsorships
Mark Cuban vs. Don Nelson Rages On
Sooners win makes BCS a mess
Consider Burke a Leaf -- Brian Burke is a signature - and maybe a few minor points of negotiation - away from being the next president and general manager of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Pirates sign two Indian pitchers who never threw a pitch before this Spring
Reports: McNamee gave DNA samples to investigators - MLB -
Stoops ends campaigning for No. 3 Sooners 
Redskins cut former league MVP Shaun Alexander 
Leon Lett's 1993 Thanksgiving Day Blunder
Je'Rod Cherry selling his Super Bowl ring to help save children 
Rawle Marshall causes a Street Fight (Video)
How a good PR Campaign Can Win The BCS Championship--Give Us A College Football Playoff!
Barkley call Lebron wrong for talking about New York.  James calls him stupid.
Rumor has it Cowher has been house hunting in Ohio, Cleveland area - Sports Rumors - NFL 
Friedel sets Premier League consecutive games mark
Rugby World: Wales 21-18 Australia
Jimmy V week will be running from 12/3 to 12/9
Chad Gerlach: Former Pro Cyclist, Lance Armstrong Teammate, Subject Of Pending A&amp;E Network Program, Intervention
Tottenham Hotspur Vs Everton Live Streaming Soccer | EPL
Drew Rosenhaus's MNF Interview Video
Watch Burnley vs Arsenal Live action in Carling Cup 02 Dec 
Watch Carling Cup : Arsenal vs. Burnley Live Free Online On PC
Athletes learn risks, rules at anti-doping centre
Burnley vs Arsenal Highlights
Darren Patterson Departs Oxford United
New England Patriots Examiner: Patriots bring back Rosevelt Colvin, continue preparation for Seahawks 
Astana confirms interest in signing Vinokourov - Cycling - Yahoo! Sports
Video: Crazy Ass Ken Block racing stunts
The UFL still wants Michael Vick - Shutdown Corner - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Sean Avery's vote of better words than sloppy seconds from Fox
A-Rod to play for the Dominican Team, not the US, in WBC - MLB (get ready for some angry fans)
In a slap shot to our national identity, Yahoo! Canada says hockey has been unseated as the country’s top online search subject.
That's an OK ending.  A last minute shot or 2 or 3 or 4. (vid)
“When I got in the ambulance, I remember they were counting bullets,” Collier said. “I was like man, that’s a lot.”  Collier was shot 14 times.
The Top 10 Greatest Upsets
USC-OKLAHOMA: LEON WASHINGTON HITS BLAKE GRIFFIN IN THE NUTS 
PERCY HARVIN’S INJURIES: AN ILLUSTRATED HISTORY
Once worried about washing out, Roddy White finds stride - NFL -
Harrell says 'great chance' Leach will leave - College Football 
Rooney family nearly finished with Steelers' ownership deal
Cool graph: NBA Return on Investment between fans and ownership
Just 5 wins shy of 360, Maddux to retire on Monday...
Charlie Weiss May Actually Have to Learn Humility
Poor economy or crappy teams?
New England Patriots Examiner: Patriots sign Junior Seau, slowly replacing 2008 defense with 2007 defense
The football monopoly in LA is over?
Greg Maddux to announce retirement Monday - MLB
Pacquiao era begins with De La Hoya demolition - Boxing 
Va Tech beats BC, wins 2nd straight ACC title 
Michigan upsets Duke in Basketball
NFL - Interviews reveal details of Burress incident.  Looks like the league, Giants, players, doctors were all trying to cover this up.
The Top 10 Greatest Upsets Over The Last Five Years (2003-2008) 
New England Patriots Examiner: Patriots prep for Raiders on the west coast while Bruschi sees doctors on the east coast 
Controversy constant along annual twisting BCS path
Video - High School RB Can't Find End Zone
The Members Only Club: How new and old media combine to over-expose American football players
Humanitarian Bowl - Maryland vs. Nevada. Fans Flock to Boise as 24 Total Tickets are Sold 
Don't mess with BFF, Steve...
NCAA Basketball Betting - Tigers, Hoyas in top-20 showdown
Will Jays be up for sale?
Syracuse hires Doug Marrone as football coach 
New York Mets owners Fred Wilpon and Saul Katz might have lost up to 300 million dollars in the Wall Street scandal surrounding arrested broker Bernard Madoff
Muschamp denies report that he's taking Auburn job 
World's Worst Jockey wins his first race in 28 years, then retires
Sharks Tie Record For Fastest To 50 Points In Win
Knicks Coach D'Antoni Rips Former Phoenix Bosses
Awful Announcing: A Look At Marv Albert's Guest Spot On The Simpsons
NFL Pro Bowl Selections Are Out
Peyton and Eli Manning were voted to the Pro Bowl on Tuesday, the first time quarterback-playing brothers have been chosen for the same all-star game.
Vasili Alexeyev: USSR's most prolific super heavy weightlifter, with perspective on Cold War competition
The Heisman candidates and their NFL futures 
Top 10 NHL Goals Scored Off Body Parts
Jerry Jones wants it known: Cowboys coaches 'in place'
Rusty Smith leads FAU to Motor City Bowl win - College Football
For upcoming draft, Lions need picks Nos. 1, 2, 3 ...
Spengler Cup prosperity leads to dissent
So this is what it means to be a Ute
Snead, McCluster lead Ole Miss past Texas Tech
Browns interview Patriots' McDaniels 
Referees favour top teams... Discuss.
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Rays sign Burrell, lineup nears completion
 Chargers player, Jackson, arrested for DUI
AP source: Browns, Mangini agree to terms
Former NBA Coach to be Inducted into WA Sports Hall of Fame
Rob Neyer Blog - ESPN
New England Patriots Examiner: Browns officially hire Eric Mangini, Rams set to interview Josh McDaniels Friday
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Rocco Baldelli will sign with the Red Sox on Thursday
Morales puts money on Hatton
The Vanilla Gorilla's grandmother is pissed and is writing letters Andy Dufresne style to David Stern.
College Basketball Roundtable: Who will win it all?
Global Authentication Files Chapter 11
Boston Celtics Examiner: Maybe the Celtics should copy the Spurs
Caple: The most overrated position in sports - ESPN
Thom Brennaman is in total man love for Tebow..... er, Fox BCS coverage sucks, oh yeah, Florida wins
Couture declines Nogueira fight
Streaming Calcio: Aston Villa - West Bromwich Albion
Andy Roddick Vs Andy Murray Live Streaming Finals| ATP Doha
Watch Stoke City vs Liverpool free Live video streaming online | England Premier League on 10 Jan
Andy Murray crushes Andy Roddick in desert to defend Qatar Open title
Oxford United Face Potential Points Deduction
Say it ain't so: Sports heroes who left Atlanta | ajc.com
Virtual Tours of New Yankee Stadium and CitiField via MLB 09 The Show for PS3
Number One Tennis Player to Star in an AIDS-Free Generation Video Announcement
Phil Trainer Joins AFC Telford - Soccer Central
Chargers bracing fans for L.T.'s departure?
McNamee meets Clemens prosecutor, investigators 
Pete Carroll-Mark Sanchez breakup is a bad one.  Some fans react.
Bucs to hire Raheem Morris after firing Jon Gruden
Meet Tyson Fury, Britain's new heavyweight contender
Marlon King Joins Middlesbrough on Loan
Emile Heskey Signs for Aston Villa
Where ski racers wreck, an opportunity to learn
NHL admits fighting sells tickets
South St. Paul Examiner: Golden Gophers victorious over Hoosiers
Brutal Slash to Michigan's Steve Kampfer By Michigan State's Andrew Conboy and Corey Tropp
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Rays, Red Sox, Yankees - the three approaches to winning the AL East - part I
Double Alley Oop
Talking Stats With David Pinto
No Lingerie Bowl Stiff Arms This Year
The idea that you can whack your head hundreds of times in your life and knock yourself out and get up and be fine is gone...  We know we can't do that anymore. This causes long-term damage. 
The Baseball Tattoo Hall of Fame: Mickey Mantle and Pete Rose - Big League ... 
Chris Berman looks hungover at the Superbowl
Breaking News: Rod Tidwell Will Be In Tampa 
You Can’t Have the Steelers in the Super Bowl Without Jeff Reed Getting Hammered 
Arizona player has head stomped on during the game.
NHLPA wants to end All-Star Game 
New England Patriots Examiner: Patriots hire former Titans' GM Floyd Reese as senior football advisor
New England Patriots Examiner: Watch Matt Light dance with the SoBe Lizards (video)
Joe Torre Book Signing Events
Going to Maccabi - Written by Dee Brown
Northwestern Wildcats Examiner: Men look to exorcise demons against Indiana
Man City vs Newcastle Highlights Video: EPL Highlights
Fashion Focus: Fila’s Last Stand
Universidad vs Pachuca live soccer : Copa Libertadore match on 28th January
College basketball fans educate themselves
Robinho 'strenuously' denies sex attack allegation
Sneaking a peek at the Steelers Super Bowl practice
Mexicans turn to voodoo to help team beat the US in soccer
Even Super Bowl not recession-proof... gasp ... face-value tickets?
Odd owner finds way to the Big One
The Most Ridiculous Super Bowl XLIII Proposition Bets
Nadal sees off Verdasco in five-set classic
Beefy linebackers fight fat after leaving field  
Serena Williams wins Aussie, her10th Grand Slam singles title 
Super Bowl coaches hope for 'normalcy' before game 
Federer vs Nadal - Battle of Surfaces  Half grass/half clay court
Jake Plummer: Shanahan firing by Denver Broncos was past due 
Streaming Calcio: Lazio - Milan 20:45
Rory holds his nerve to claim Dubai title
Bob Knight Now Wants to Coach at Georgia. But has to be asked (i.e., groveled to). 
Top 10 Dunks by Dwight Howard (VIDEO)
DIY Stadium Seating for the Super Bowl
The 'Nextology' of Michael Jordan
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Meet the new Tampa Bay Ray: Brian Shouse
Chiefs: On Matt Cassel
Dodgers Make Ramirez a One-Year Offer
Kobe Breaks MSG Scoring Record
Disney parade honors Super Bowl MVP Santonio Holmes
Double injury worry for the Scotland pack - Telegraph
Video of Ole Miss coach being arrested, pleading with police
Rossi shuts door on F1 switch
Wheaties Honors Ex-NBA Great Willis Reed
Undefeated world super-middleweight and light-heavyweight boxing champion and 46-time winner Joe Calzaghe has announced his retirement
Just like Mike: LeBron ties Jordan for 50s at MSG
NFL Draft: Two-round mock draft - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Jeter to play against Yankees in exhibition game
Joe Buck to host new HBO show starting in May
Kyle Busch leads 1st NASCAR practice of 2009
Cassel Gets The Franchise Treatment
Tennis: Dokic comeback gathers momentum
goal highlights of  Portsmouth vs Liverpool
Racing News: Peugeot Set To Crash Audi's Sebring Party
Ferrari F50: Supercar Teardown
Fame and Misfortune in U.S. sports
ATP Brasil Open Live Streaming Tennis
Sir Alex shocked at Scolari exit
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Rays 2009 player preview: Evan Longoria
Is Cyborg vs. Carano in Strikeforce close to a reality?
Anyone Else Been Counting the Days Until Baseball Spring Training Starts?
No split at Chelsea, says Wilkins
Randy Moller's Hilarious NHL Goal Calls
NBA Slam Dunk Competition Compilation....Who's the best?
Keith Gillespie Receives Leeds United Trial
New England Patriots Examiner: Free agent spotlight: Jabar Gaffney
Galaxy claim Beckham move is dead
Update on Universal’s Slap Shot Remake
Chelsea Defeat Watford - Nicolas Anelka Scores a Hat-Trick
Injury forces Federer to take time out
The Almighty Return of Wayne Rooney
Charles Barkley: Drunken Driving Unacceptable
Tyson Chandler Fails Physical, Will Rejoin New Orleans Hornets
Unbelievable pass to himself goal by Ovechkin
Leading Nationals prospect from DR faked age, name 
Willie Mays helps Griffey decide on return to Seattle 
Stephon Marbury films some improv
Testimony of Santiago and Bonds were similar 
Cavs discussed deal for Shaq
HABS - A huge scandal is apparently about to rock Montreal and the sports world
New England Patriots Examiner: Why the NFL and the NFLPA will never allow an uncapped 2010 season
Jonathan Woodgate's Late Goal Provides Tottenham With a Win Over Hull
The WNBA has cheerleaders? Female cheerleaders?
NHL's Most Wanted: Denis Gauthier (Video)
Former Bulls player, commentator Van Lier dies
Yankees, Bank of America end sponsorship talks
Media urge unsealing of juror data in Bonds trial
RIP Norm Van Lier 
Some Questions the Media Should Be Asking Itself About the A-Rod Case
ESPN's Digger Phelps does the Stanky Legg! Check it! 
Kurt Warner makes counterproposal to Arizona Cardinals
Brittney Griner, high school girl can dunk like no other female
Lewis, Ravens agree to deal
Bling Training
22-year old waitress trying to earn a roster spot in the new Women's Professional Soccer league
Owens was not cut because of lockerroom issues 
 But Seriously… What the Hell Is Denver Doing? 
the girlfriend of Tampa Bay Buccaneers linebacker Geno Hayes stabbed him in the head with a pair of scissors and in the neck with a knife
It’s The Only Way the ‘Skins Can Afford Haynesworth’s Contract 
Kendrick’s philanthropy hurting chances of joining rotation
AskRedditSports: AIRBALL! is at least 20 years old. Isn't there any new term we can chant?
Agents and AAU: Unrequited Love - College Basketball 
Hamburg SV site
Regular-season records don't mean much in Tourney
Football Fan Shoots Player Dead
IPL will be staged outside India
CBS Sports Broadcaster: What its like Behind the Scenes of March Madness [VIDEO]
Bryce Brown ready for what's next after saga
Protection coming for defensive players - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Miami, USC cranking out NFL players - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Who Will Beat Tendulkar?
Problems of solid therapy
WTF Michael Beasley!
Homage to Raiders, pre-Davis
New England Patriots Examiner: Texas A&amp;M QB Stephen McGee to visit Patriots for pre-draft workout
Hamilton loses Aussie GP points
Michael Jordan's son sees stock soar.  Toledo, Davidson, Marquette...
Agent hopes Vick can return to NFL by September 
Andorra Sports TV. Who knows what the hell is going on?
Denver's KOA 850 radio clips with Shannon Sharpe and Adam Schefter discussing the Cutler trade. Sharpe nails it. Shefter says McDaniels targeted Orton.
Denver Broncos Trade Disgruntled Jay Cutler to Da Chicago Bears
RIP Carly Bragnalo : Fiancee of Vancouver Canucks Pyat Dies After Car Accident in Jamaica
Donte Stallworth Out on Bail After Manslaughter Charge - Video
For first time in his career Ichiro is on the DL
The Super League is coming whether we like it or not
Brumbies forward Shawn Mackay dies in hospital - Sad.
Braves beat World Series champs Phillies in season opener
Mets signing Sheffield an act of desperation - Sports Rumors - MLB - Yahoo! Sports
Lakers reserves draw critical reviews as Clippers almost score upset
Chiefs' Johnson loses bonus grievance
Memphis hires assistant Josh Pastner as coach
Raiders sign QB Jeff Garcia - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Michael Jordan's son Marcus chooses ... Central Florida? 
East Lansing police arrest 21 after Spartans' loss 
Detroit Lions locking in on Stafford for #1 pick in upcoming NFL draft (PFT rumormill)
Buffalo Bills RB Lynch suspended first 3 games
Andray Blatche's End of the Season Party Before The End of the Season
The Forbes Rich List of Soccer
XBH - What does XBH stand for? 
We Like Sportz - The Lonely Island ( Official Video ) HQ
Jermaine Dye, Paul Konerko hit back-to-back homers (both each's 300th!)
Baseball Saving Marriages?
The Bird is dead
Who is this Josh Pastner kid and why is he coaching the Memphis Tigers?
Fenway Park and Wrigley Field: The Last of the Classic Ballparks - Photographs included
Watch Champions League Live Online Free | get valid live links of all matches on 14 April
Snoop Dogg and David Beckham Play Soccer Together
Isiah Thomas Donating his FIU Salary for Upcoming Year 
Sad Day For Frank Caliendo (And NFL Fans): John Madden Retires
Partial Verdict Helio Castroneves Tax Evasion Case
Rod Blagojevich gave Cubs' Piniella advice in 2007
Am I the only person who doesn't know who Wally Judge is?
Dallas Cowboys - Their 10 Best Wins and 5 Worst Losses
Laura Lala Biondo Freestyle Football
Retire Number 21!
Last Minute Deals to the Indian Premier League 
Streaming Calcio: Serie B giornata n° 36 16:00
Beautiful new Yankee Stadium appears to be a veritable wind tunnel that is rocketing balls over the fences
When we go for young players, it is to get them to love the club, love to be together and love to achieve together. A team sport is about that. It is about achieving something together in a positive human atmosphere.
Should the Portland Trail Blazers have gone with Greg Oden AND Joel Pryzbilla to have stopped the Rockets in Game One?
The Light of Gilbert Arenas
Brian Gay posts 10-shot win at Heritage
Tennis History Tuesday: The Richeys Talk Dinara and Marat
Who's the better soccer player? Anderson Silva or this guy?
Celebrating the NHL Playoff Beard
Celtics' Leon Powe out for playoffs
Mitchell (Florida) High School senior Patrick Schuster has thrown four No Hitters in a row. 
The potential steal of the NFL draft - NFL - Pat White from WVU
Wizards Fans, The Date is May 19th
Theo Bos: This is really making me sick - The guy who allegedly caused that cycling wreck is stating his side of the story.
New England Patriots Examiner: New England Patriots NFL Draft strategy: Trade up, trade down, trade out, or stay put?
Spain passes decree to prevent night-time doping controls : Sports
Street Soccer Amsterdam
Jim McMahon Wants to Make You a Bedroom MVP
A’s Find Sean Gallagher Down Back of Sofa, Send Him To AAA
Agent Zero Aims For Overt Leadership
Australia to boycott Davis Cup
Russia and Canada take first games
Streaming Calcio: Serie A week 33 15:00
Burton Albion Win Promotion to the Football League
Nadal wins 5th straight Barcelona Open
Don't piss Umaga off... ...the finish is class
In a way, WPA is the ultimate baseball statistic
Free golf lessons from a PGA Pro during the month of May
Skins Confuse O-Line With Fine Wine
Middlesbrough vs Manchester United Highlights Video : Premiership Highlights
Defending Steven Cohen
Manny Pacquiao vs Ricky Hatton Live Stream [not spam]
What does former Alaska Senator Stevens have to do with a longshot Derby winner.  
Edwin Hubble: Famous Astronomer And ... Champion Basketball Player?
For Wizards/Bullets Fans, The Price Was NOT Right
Tachyon, Inc on the Loop’d network! « Tachyon, Inc
Five questions for the Western Conference finalists
Wife of D-Backs' Schoeneweis found dead at Fountain Hills home
Cavs ready for biggest test yet
Peavy, shockingly, says no to White Sox.
NFL.com video clips of quarterbacks competing for starting jobs in 2009. - ESPN
sports wrap up: Darrius Heyward-Bey Injures His Hamstring by �Running Too Fast�
Fourth time lucky for Federer in Paris?
Cavs' Wallace angered over Van Gundy 'flop' remark - NBA 
Has Order Been Restored In The American League East?
Pat Quinn has been named head coach of the Edmonton Oilers, replacing the fired Craig MacTavish. 
Premier League - Top 100 stats of the season
One-handed center receives scholarship to play for Manhattan
Brandon Backe, pitcher for Houston Astros, cleared of all charges stemming from Galveston wedding fight
 Rafer Alston *slap*
 Rafer Alston Drunk
NCAA alleges violations at Memphis under Calipari
New videos for Team Tachyon XC « Tachyon, Inc
Maria Sharapova Makes Triumphant Return to the Courts | TennisGrandstand
How many bodies are in there??
If Dan Snyder Owned the Wizards
Sides discussed StarCaps settlement - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Camping: tent suggestions or recommended stores?
Now Playing: 10 movies for the NBA Finals
Kovalev To Be Montreal Canadiens New Captain?
My Interview With Burt Hooton
Gonchar leads confident Pens past Wings - NHL  Still down 2-1
Yankee Stadium - The House That Bernoulli Built
Howard plays bigger
George Brett Has Become A Pissed Off Grumpy Old Man
RIP Dick Jacobs, former owner of the Cleveland Indians and all-around great guy
ACC Announces Early Football Season Television Schedule | The World According to MoonDog
Um, yeah, the Jonas Brothers did appear on SportsCenter...
Hinault blasts ... well, everyone - VeloNews
Champion Nadal doubtful for Wimbledon 
It's a bird who wins Belmont -- Summer Bird! - Horse Racing 
The Not-So-Hebrew Nationals are in a kosher pickle with their ballpark food concessions
Matt Stafford would have no problem signing your prosthetic leg
Finally, Roger Federer has his French Open title
Wrentham kids try to score longest baseball game record - score currently 290-272
Los Angeles to host 2011 NBA All-Star Game
D.C. Fire Chief, hit with fireworks debris at Nationals game, shuts down ballpark fireworks displays
Gilbert Arenas’ Birthday Present To Tony Kornheiser
Nick Young “Doin’ It Big” This Summer
Poor old pigeon...[vid]
The battle for control of the Phoenix Coyotes has heated up with all sides trading insults in a flurry of court filings leading up to a hearing tomorrow in an Arizona bankruptcy court. 
US Open Tickets Available
South St. Paul Examiner: St. Paul Saints always have the last laugh
Got Clapp? Memphis Redbirds to host Stubby Clapp Night tonight.
Kaka set to be confirmed as a Real Madrid player
Will URIJAH EVER get the Black Belt? : Chicago’s MMA
The NHL Constitution in full
Swine Flu Quarantines Australian Rugby Players
Driver that killed Nick Adenhart pleads not guilty
Finding a Way for Donald Brashear
Kobe Bryant lands NBA 2K10 cover ... in a Knicks jersey?
The Curious Case of LaRon Landry
Strasburg: Just Pay the Kid
Adrian Gonzalez Asks If You Happen To Know Who Current Home Run Leader Is
Tiger vs. History
Nadal having knees examined.  May skip Wimbledon!
Putting Randy Johnson's 300 wins in perspective
Did A Punch By A Basketball Hall Of Famer Threaten Jackie Robinson’s MLB Debut?
Balsillie could face $100-million relocation fee to move Coyotes to Hamilton.
Reebok to Marcin Gortat: Jordan Tattoo Won't Fly
CBS Trying to Kill Dan Snyder's Radio Star
NBA LIVE 10 Cover Athlete Is Dwight Howard
History of the football world transfer record
Penn State Football Around the Net
Former Olympic swimming coach passes
At 47, Chelios takes a backseat - NHL
Former NBA referee Tim Donaghy attacked in Florida prison
LaRon Landry's Lip Goes Labret
A Tribute To The Fugazi Damon Jones
Dwyane Wade shows his comedic skills in autograph session prank
You Can Complain About Bradley, I'll Complain About The Offense Not Hitting Meatballs Yet Again
Does Ohio have edge over Pennsylvania in Big 33?
Peugeot finished first and second in the Le Mans 24-hour race to end Audi's five-year domination of the event.
Simona Halep – A Dream in Progress
Andrea Iannone won the 125cc Catalan GP after race leader Julian Simon celebrated what he thought was victory in his home race a lap early.
The Hangover, but not as funny as the movie
what No. 1 Pick Steven Strasburg means to San Diego State's future
10 Most Awesomely Funny Jock Jams And The Videos To Prove It
Iowans irked by Shawn Johnson Onion parody
Blue Jays pitchers Halladay and Downs headed to DL
Fans flood Lakers party drenched in purple, gold 
Ryan Leaf arrested on Texas charges at US-Canada border 
Q&amp;A: Giants' Reese discusses WRs, injury info 
Congress to look into testimony by Sammy Sosa 
 Tony Gwynn hit .400
NBA still shoulders burden of Donaghy - has a book to “detail the culture of manipulation and fraud that permeates the NBA.”
Champion Nadal out of Wimbledon
Colombia soccer shark mascot gets sacked for dry humping opponents' jersey (with video)
The Blogger-Hunt: ESPN Takes its shots after Raul Ibanez Speculation
ESPN asked 10 major leaguers which batter pitcher match up they would would like to see. Two names kept coming up.
ICC T20 WC 2nd Semi Final: Sri Lanka beat West Indies
The modern longboard - parabolic curves with a pointy tail... Looks like Mr. Peanut taking a dump... I'd rock it though.
O'Neill replaces Floyd as Trojans coach
Can Rafael Nadal Endure His Own Style of Tennis?
Armwrestling living legend still 'Over the Top' 
Celtics shop Rondo, Allen
Detroit rejected Boston's offer of Rajon Rondo (R) and Ray Allen for three Pistons.
Why B.J. Mullens would be a terrible decision for the Pistons at the No. 15 spot in the draft
Take this Cyborg, Gina Carano chokes guy out giving him greatest moment of his life (video)
Danny Ainge:  Celtics still a contender
LeBron James communicating via T-Shirt
Iranian soccer players who wore green wristbands have been punished
Fehr's legacy: More money, less ethics
B-List ESPN Personalities and Their Tweets
Has Jordy Smith managed to pull off the best surfing trick ever?
And all of a sudden the San Antonio Spurs are relevant again
2009 NBA mock draft: Version 3.0
Phil Mickelson's Wife Amy Fights Cancer - VIDEO
Decoding the many faces of Mike Dunleavy
Once More Oregon Gets New Unis
Dallas Cowboys linemen sign heavy metal record contract
International Players in the 2009 NBA Draft
I won't stop screeching, says teenage tennis player
The National Hockey League added four new members to its exclusive club Tuesday, selecting Steve Yzerman, Brett Hull, Brian Leetch and Luc Robitaille as part of the 2009 Hall of Fame class.
College football's model team gets ready for the catwalk
The Ex-Cub Factor in Reverse?
Madness's Mock NBA Draft
Pittsburgh Pirates Notebook: The 2011 Core?
Fear of Failure?
Magglio Ordonez Gets a Haircut
ICC World Twenty20 Final: Sri Lanka came mighty close
Lenny Dykstra Denies Financial Troubles
Sports' All Time Greatest Sidekicks
Replacements have chance to impress - Indian Team
Top 10 unseemly NBA Draft moments
Baseball superstitions: Do they work?
Revisiting the 2008 NBA Draft
2009 NBA Draft Live Blog/Chat
An All-Star Baseball Lineup From The Movies
Clippers #1 Pick.....but still doomed
For the love of golf: UK's Matchplay Championship steams ahead into 2009 season
The Greatest Inter Video
Breaking News: Amar'e Traded to Warriors
Otso na!!! - Worldnews.com
The ladies take to the field
Still Shocked About DeJuan Blair
Piniella sends Bradley home after latest tantrum - 
Oudin Advances to 4th round at Wimbledon
Rowing Club to Offer Demonstration Clinics for Visually Impaired
The Little Prince: Documentary that follows the events leading up to Naseem's pivotal fight Vs Barrera (6 part)
He couldn't see his favorite team play at Dodger Stadium in person, because of both the cost and his fear of flying.  Two Paragraphs later..McCourt arranged for Pierre, 71, to fly out from New York on Friday on JetBlue so that he could take in a game at Dodger Stadium,. 
Refuelling ban still on for 2010 season
535 strikeouts is impressive
60 Minutes The Cheaters (Video)
Lies of the Fitness Industry, and the tactical lies they preach to you. 
Can't knock Alomar down
JaMarcus Russell is not the best leader
Feds Want Collection of Boras Clients to Pay Back Millions in Stanford Scam
MLB Pepper!: Matt Holliday, Reds, Adrian Gonzalez
UFC inks Chinese TV deal
Heath Bell should be an All-Star
Powerful story: Friend's suicide tempers Alex Smith's drive
The Sizz Moves Closer to a New Deal
Re-Do - 2006 NBA Draft
Pittsburgh Pirates Notebook: Draft Pick Updates
Newcastle to be sold for Ronaldo's price tag

Annette Obrestad and Caesars Cup
5 Heartwarming Sports Moments Hollywood Would Ruin
Eric Hinske traded to the Yankees
Knicks face big decisions
Dennis Green is pretty sure that Michael Vick will be a Dolphin
Jeff Suppan is for sale on eBay
Pistons fire Curry
Coach K: I'm 'not going to the Lakers'
Baseball Fun Facts - in poster form
Boy, 13, accepts football scholarship to Tennessee even though he hasn't played a down of high school football
BCS won’t change ‘if Congress does nothing’ - Senate plans to hold hearing next week on college football’s system
Real Madrid seal £30m Benzema signing
David Bach wins H.O.R.S.E event

Canadian teams get in the game
Fla. judge asked to release Stallworth crash video - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
The New York Mets Have A Furry Run-In On Road Trip 
Bouncing New Baby Inspires WNBA&amp;#8217;s MVP
Jim Leyritz Arrested For Beating Karrie Leyritz (Photos)
Federer making it look easy – too easy perhaps
Michael Jordan half court shots compilation
Shaquille O'Neal Reminds Danny Ferry Who's the Boss with Compromising Photo
Rossi, Edwards, Lorenzo and Toseland having some fun at the Yamaha Offices
Trevor Ariza verbally agrees to sign with Houston Rockets
Pittsburgh Pirates Notebook: Recap on Sano News
Golfers are America's richest athletes
YouTube - The Deion Sanders Hot Dog Express! (the quality is shit)
Now's the time for Artest
Golden State Warriors owner looking to sell team
Armstrong was solid in return to Tour de France, but Cancellara wins stage 1
Armstrong pedals into third at Tour; Cavendish takes stage 3
Manny and Dodgers fans deserve each other
Marla Messing's big thinking made Women's World Cup huge
John Daly Angling for Sponsor's Exemption From Canadian Open
Steve McNair's House for Sale | Home of the murdered NFL Great
Lover's quarrel or organized crime? Getting a little more mysterious each day w/the McNair case
Relative: Police suspect GF was McNair shooter
The Ottawa Senators have signed Alex Kovalev to a $10M two-year contract. 
Was politics the main reason why the FIA wanted to expand the F1 grid?
The Michael Owen Experiment: It Might Prove A Winner For The Game Itself
No-MAH Garciaparra and HOF: Discuss
More Baseball Players Being Lost to Injury, Changing Game on and Off Field
any fan of cricket? i have this subreddit if you would like to join hope the mods dont mind because i didn't find one where you could submit your own stories, thanks, cricket only please
Top 100 College Football Blogs
John Bachar dies free soloing - a rock climbing legend that changed the sport forever, RIP.
Basketball Theory - What would be the best 5-man starting lineup of all-time?  Post your 5-man team and why now!  I don't agree with the OP...do you?
Oskar Silow in WSOP 2009
2009-2010 lig fikstürü sonuçları
Six weeks after Phil Mickelson announced his wife had breast cancer, his mother was diagnosed with the disease and is to have surgery later this week.
Life in the Fast Lane with Lewis Hamilton
Vegas tries to revive 'hardbat' ping pong
There’ll be lots of motivation for Kovalev to torment Habs
Donte Stallworth had four shots of tequila before DUI accident that caused pedestrian's death
FOOTBALL - MIDWEEK BETTING PREVIEW
Source: Sakic will retire after 20 NHL seasons
Shark Diving:  Your New Hobby?
Update: Steve McNair Memorial
Tri-Nations Preview: All Blacks Will Win But Only Just 
NBA's Oklahoma City Thunder to get New Practice Facility
Usain Bolt defies Lausanne weather
Clete to put on the spikes for the Detroit Tigers again
Cristiano Ronaldo's sexy new girlfriend 
Minor League team to give away liposuction surgery
John Cullen - Cancer Survivor
Remi Gaillard - quality Street Soccer Tricks!
McNair killing likely murder-suicide
Randy Couture Talks About Brock Lesnar vs Frank Mir UFC 100
Things That Are Manly: The Entire Male Population of Pamplona, Spain | The Cincinnati Man
JaVale McGee The Music Producer
DeMarcus Ware played hide-and-seek with the Dallas coaching staff during games last season to help Greg Ellis get more playing time
Derek Jeter Building Mammoth Mansion 
Gina Carano's ex claims he has a sex tape of the MMA star in action
TheDailyBlitz.com: Chiefs, Cassel agree on 6-year, $63 million deal
Tony La Russa Is Headed to a Movie Theatre Near You
Can you name the MLB All Star Game MVPs?
Praise Flip, But Don’t Blame Eddie: Looking At Andray Blatche
Ex-NFLer Henry gets 3 years jail in cocaine case
Five Teams that make fans want to smash their heads on their desks
The Bizarre Coincidence Between The Moon Landing and Major League Baseball
Pacers Sign PG Earl Watson | Pacers Place
For LeBron James, getting dunked on was bad. Trying to suppress the tape was worse. 
WTF? Barca have offered about £38m plus Eto'o in exchange for Zlatan Ibrahimovic, with Alexander Hleb will also joining Inter on loan.
LCG Era Random: The Baskin Robbins Baseball Helmet Sundae
BMX World Championships video from Cologne, Germany. Pretty sick riding. Must see for BMX fans
High-Tech Era in Final Days as Swimming Bans Suits
Large waves pound Southern California beaches 
Possible return to F1 for Schumacher?
Get ready to hate the NFL Draft
Felipe Massa out of artificially-induced coma and progressing well
Life lessons from new Hall of Famer Rickey Henderson
Fox Sports Ranks Pacers As 4th Worst Team | Pacers Place
Movies about baseball
Brett Favre leaves Vikings hanging
Liverpool owners seal debt refinance deal
The countdown to 100 pitches
Problems in New York
This is about Kobe 'cos Tim Duncan has a nerdy voice
BMW pulls out of Sauber F1 alliance
LIVE CRICKET COVERAGE: Sri Lanka vs. Pakistan  free live streaming online of 1st ODI cricket match at Dambulla on July 3o, 2009, Thursday on your PC.
Chicago Tribune's Sam Smith Argues that Healthcare Reform Will Damage Free Agency Acquisitions for the Bulls. WTF?!
A defensive genius - Jimmy Johnson 1941-2009
Michael Schumacher returns to Formula One with Ferrari  
Forrest traded gunfire before dying, police say
Does ESPN.com's sports reporting no longer include game coverage?
Anderson Silva has signed to box Roy Jones Jr.
US Surf Open in Huntington Beach
WNBA’s Mystics say no to ‘kiss cam’ because it might capture two women kissing
Wood an example of a faded trade chip - MLB - Yahoo! Sports
Cautionary tale: Baseball's biggest busts - MLB - Yahoo! Sports
Bradford: The other Heisman guy - College Football - Rivals.com
Ponting in dilemma over Hauritz's inclusion
Who Will Dethrone Lionel Messi as the World's Best Footballer?
Tips for a New Runner Please...
What's next for Renardo Sidney and Mississippi State?
Charlotte Wharton, a British schoolgirl, has broken a 20-year-old water-skiing world record by leaping nearly 100ft - at the age of 13. 
“This era saddens me,” Girardi said. “It’s just a bad day.”
The Washington Wizards and The White Man
Barring a spectacular, unprecedented exoneration, [David] Ortiz will have lost the bank of goodwill and trust he spent years accruing. At least he has plenty of company.
All Blacks will be as fierce as their Haka 
Fair play?
Jim Balsillie wants the U.S. Bankruptcy Court to allow him to probe the rationale behind the NHL owners' overwhelming rejection of him as a potential owner of the Phoenix Coyotes.
Comeback Off: Schumacher calls off F1 return, citing long-standing neck injury
Amazing tribute video for Peter Forsberg
In Defense of the Fair-Weather Fan 
Jessica Ennis wins heptathlon gold medal at Athletics World Championships
Brett Favre Minnesota Vikings Team Web Page Ready To Roll!
Report: Chicago Blackhawks star Patrick Kane is working on plea deal to avoid charges -I sincerely apologize, Kane said Monday. Now it's time for me to move forward.
Detroit Red Wings sign free-agent forward Todd Bertuzzi to one-year contract 
Good isn't good enough for Strasburg
Catch one your lucky, Catch two gimme that horseshoe [VID]
Vikings Bolster QB Depth By Signing Former Texas State Star Paul Blake on Sports Pickle
James Lawton: Moyes' predicament shows why a salary cap is not such a mad idea 
Florida Gators make preseason AP poll history with widest margin for No. 1 - ESPN
Osgood interview: Liddell will do well on DWTS - Cagewriter - MMA - Yahoo! Sports
Shaquille O'Neal going back on trading block? - Sports Rumors - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
Hall of Famer Rice criticizes Jeter to Little Leaguers
America's White Boy: Colorado Rockies To Sign Giambi?
America's White Boy: Unused NFL Nicknames
Grantland Rice, the internet, and the death (and rebirth) of sports writing
Berlin Wall concrete for Usain Bolt, gold for Bekele and fewer medals for Team USA 
Bolt: I want to be a legend
Jeff Kent 'Embarrassed' By Steroid Era
Nobody Wants Jamaal Tinsley | Pacers Place
Michael Vick is the new Johnny Utah
America's White Boy: Is Isiah Thomas Scared Of Madison Square Garden?
America's White Boy: Who Will Win American League Cy Young?
America's White Boy: Big Ten Preview: Indiana &amp; Purdue
America's White Boy: Big Ten Preview: Minnesota Gophers
America's White Boy: Big Ten Preview: Michigan Wolverines
America's White Boy: Big Ten Preview: Wisconsin Badgers
America's White Boy: Will Dungy Cut Ties With Vick?
America's White Boy: Big Ten Preview: Northwestern Wildcats
America's White Boy: Big Ten Preview: Michigan State Spartans
Pacers Need To Sign Bobby Jackson | Pacers Place
America's White Boy: Big Ten Preview: Iowa Hawkeyes
America's White Boy: Big Ten Preview: Ohio State Buckeyes
America's White Boy: Big Ten Preview: Penn State Nittany Lions
America's White Boy: All White Boy Fantasy Football Team
America's White Boy: Angels Acquire Scott Kazmir
America's White Boy: 2009 NFL Preview: NFC West
Michigan football program broke rules, players say
America's White Boy: Why You Shouldn't Draft These Players
Great Moments in Pacers History - 1998 Pacers v. Bulls Game 4  | Pacers Place
America's White Boy: NCAA Football - Week 1 Betting Picks
No Sign &amp; Trade Involving Marquis Daniels | Pacers Place
America's White Boy: Is Tony Romo Dating Candice Crawford?
America's White Boy: 2009 NFL Preview: NFC North
America's White Boy: 2009 College Football - All-Name Team
America's White Boy: 2009 NFL Preview: NFC South
I Give Up: A Manifesto Of A Pissed Off Cubs Fan
The Big Ten: Down and Out?
    A 2007 New York Times investigation estimated that up to 70 percent of pro basketball players engage occasionally or regularly in the use of marijuana.
Miami's defense stops Florida St. to back up Harris' final TD drive -Video
America's White Boy: Ohio State vs. USC - Top 5 Previous Meetings
America's White Boy: Top 15 Best Back-Up Quarterbacks
America's White Boy: Did The Patriots Make A Classless Move?
Cool profile of surf wunderkind Clay Marzo and how Asperger’s affects his sport
America's White Boy: Is Jim Tressel On The Hot Seat?
Why Tyler Hansbrough Was The Best Pick For The Pacers | Pacers Place
America's White Boy: Why Your Team Will Not Win The Super Bowl
Danny Granger: 2009-10 Expectations | Pacers Place
Theoren Fleury reported to his first NHL training camp in seven years Saturday. The 41-year-old from is attempting a return to the league with the Calgary Flames, who offered him a tryout.
America's White Boy: Serena Williams Loses Match, Threatens Judge
America's White Boy: Is Jay Cutler To Blame For Chicago's Loss?
2009 MLB All-Overachiever Team
Los Angeles Lakers colors form Kobe Bryant
America's White Boy: NFL Week 2: Fantasy Footbal Sit/Start
America's White Boy: NCAA Football - Week 3 Betting Picks
Fantasy Football: Bench/Start Week 2
Is Gilbert Arenas Back Or Is It Just Talk?
What to Watch in Sports: Thursday Edition (9/17/09)
GT at Miami
America's White Boy: How The Big Ten Can Be Relevant Again
Man sinks Million Dollar hole-in-one
Minnesota to breathalyze students ejected from prior games. Says one supporter: I've been puked on before. You know, that's just not necessary.
Dunleavy Freaks Out About His Knee | Pacers Place
Irish bowling comes to Western North Carolina 
Official F1 Calendar 2010 confirmed by FIA
CP3 isn't phased by replacement referees
America's White Boy: NCAA Football - Week 4 Betting Picks
College Coach Writes Fan a Check for Lousy Game
CHIP KELLY IS A MAN OF HIS WORD. SERIOUSLY.
Disney and Ray Lewis present:  Ray of Life
Thoughts on NFL blackout policy?
When breaking a strikeout record is a bad thing...Mark Reynolds sets single season record
10 men United proceed to the 4th round of Carling Cup
America's White Boy: NFL Football - Week 3 Betting Picks
Sportsmanship at it's best
Tom Brady declines comment on $1 million lawsuit
Michael Owen: The Signing of the Season
Good news Lions fans!  You won't be able to watch the game this Sunday!
Tampering accusation worse than Spygate if true
Auto-Tune the News #8: dragons. geese. Michael Vick. (ft. T-Pain)
Cowboys' video boards set world record
Dana White rips Strikeforce, Showtime for signing Herschel Walker
Frank Mir believes MMA is bigger in Canada. Then submits Gary Bettman with a Kimura.

Fun SUMO - September Grand Sumo Championship
 Miami-Virginia Tech once again has meaning
Flames toss cold water on Fleury comeback 
Where Yankees failed with Joba Chamberlain, Tigers got it right with phenom Rick Porcello
Former UCLA star Ed O'Bannon leads suit against NCAA over use of images 
Lewis Hamilton wins Singapore Grand Prix

Klitschko Vs Arreola (Video)
Emmanuel Adebayor: Togo 2010
Stafon Johnson Suffers Freak Injury in Weight Room
UO football: Thurmond done for the year
Have any notable sprinters found a second career in another sport?
Houston Texans football coach honored as a single dad and autism awareness
Amir Khan to face American Dmitriy Salita in December
Miguel Cabrera apologizes to Detroit Tigers for being drunk 
Packers-Vikings on MNF had the highest ratings of any cable show in history
If losing Favre was wrong, Packers don't wanna be right
49ers Michael Crabtree in San Francisco to negotiate...with MC Hammer. Seriously. 
2009-10 NBA Preview: New Jersey Nets
NCAA Football - Week 6 Betting Picks
Are you ready for some more football? The new UFL boldly goes where several other leagues have gone – and failed – before.
Andy Murray eyes November return, will miss Shanghai Masters
Browns' trade of Braylon Edwards keeping LeBron in Cleveland? 
Live streaming sports from all over the world.
From r/hockey: Dallas Stars Blogger will pay for 18,000 tickets, after Stars do not win home opener.
NFLPA opposes Rush Limbaugh's bid to buy St. Louis Rams
Raheem Morris, basically a failure
Lance Armstrong Commits to 2011 Ironman Triathlon
The NBA has Got to Stop Those Game Stoppers before the Fans are Fed Up!
Twelve-time Pro Bowl linebacker Junior Seau comes out of retirement for another NFL fling in New England.
Raptors' Chris Bosh wins court battle for domain names
Okay NFL fans, who do you take as your QB: Peyton, Brady or Brees? 
Saints' Jeremy Shockey on Sunday's game against his former team, the Giants: It's not about me, alright?
Don King won't go down without a fight 
McCoy has a chance to jump back into Heisman race
Dre Bly Fumbles His Deion Impersonation
Browns superfan John 'Big Dawg' Thompson's case against game maker likely to be resolved
Americans tie Costa Rica 2-2, finish first in CONCACAF standings. U-S-A! U-S-A!
America's Cup win a fraud?
High School Basketball Coach Caught Double-Dribbling At Local Costco
Welcome to The 2009 Bucks' White Stiff Hall of Fame Induction Ceremony
LeBron James suffering from swine flu?
Mark Cuban: Why the NFL Can’t Let Rush Limbaugh Be a Team Owner
NBA Changes Its Traveling Rule... Sort Of.
Hit so hard it takes the helmet off...
We could certainly use more people like this in the pro ranks.
Beach ball thrown onto field responsible for game winning goal [video]
Tel Aviv coach refuses to leave after being ejected (a rabbi had to intervene!), delaying the exhibition game against the Knicks for 8 mins @ MSG
Haymakers Fail to Impress Constable | Pittsburgh Kicker tries to fight yinzer cops
His jazzy tunes were shouted down by the crowd, which asked for something more depressing. Redskins fans are not pleased with this season.
 Brawn confident Button will stay
Top 10 Golf Courses in US
Fabio Capello Furious As Emile Heskey Breaks England Team Rules
Muzzle this, NBA: Your replacement refs are terrible
The Éne-bé-a (NBA) Wants You To Start Watching
Return Of The Revenge Of The Customized Jersey
As NFL owners quietly celebrate Limbaugh's failed bid, Part I | Media Matters for America
Oguchi Onyewu: United States 2010 (Experimental mosaic portrait inspired by the great African pattern heritage)
Eddie Pope: Stars and Stripes mosaic portrait
Video: Angels Fan Jumps In Outfield Waterfall During Game 
Officials' blown call doesn't matter as Alabama edges Tennessee
Does anyone use NBA League Pass Broadband?
For The Dodgers: It's About to Get Even Uglier
Cardinals 24, Giants 17 - Giants Lose the Ball Too Much to Win Their Comeback Bid
Gordon Strachan named Middlesbrough manager
Manx cyclist Jonny Bellis close to return to Britain
Here's a preview of 'Hard Work' -- the upcoming autobiography of UNC basketball coach Roy Williams.
On the Way to the NFL, a Year of Fulfillment in England for Myron Rolle, a Rhodes Scholar
Cable calls out JaMarcus Russell in public. Does he really consider this good coaching?
Titans Owner Adams wants Vince Young starting against Jaguars
Braylon Edwards formally charged for being himself.
Matthias Schlitte Is A Modern-Day Popeye
 The 5 Most Intriguing Stories To Start The NBA Season
2009 PlayUlty.Com UPA Club Championships Contest
Eat your way to a better score, 4 essential tips to help your golf game
Does A Curveball In Baseball Really Break?
This ain't parity, this is prima nocta.
Sampras beats Agassi in Macau exhibition
Steve Phillips' future - Mad Men season 4 [Pic] (Hat tip, Boston Dirt Dogs)
Mike Leach blames A&amp;M loss on players' fat little girlfriends
Cleaning up College Basketball Recruiting -- Oh Lordy, I hope this stuff works
Dawg Pound Mike staging 'Brown-Out' fan protest against Ravens during MNF
Hokies leaving 'Enter Sandman' in hands of rock 'n roll punter.  (ESPN 7:30 EST)
LJ, Quinn, Ginn, Portis and more have worn out their welcome.
Rams, Titans at risk of establishing '300 club' - A 300 point scoring difference for the year.  200 has been done twice in the last 7 years.
Olympic Flame is lit and on its way to Vancouver for the 2010 Winter Olympics 
Johnson's agent, Chiefs continue talks 
5 Tips for Fighting the Elderly
John McEnroe is a good actor (video).
A revelation more shocking than doing crystal meth, Agassi admits The tennis star's brother was sent running around Paris to find bobby pins to keep Agassi's disintegrating spiked-mullet weave from coming off his head before a match in the 1990 French Open. 
NBA: Casspi after NBA debut: I had butterflies in my stomach
Bangladesh's most comprehensive win: all the game's stats in a world perspective
For some reason this is funny: Top Ten Draft Trades: Vick for Tomlinson
Video: Coach Tim Floyd Breaks Up Casino Catfight
Dawg Pound Mike: Lerner 'doing everything he can'
Chiefs fans, upset with Larry Johnson calling out his coach, being homophobic, and generally acting like a douche, circulate a petition asking the Chiefs to deactivate LJ so he does not gain the 75 yards needed to pass Priest Holmes as the all-time Chiefs rushing leader.
Top 10 NFL quarterback busts - NFL 
It occured to me last night that the Phillies' P looks a bit like an interrobang.
 Can Oregon finish ahead of Boise State?
How many sports related subreddits are there?
Claiming 4.33, Ohio State quarterback Terrelle Pryor quickly becoming known for his speed 
Betting Numbers For NFL Week 9
Fuck it, Polian. Just trade the man.
Cecil earns first Breeders' Cup win with Midday
Video - Bill Simmons Thinks Wilt Chamberlain Was Gay
Top 5 Coaching Performances
Bulls could be enticing option for LeBron James
Oregon high school runners race with crosses painted on their faces
U of Houston quarterback, Case Keenum has shot at Heisman 
Mask-wearing Tennessee state representative gets kicked out of Vols game
The 6 Most Successful Sports Careers Defined by a Single Moment of Failure
They're Off! Picture Gallery Of Racing's Great Horses
Mike Tyson is in trouble for punching a photographer!
How about a Boise-TCU matchup? -- latimes.com
The John 3:16 dude is now serving a life sentence
This used to be one of the best rivalries/marquee matchups in the NFL.
Ty Lawson dunks over two Laker defenders. Abusive.
Comparison of drug testing policies compiled by the WSJ
Translating fourth-and-2 to Madden 10
WHAT LIES AHEAD FOR PACQUIAO AND COTTO
No Answer in Memphis: Grizzlies terminate Iverson's contract
Public funeral service for Robert Enke at Hannover's soccer stadium [VID]
It's 1996 again for Iverson and Nash
Iverson to be waived from Grizzlies. Knicks are reportedly interested in signing Iverson and his Marbury-like ego.
Was That One Of The Worst Monday Night Football Games Ever?
Allen Iverson &amp; Grizzlies Agree To Terminate Contract
some the most amazing strokes in different sports.
Floyd Mayweather Jr: I have Nothing to Gain by Fighting Manny Pacquiao
Zack Greinke of Royals wins AL Cy Young Award - MLB - Yahoo! Sports
Browns' Cribbs out of hospital - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Kite surfers use high winds to jump over Worthing Pier 
in light of the recent violent women's soccer reports, it thought this video was pretty hilarious (borderline nsfw short shorts and cleavage shots)
This is just one of the reasons why football is the most epic sports of them all: Besiktas fans break the decibel world record at 132. You have to appreciate the passion.
Hockey Celebration Fail (VIDEO)
I'm fuzzy on the concept of the wildcat offense in (American) football.  'Splain, please.
Kate Hudson does not care for our 'A-Rod as a centaur' picture 
Gradkowski takes over starting QB gig for Raiders
So Rich Rod can't be fired for simply being a shitty coach?  He has to violate rules for UM to axe him?
Radio Personality Kicked Out of Sammy Sosa Party For Wearing “BrownFace” 
Fla. governor wants sideshow Bowden back as Seminole coach 
Multiple arrests in German soccer corruption probe
Brawn hold disloyal Jenson Button to the letter of his contract
Kite Surfers Jump Over Worthing Pier in UK [VIDEO]
Richard Dunne: Thierry Henry Admitted To Me He Cheated 
Harvin making Favre look good
Losing all respect for Rex Ryan
Even when sitting out, goalies really should pay attention to the game
Heads will explode when Brett Favre is named MVP
Wizards owner Abe Pollin dies at age 85
2018 World Cup bid: A game of two halves, 24 handbags and 20 clubs
Unirea Urziceni 1-0 Sevilla: Own Goal Gifts Hosts Victory - Goal.com
When Keeping It Real Goes Wrong: Notre Dame Edition
Notre Dame Football - Preview: Stanford
10-time All-Star Iverson reportedly will retire 
10-time NBA All-Star Allen Iverson announces plan to retire
World Cup TV coverage banned by Kim Jong-il (unless North Korea win) 
Shaq pays for funeral of slain 5-year-old girl
Back off the Lions' Thanksgiving tradition, communists: hasn't Detroit suffered enough?
Source: Weis has cleaned out his office 
Be Thankful For Customized Jerseys
It's Dead Coach Walking Day! 
On Second Thought, Maybe This Wasn't Such A Great Cover Idea for the January Issue of Gold Digest
European football, lack of competitive balance?!
Brees' performance on MNF was extraordinary, but was it perfect?
Thierry Henry Gillette Ad: Handball Removed From French Version
Building a better sports world - Yahoo! Sports
The myth of Tiger Woods
Jesper Parnevik, who introduced Elin to Eldrick, chimes in with some Tiger smack talk.
Schedule favorable for Johnson's run at 2,000 - will give his lineman Hondas if he reaches the mark.  Probably Fits.
Illinois stuns #18 Clemson with 23 point comeback victory
Chuck Noll sparked concussion test
Vikes' Peterson cited for going 109 mph
Adrian Peterson is fast. Real fast.
I do believe he's talking about practice
Hey reddit, I created a group for the 2010 World Cup bracket predictor, join up and make your picks
Khan defends title in style, knocking out Dmitriy Salita in the first round 

Oden Likely To Miss Rest Of Season
The Denver Broncos' unofficial mascot of 30 years, The Barrel Man, dies at 69
Todd Haley wants you to know what it's like to coach the Chiefs
Chris Johnson and Rondo to race?  Nashville paper adds 0's to the wager.
Jared From Subway Does a Bad Dallas Clark Impression
Peter Kings answers the tough questions.
Buffalo Bills crudely photoshop fired coach out of team photo.
Florida coach Urban Meyer treated, released for dehydration.
NFL to pull plug on $100 million revenue-sharing program - ESPN
Chad Ochocinco Reps His Faux Latino Culture (Video)
Donaghy says he bet against Nuggets because of Iverson
Tiger Woods voicemail slow jam remix
For those following MLB's Winter Meetings - the ultimate rumor news site (with Twitter feed).
Video: WWE wrestler slams Mark Cuban through table
It turns out Lefty wanted to win as much as Woods - Golf - Yahoo! Sports
Is this the beginning of the Favre fall-off? 
Tale Of The Tape: 2009 New Jersey Nets vs. 2008 Detroit Lions
Hawaii big-wave surfing contest won by Californian riding 30ft monster
Owen hat-trick delights Ferguson
Raw Video: Hawaiian Surfers Tackle Biggest Waves in Years
The Lunch Time Sports Round Up | The Daily Discharge
The 10 biggest NHL goon moments of the last decade
Satori skydiving, National championships, Dave Butterell
The House Energy and Commerce Committee approved legislation to force college football to switch to a playoff system
Chicago Golf -- From the Sports Illustration Vault: Jim McMahon, Mike Ditka, Michael Jordan and Hawk Harrelson in 1987. [pic]
Source: White Sox join Angels as top contenders to land Yankees World Series MVP Hideki Matsui
Tiger Woods Now a Blue Light Special
Tiger Woods Facebook Feed
Chinese player Ding Junhui beats Scot John Higgins in UK Snooker Championship final
Ariza throws an elbow
The 12 hardest soccer injuries || :gore:
Yahoo Fantasy Football guru blasts Fidelity for firing employees
Chris Henry Bengals Football Player Police Report December 16, 2009
Man Fired Over $20 Fantasy Football League
Report: Doctor who treated Tiger Woods, others had PEDs - ESPN
Pepsi to stop advertising in Super Bowl, ending 23 year streak
The 2000s: The NBA All-Decade Team
NBA pleased with Cowboys Stadium setup for hoops, expect 100,000 people to show up
Green Bay Packers defensive end Johnny Jolly appeared briefly in a Houston courtroomto answer refiled charges he illegally possessed at least 200 grams of codeine
Michael Schumacher agrees to Formula One return with Mercedes
College Football Ref knocks out player
Newbie Boxing Fan. Enjoyed Ali vs Frazier: what's next?
Desean Jackson is for the Eagles Everything TO Could Have Been and More
Are College Football Coaches Out of Control?
Dear Coach Sweeney, the impact you had on my life has forever changed me R.I.P
Should sports broadcast have webcasts where you can pick which camera to watch and what sound to listen to?
How David Beats Goliath
UFC 108 Free Picks - SportsUntapped.com
And the winner of the NCAA Football Money Bowl is....
View at your own risk: Jeff Demps dislocates his arm during Gators football game
What player do you feel deserved to go to the Pro Bowl, but didn't get invited. 
Former and Current Blackhawks Have Very Different Experiences With Alcohol
Somewhere Over Dwayne Bowe: NFL Picks for Wild Card Weekend
A Hundred Million to Hand Off: The Bengals are wasting Carson Palmer's talent.
Karl Malone (allegedly) throws Nevada's chairs into a dumpster - College Basketball Nation Blog - ESPN
Who are some of the more memorable undrafted players in the NBA? I say Wesley Matthews..
Gilbert Arenas Suspended Indefinitely
Gilbert Arenas caption contest
Original Seattle Sonics broadcaster (and predecessor of Kevin Calabro) Bob Blackburn dies
The BCS National Championship trophy will be displayed at
The  new ‘hands-on’ approach to coaching: The unfortunate cases of Mark Mangino, Mike Leach and Jim Leavitt
Former Auburn coach Tommy Tuberville set to replace Mike Leach at Texas Tech
Did anyone else see Ochocinco's BDay ride?
Phantom shot, JR smith takes ball out of bounds
KU goes down, Who's #1 in the new poll?
Why Deron Williams has never made an All Star Game...but should this year
Our local sportscaster said It looked like he drank a triple espresso then ran at that one.
African Nation Cups hosts Angola stunned by Mali's 4-goal comeback in last 15 minutes
It's Official: Seahawks hire Carroll as coach
Reid: McNabb will remain as Eagles QB in 2010
Is there anything interesting about the 1996 Pittsburgh Pirates?
Thanks for the memories: Amari Spievey Declares…
2011 outlook : Hall of Fame voters weigh in on McGwire
An interesting perspective as baseball nation prepares to get self-righteous over steroid use again: This Is Your Nation on Steroids
The New Havana Red 
Whisenhunt sacrificed ego to hide bag of tricks
Jose Canseco: Mark McGwire, Tony La Russa lying about PEDs 
San Diego among 18 cities that make the cut in U.S. FIFA World Cup bid
New York Knicks say haunted hotel was a problem before loss to Thunder
47-year-old former Heisman Trophy winner Herschel Walker prepares to make his MMA debut later this month.
Tennessee Volunteers name Kippy Brown as interim head coach
Supreme Court to hear NFL antitrust suit today
Jim Mora calling Pete Carroll a cheater?
United States Soccer Federation unveils an 18 city bid for the 2018 or 2022 World Cup
Japanese Man Ties Record For Catching Biggest Large-mouth Bass
NFL Playoff Picks: Divisional Round
Monta Ellis' Amazing Circus Shot
[Harrison] stood on the sidewalk and calmly raised his wiry arms. In each hand, Nixon clearly saw, was a gun.
The pay-per-view event we would ALL like to see
La. Tech's Dooley may become coach at Tennessee
A juicing Big Mac: Mark McGwire's steroid use leaves more answers than questions
No Official World Cup song For England, FA Confirms 
UT picks up Derek Dooley to replace Lane Kiffin as Vols' head coach
NBA Star Gilbert Arenas Pleads Guilty To Felony Gun Charge, Faces Jail Time
Good cop, Bad cop - Is WADA going too far in its quest to keep sports free of drugs? 
It's the playoffs. It ain't no regular-season game. If you lose, you go home. We take no pity on them. Do they expect us to? I don't care about no Brooking. He can say whatever he wants to say.
Female powerlifter pukes under deadlift attempt
What happened to kickers in the playoffs?
The Tasmanian devils were coming from Dallas that were about to bombard the state of Minnesota and run through us like Sherman through the South.
Stephon Marbury to join Shanxi of Chinese Basketball Association 
Kurt Warner discusses his future. Promises not to be Favre-Like.
Your 2010 NBA Dunk Contest Participants Are ... 
Using my collection of The Complete Peanuts, I've done my best to find every baseball-related strip produced and tally up any relevant stats that they reveal.
Stephon Marbury joins CBA (Chinese Basketball Association)
Figure skater Johnny Weir gets a reality show
Holy Cow! Computer program automatically writes baseball game reports
GOD DAMNIT DONALD!
US Olympic snowboarding hopeful Danny Davis out due to car accident
Do not bet against Mexico [vid]
Dolphin Stadium to become Sun Life Stadium
Patrice Cormier's vicious elbow. It's not his first time either. [video]
Buffalo Bills hire ex-Dallas Cowboys, Georgia Tech coach Chan Gailey as coach - ESPN
Vols Fans Want to Name a Building for Lane Kiffin, Specifically a Sewage Center
Kevin Garnett chosen in NBA Player Poll: Biggest Trash Talker 
Mets are the least efficient team of the decade; Marlins the most efficient.
Arenas Contract Could Become Conundrum for N.B.A. 
No one scores 20,000 points against the Jazz...not even Tim Duncan
Seeing is Disbelieving - How McGwire is like Godzilla
Please help me find a song that was the anthem to the Fifa world cup once.
With the Winter Olympics set to begin in Vancouver in about three weeks, Canadian Olympic organizers have run into an unusual problem - a lack of snow
Kobe Bryant becomes the youngest NBA player ever to reach 25,000 points.
Kobe Becomes 15th Player To Reach 25k Points
Prince Dedicates Worst Fight Song Ever to Vikings
Mets Acquire Gary Matthews Jr. From Angels 
New York Jets are among the playoff leaders in superstitious traits
Phys Ed: Will Olympic Athletes Dope if They Know It Might Kill Them? - Well Blog - NYTimes.com
Van Nistelrooy shows brain, joins Hamburg.
This seems like a tedious process...see how they pack snow on a ski jump [vid]
Knicks suffer their worst home loss to the Mavericks, with a margin of 50 points.
YouTube - BRETT FAVRE INTERCEPTION (1/24/10)
Colts hoping experience pays Super Bowl dividends -half the team has SB exp
Benitez changed the subject when asked about Juventus.
Bode Miller will try to qualify for the U.S. Open - Fourth-Place Medal  - Olympics Blog - Yahoo! Sports
Ochocinco News Network: Chad at the Pro-Bowl
hedo's awkward post-game interview
John Daly retires 
Shane Mosley and Floyd Mayweather Jr. agree to fight
Sports fans - what is your take on the Hall of Fame?
LIVE : Australian Open - Andy Murray v Roger Federer
Hardest Hitters in NFL History 
Will Favre Be Back? NFL Stars Weigh In
Watching New Orleans is like watching an outdoor cocktail party play football. - Gregg Easterbrook at his finest.
FREE Super Bowl Word Search (I'm sure there's a drinking game in there somewhere) and a prediction- first OT in Super Bowl history
The wild ride one unlikely player  took to get to the Super Bowl 
Mike Dunleavy steps down, will remain Los Angeles Clippers GM - NBA - SI.com
Thinking men's games
Randy Couture stops Mark Coleman at UFC 109  
Second Fantasy baseball league set up for Reddit on Yahoo - Reddit Big Leagues (ID# 169330)
Glavine retires, takes job as special assistant with Braves
New Silverstone layout to be used for 2010 British GP
Live webcam of Olympic torch relay from Vancouver
20 Years ago Yesterday.....
Team USA Opening Ceremonies Hats
All-Time Medal Standings Winter Olympics. Norway, a country of 4.5m people leads...
Men's doubles luge...yeah...
This video made me start longboarding, then I broke my arm. This video broke my arm.
Monster waves slam into Mavericks surfing competition spectators Saturday 2/13; 13 hurt
Olympic figure skating gets the scoring scandal it deserves - E.M. Swift - SI.com
Former Olympics Skater Now a Nun
If you live in England you'll know what the press are doing to the national squad before the World Cup - this is a little come back!
Super Skinny: Olympic ski jumpers are so skinny that their governing body has made rules to incentivize healthy BMIs. Wow.
Have Olympic athletes done all they can?
Is This the Most Powerful Man in Sports? Meet Worldwide Wes, the man who knows everyone, and who everyone wants to know.
Cavs, Wizards and Clippers agree in principle to a 3 team trade sending Antawn Jamison to Cleveland.
If you took away commercials, hosting, and human interest stories, about how much sports are shown every hour? 
Donte Stallworth is a Raven
American forward Charlie Davies is back in France and says he's a month from resuming training with Sochaux following a car accident.
German luger breaks tooth biting on silver medal.
The Big East's best: No. 1, Dion Lewis RB Pitt
Antawn Jamison made league history on Friday. The newly-acquired Cav's 0 for 12 shooting performance marked the worst debut the NBA has ever seen.
Whistler Sliding Centre is Stupid Fast
Videos: The 5 Greatest and Funniest Moments in the History of The Final Countdown
Does anyone know where you can watch the U.S. / Canada game today?
Video | Women's prelims: Canada vs United States | NBC Olympics - Now live online (also live on MSNBC)
This guy is blogging the Olympics and some of the events. Lots of pics to go along. Pretty cool. 
Herb Magee has a shot on Tuesday to surpass Bob Knight to become the NCAA's all-time wins leader as a coach in Men's Basketball...and I just heard about him.
Which sports have the highest disparity of skill/ability between amateur and professional?
Why do the olympic announcers keep calling everyone from the Great Britain team Scottish?
Soccer Redditors: I made this little site during my free time off university. I hope you enjoy it! If you like it please share it with others!
Herb Brooks Miracle on Ice speech - performed by 4 yr old Joshua Sacco - shown to Team USA 2010 before game against Canada
Pretty funny picture of some young Knicks fans
Oregon WR kicked off team after Facebook post
15 Hottest Female Figure Skaters of All Time [PICS]
Now that there are Reddit fantasy baseball leagues set up...
Fox News has completely abandoned checking even the most basic facts
Manny Ramirez, some day his talent will stop matching his mouth
More Bobsled Crashes on Dangerous Track
It is uncanny how well Randy Johnson fits the bowling role
Kent State Sports Network's Jon Jankowski Has Some Sideline Reporting Woes
 Olympic Plugins: Redfield Free Plugins take your sports pix to a new level
John Daly's underwear deal [SFW]
Men's Olympic Hockey Playoff Diagram
The Moves They Don’t Want You to See. Hard-to-spot mistakes figure skating judges look for.
N.H.L.’s Stance on Olympic Participation Faces Challenge 
Jody Flatt On Raising An Olympian:
Figure skater Rachael's mother shares her experiences grooming a world champion.
NBA investigates a lot, catches very little - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
This is why ESPN suspended Tony Kornheiser?! This is simply stupid!
Ole Miss students vote to replace Colonel Reb - ESPN
So Ole Miss is looking for a new mascot. Guess who is in the running?
LT's Emotional Farewell To SD.  We Still Love You!!!  
Bronco WR Brandon Marshall has been asking for a trade for a long time, and it's seemed like any athlete wanting out of a bad situation. Testimony today over Darrent Williams' murder says Marshall and his cousin disrespected the shooter. Isn't Marshall justified in wanting to start over?
Hey Sports Reddit, I'm doing the American Birkie next weekend. What's your favorite pre-race (or game/match/etc) song or video? Here's mine
How To Be A Skating Score Nerd: The Futile Search For Understanding
Figure Skating Judging System Rules
The Daily Dunk:Lance Stephenson: Today's Daily Dunk is another CRAZY one - Lance Stephenson on Mac Koshwal is definitely a NCAA Dunk of the Year candidate.
Memphis Grizzlies sending No.2 overall pick Hasheem Thabeet to D-League
Jeret Peterson's life inside the Hurricane - “When it comes down to it,” he said, “I strap pieces of wood and plastic on my feet, and I go off a pile of snow.”
Sad: American bobsledder detained by police. Sadder: Overcame a mom's an abused prostitute, eating out of garbage bags, getting high on weed hellish childhood.
Finally Wrote Down the Story of the Greatest Sports Play I've Ever Witnessed - Thought You Sports Redditors Might Like It...
Ice prince of Mexico
OU's McCoy a better fit/better player for Rams than Suh
Ex NBA All Star Alvin Robertson Charged With Sex Trafficking
Here is a picture of Charles Barkley in a hot tub with a rubber ducky!
MSNBC falls for prank caller pretending to be US Goalie Ryan Miller - he guaranteed a gold medal!
I Love Justyna Kowalczyk!!!
Olympic Shortfall - 14 Condoms Per Athlete Too Little
NFL could change overtime format for playoffs
Petra Majdic wins bronze medal in cross country with four cracked ribs and a collapsed lung. 
German pursuit skater slides across finish line on her stomach to beat U.S.
'Willie Mays - The Life, the Legend,' by James S. Hirsch 
In his second game back after a year of inactivity.  Tracy McGrady is already sitting out for an injury.  Congrats New York!
An ESPN chat broke out today, and the eventual return to competitive golf of Tiger Woods was discussed. And, as a result, Clio, Muse Of History, gulps 15 'ludes with a fifth of Virginia Gentleman, ties an anvil to her neck, and hurls herself into the Aegean Sea.
Arizona Cardinals plan to release Antrel Rolle
The Olympics By the Numbers...
CJ28's 40-time stands, Mays' official time bumped back to 4.43
Arsenal's vulnerability to physical opposition (WSC)
Ravens trade for wide receiver Anquan Boldin
The chicago bears go on a shopping spree: Julius Peppers, Chester Taylor and Brandon Manumaleuna.
Miami Dolphins release disgruntled LB Joey Porter, again - ESPN
Marquette coach busts out his dance moves
Report: Allen Iverson facing alcohol, gambling problems
Video: Longtime Boston Red Sox shortstop Nomar Garciaparra announces retirement - ESPN Chicago
Sources: Cleveland Browns looking to trade Brady Quinn, add another quarterback; Jake Delhomme to visit
Manchester United rolls into Champions League Quarterfinals
Marion Jones signs with WNBA's Tulsa Shock
Reddit Sports: potential March Madness Bracket?
#11 - today is not your day!! 
Natalie Randolph, Nation's Only Female High School Football Coach
Man of the Match Innings - IPL 2010 MATCH 2
Why doesn't the greatest fighter in the world, Fedor Emelianenko, have any matches lined up?
Where is a good online spot to get autographed sports memorabilia? 
Mouthguards may boost athletes' performance
50 Greatest Charles Barkley Quotes
Well, that's further than I can jump. Kudos!
What is your fav website or software to manage your NCAA bracket?
Whereabouts of former NCAA Tourney one hit wonders.  Here's an example - Yinka Dare (Dead).
In motor sport there's nothing like a simple points system to enable fans to easily keep track of the score. So WTF is this?
Whats the difference?
Reddit March Madness  Tournament Challenge on ESPN. If you filled out a bracket on ESPN, join this group.
Bears release vet cornerback Vasher
Video: Chris Paul Does Paranormal Activity
Rangers manager Ron Washington failed drug test for cocaine 
So, what's everyone's first round upset pick(s) this year?
In honor of March Madness beginning today, here's a compilation of 75 incredible basketball trick shots
Ducks 911 Call: 'M-A-S-O-L-I, Like The Football Player' - Oregon Ducks - Deadspin
Murray State (13) upsets Vandy (4) in final second.
University of Michigan to host their first ever night game in 2011 against Notre Dame
Really AccuScore? 
With Boxing at the front of everyone's mind here's a great piece on Meldrick Taylor
Video: Down goes Seabrook, out goes Wisniewski?
Washington: I also used marijuana, amphetamines - MLB - Yahoo! Sports
Poor Edmonton Oilers
New rule changes for NFL. Better be booth reviewed. 
'My name is Josh Smith, and I used to shoot three-pointers.'
More Confusion Over Lane Violation Rules
Tips To Get The Most Out Of The 2010 Yankees Individual Game Ticket Sale
Oscar Freire wins 101st Milano - San Remo
Finally Meeting 'The Serena Line Judge' -- Tennis FanHouse
UNI wrecked a lot of brackets
France hold off England to complete rugby grand slam (first sonce 2004, ninth ever)
Frozen Four: Miami University earns NCAA hockey top seed
Video: NBA's new playoff ad 'Steppin' Up' - Ball Don't Lie - NBA Blog - Yahoo! Sports
Bills Entice Potential Ticket Buyers With Punt From Own End Zone Shining Moment 
Now that the Sweet 16 teams are set, whom do you have in your Final Four?
Nothern Iowa fans greet team at airport upon return after upset of Kansas
Lionel Messi gets his 11th goal in 5 games, 8 in a week, and second consecutive league hat trick. I do believe I have a bit of a man crush.
Sunday's Top 10
Video: Michigan State star loses tooth on block attempt - The Dagger - NCAAB Blog - Yahoo! Sports
Lance Armstrong/Kornheiser Feud Forces Clear Channel To Ban Cycling Talk
Is there a r/sports fantasy baseball league? Would anyone be interested in one?
Reddit, become acquainted with one of the best goaltenders of all time. 
Antoine Walker learned gambling from Jordan but won't admit it: I would never bet what MJ bet. Michael would have smacked the s--- out of me if I did that.
SportsReddit: How does DeJuan Blair Play without ACLs??
West Virginia guard Bryant breaks foot, out for rest of tournament
Now I want a 3-D TV, Rangers vs. Islanders in 3-D Tomorrow
Which shot was bigger?
Co-Driver's Story of The $500 Craigslist Rally Car
Hockey makes TV Debut in 3D
Sink or swim. That's March Madness. Should opinions on pro potential be formed entirely on tournament performance? Of course not. That's ridiculous. But in a perfect world, Madness accentuates opinions we're already thinking and feeling. What are those things?
Lewis Hamilton apologises after car impounded by police 
Year 2350: Salary Caps, Cloned Players in MLB and Still No Competitive Balance
I work for a soccer team run by a transplant recipient, and will spend the next year playing only charity games. If you live in or near San Diego, come check us out. 
Bob the Angry Flower - Sporting
Did you not get the memo? [Stacey King game call Remix]
NFL All-Pro Joey Porter Arrested
Knuckleball - You're not expected to hit it. [I am] expected to catch it. 
Ben Roethlisberger - Yahoo! News Photos
Nets Cut Short Victory Celebration After Realizing They're Still Terrible
'One and Done' Is for Losers 
Fantasy Baseball Trade Help...
Maradona attacked by pet dog 
So I need an offensive fantasy team name...
A Tribute to Jason Werth Shaving His Beard
Gus Johnson giving play by play of a bulldog humping a teady bear
Where can I find streams of Olympic Sports?
'75 Red Sox World Series hero: I played every game high
Steve Phillips has a new job [video]
Karma
Joe Torre employs April Fool's joke while promoting Blake DeWitt 
Knowledge does more harm than good in NCAA brackets
California surfer receives whale of an escort during marathon paddle
Indy Star apologizes for drawing target on Coach K 
Bosox's Bernie Carbo says he was stoned during '75 World Series 
Indy paper goes after Coach K.
Bulls rally to stay alive
Fabian Cancellara wins 2010 Tour of Flanders
[NBA] Man, one of the two interesting teams in the 
Eastern conference just lost their best player.  Stupid injuries.  
NFL Draft - 2010 Mock Drafts 
World Cup: Murder Could Trigger Race War
Rams release quarterback Marc Bulger - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Duke stops Butler's challenge to win fourth title for Coack K
Iranian women’s soccer team banned for the Youth Olympic Games : No Hijab On The Field 
Steve Donohue from Cornell is the new BC Basketball Coach!
Catch Yourself Some Meat - New Video from The Pirates Scoreboard this Season
Chris Bosh breaks his face in lost to Cavs.
Some Photos I took on Opening Day at Nationals Stadium
Windsurfers can jump pretty damn high...

60 feet enough for you??
17 years ago. 

Messi has still got it...
Jets courting the Dolphin's Taylor
World Cup 2010 Game Schedule
Champion's League:  Man U v. Bayern Munich.  Nani's back heel goal!!!
DAE remember when the Western conference was this close?
state championship game - 21 years later
Is MLB TV Premium worth the price?
Wall among 5 Wildcats heading to NBA - College Basketball - Rivals.com
Does anyone know where I can find a video of Rick Ankiel's NLDS meltdown in 2001?
Lionel Messi scores 4(!) goals against Arsenal to knock them out of the Champions League
UFC Wants to Put on an Event in Afghanistan - Will it be Televised?
Haynesworth may represent the biggest failed investment of Daniel Snyder's tenure, and that's saying something.
The Final That Never Was: England vs. Brazil 1970
Slovenian hockey team wins national title; beats up coach.
University of North Dakota is no longer the Fighting Sioux
Wait, wait, I can adopt a griffin?!? Sign me up! Oh.......wait....
Does anyone know where I can stream baseball games (audio or video)?
[tennis] Just the best. Dang it, Federer.
Report: Mascot Tackling Out of Control
Yankees, Red Sox, or the field, who does Reddit have winning the World Series?
In the fourth game of his first full season as a professional ball player, Cincinnati CF Drew Stubbs slams the door on the Cubs with a go-ahead grand slam in the eighth inning.
Spain's footballers call strike over wages
NFL Full Contact on TruTV, anyone else watching this?
Texas Stadium imploded (with video)
Chan Ho Park Ate Something Funky
New York Jets acquire Santonio Holmes from Pittsburgh for 5th-round pick
Jets new WR Holmes suspended 4 games - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
 Baseball Hall of Fame curator Tom Shieber has done some research into the 19th-century police medal that’s usually cited as the source of the Yankees’ interlocking NY logo
Urban Meyer's Still A Dick To The Media, Even At The Masters - Urban Meyer - Deadspin
LA Lakers set for NBA clash with Minnesota Timberwolves in London
Let's see your best World Cup related music here!
A police dog donated by Ben Roethlisberger has been suspended for an unwanted assault on an underage girl while kicking back after work.
John Paxson shoved coach Vinny Del Negro twice in the chest and had to be restrained in a postgame confrontation...
How Did That False Amy Mickelson-Michael Jordan Rumor Start Anyway? - Phil Mickelson - Deadspin
100 Million new payroll plateau for success in Major League Baseball
Brandon Marshall is headed to the Dolphins!! Fin fans rejoice!!
Overwhelmed by Law School, KU Law Student Declares for NBA Draft
Barry Bonds says he's 'proud' of former rival Mark McGwire - ESPN
TIL Atlanta's first professional baseball team was named the Atlanta Crackers.  Seriously.  Oh, and the Negro League team there was called the Atlanta Black Crackers.
Patrick Kane rejects playoff beard in favor of 'trashy' mullet - Puck Daddy - NHL Blog - Yahoo! Sports
NHL playoffs match-up previews
Goodell: Decision on Roethlisberger in near future - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Steelers open to trading Roethlisberger!
Browns talk to Rams about No. 1 pick
Eye black messages banned in NCAAF
Witness: Ben Roethlisberger bodyguard 'dragged' woman
Anyone seeing submissions from a month ago on /r/sports frontpage?
Big Ben's Beef Jerky pulled from store shelves.
WVU fan who was visited in hospital by Da'Sean Butler dies.  :(
If the Sharks don't make it out of the first round, they should dump Nabakov.
Come on CBC, what's with the Jr. Varsity team doing the Bruins/Sabres game today?!
CIS football player is charged with steriod trafficking and a string of break and enters.  CFL to test players for steriods as a result.   
Ubaldo Jimenez pitches no-hitter versus the Braves
Anyone see the Caps-Habs game?
WBC lightweight champion Edwin Valero detained in Venezuela on suspicion of killing his wife - ESPN
2005 NFL Redraft
Stepping Up - NBA Playoffs 2010 Promo Commercial
Game Over - Gagne Tells French Website He's Retiring
Sports ads tend to be some of my favorite, do you have any in particular you like?
Goodell: Roethlisberger violated NFL policy - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Can someone please provide me with a good source for streaming World Cup games? 
Colorado Rockies president Keli McGregor found dead in Salt Lake City Hotel Room
Cartoon reenactment of Grant Napear's bizarre, expletive-filled exchange with Tyreke after a game.
Minnesota Vikings-New Orleans Saints rematch set to open NFL season 
I'm impressed by your wit, ESPN.
Cincinnati Reds' Edinson Volquez fails performance enhancing drugs test, gets suspended
Major League Baseball gives back to the tune of $3 million - if you can put together a 57-game hitting streak
The Inconvenient Truth Behind the Ohio State Draft Mystique.
Video of Lawrence Frank Cussing on ESPN First Take
Big Ben suspension fair, but not for the reason you think
Quentin Groves traded from Jaguars to Raiders
Bill Walton was suicidal over back pain, is done broadcasting forever.
Nike's Women Problem
Race factors into draft status
Tim Tebow and the Psychology of Betting on Human Resolve
32 picks, four trades, one Tim Tebow sighting: The 
NFP's final mock draft
A Funny Piece from A Phillies Fan who works in New York and is Getting Shit about the Philly Puker
Manchester United fans attack club over 'cynical' ticket charge
				Football |
				The Guardian
Is This the Most Powerful Man in Sports?: Profiles: GQ
On St Georges Day back England for the 2018 World Cup!
Street handball players show prowess around Southern California
It gets more hype than ever, but NFL draft is still crapshoot
George Will on Baseball
Survey. What people would go without if it guaranteed their team would win the World Cup
A-Rod crosses over pitchers mound: fair or foul?
How is this still relevant after 4 years have passed?
Konkuri -- No-sweat online publishing of (amateur) sports &amp; games tournaments
Dazed and Confused Starring Ben Roethlisberger
Football : Manchester United 3 - 1 Tottenham Hotspur
Strange tumble may ultimately benefit Clausen - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Matt Millen - Polish Apology?
Joe Nathan's rehab recovery:  I wish ESPN did more kinds of stories like these
When was the last time 7 of the 8 first round matchups in the NHL playoff went to six games?
Brandon Roy surprising early return from injury assists the Blazers to beat the Suns 96-87 - NBA
Which team had the best draft? Worst draft?
Patriots release Thomas
Your favorite top plays?  
Red Sox have deal with Cuban catcher Adalberto Ibarra
Worldwide community for groundhopping soccer fans started just in time for World Championship
Andrew Bogut, sidelined, still finding a way to contribute
Scott Sicko changes mind, signs with Cowboys
Damn, Banjo! [vid]
Dolphins GM sorry for Dez Bryant prostitue query
Ride along as the Ferrari 599XX sets the track record at the Nurburgring!
nice slide tackle (NSFM, not safe for men)
Canadiens upset the Washington Capitals!
Not to take anything away from Curry or Evans, but I'd rather have Brandon Jennings: Bucks take 3-2 lead over Atlanta!
Nuggets fight back to make the series 3-2
Silverstone unveils new GP layout
Miguel Olivo is the Toughest Player in Baseball
MLB Union opposes new Arizona immigration law (caution: enter comment section at ESPN at your own risk)
WOAH, did I just see a commercial from the Fans of Carmelo Anthony in Utah?!
The Fight Before The Fight: Boxing Press Conference Brawls
Even masterful jockey Borel will be challenged at Preakness in 2 weeks
For Action-Sports Enthusiasts, There’s Tough Mudder’s Grueling Course
Last Night's Winner: Off-Track Betting - Kentucky Derby - Deadspin
Del Negro is out.  
Report: Roethlisberger spends weekend at clinic - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Derby Day Video Recap: A Mad Dash Across Porta-Potty Rooftops, Mudwrestling, And Bad Techno (NSFW) - Mudwrestling - Deadspin
LP Field Will Soon Be Suitable Only For Water Polo (Photo Update) - Tennessee Titans - Deadspin
 Stories Behind Crazy Sport Traditions 
The Tennessee Titans' stadium is under water (with pics)
California H.S. pitcher ties state record, throws third straight no-hitter
10 Most Famous Stolen Bases in MLB History
This man is a beast
Hall of Fame Broadcaster Ernie Harwell dies at the age of 92.
Ernie Hardwell Dead: Tigers Broadcaster Dies At 92
Gamechangers Ep 3.  With Hank Azaria (Sorry for the blogspam... funnyordie took the video down)
A second idiot ran onto the field during the phillies game tonight... no taser this time...
Gagner roulette
Lakers grind out win over Jazz, lead series 2-0 - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
Smooth move ex-lax player!
Poker stud
Ernie Harwell: Long gone, never forgotten - USATODAY.com
Farewell Ernie Harwell, you'll be sorely missed.
Strategies de poker
Bob Houghton resigns as national coach - All India Today
Overheard in my office..Philly sports fans;
Take me out to the ballgame:  Memories of baseball while growing up in the 70s.
Big Ben not so big now.
Milton Bradley goes to a new team. Does bad. Gets angry. Blames everyone else. Rinse. Repeat.
Jared Allen at his best
Dancing with the Stars: Erin Andrews &amp; Maksim Chmerkovskiy - Quickstep
Dancing with the Stars: Erin Andrews &amp; Maksim Chmerkovskiy - Quickstep
Politi: Passion could set Mike Rice apart from disappointing Rutgers coaches of the past. As a Rutgers fan, one can only hope.
Man behaving badly: SI details lewd, crude Roethlisberger - Shutdown Corner - NFL Blog - Yahoo! Sports
Niese could have used some greenies today
Great. The one time in all of recorded history they try to enforce the penalty against diving.
Video from inside the Patriots war room during draft day
Take me out to the ballgame:  Memories of baseball on the radio in the 1970s.
Track Player News from dozens of sources at once
Penn State's New Twelfth Man Is Science: Beaver Stadium's new student section based on acoustic research
Game of golf ends in cliff plunge
Australian Rules football team berated for Hooters sponsorship deal
What's the Oldest Expansion Team You Still Just Can't 
Accept as a Real Team?
5-time NBA Champion Steve Kerr's father, who was then serving as president of the American University of Beirut, was assassinated by suspected militant nationalists in Beirut, in 1984.
Adam 'Pacman' Jones signs two-year deal with Cincinnati Bengals - ESPN
Cubs Starlin Castro sets MLB record for most RBI's in debut game
LT's wife in 1987: Linda says she hopes her husband has slowed down, that he will take advantage of his second chance.
Why Athletes Are Geniuses-Neuroscientists have found several ways in which the brains of top-notch athletes seem to function better than those of regular folks...They  managed to rewire their brains according to certain rules;become more efficient;learn how to make sense of a new situation sooner.
Just got Andrew Bailey bobblehead at the Oakland A's game...
The Brewers' Jody Gerut hits for the cycle
TIGER withdraws from Players Championship with an upper back injury.. 
Cavs give courtside tickets to Game 5 vs. the Celtics to Ray Towler, who was released after 29 years in prison for a rape he didn't commit.
MLB fans, do you think Jermaine Dye will get signed, and where?
Canucks Earn Game 6 After Win Against Chicago
Why Mourinho Shouldn't Ever Manage United
Barbie Carpenter swapped for shitty, error prone Rams failure...It's about all you could expect
Phillies Bring In Bruise Specialist For Bad Boo Boo
Straight to the face Canoe Polo style!
Benny the Bull on Jerry Springer 
Classic Menino!
Hank Haney resigns as Woods' swing coach
2010 World Cup: Charlie Davies' attempt to make U.S. World Cup team after near-fatal accident falls short.
Brazil's squad lose the fat for the world cup, Adriano and Ronaldinho out | Global News Hound
BBC Sport - Football - Patrick Vieira and Samir Nasri 
left out by France
BBC Sport - Football - Wednesday's gossip column - 
transfers and rumours
And then you go back to the other starter, and go back to your third guy, who was now the second guy who became your first guy, who was your cousin's, brother's, sister's friend. But it has been a little odd.
Tiger Woods says on website MRI showed inflamed neck - ESPN
Leighton keeps Flyers alive as Bruins are first since '75 Isles to blow 3-0 series lead
For sale: 'Field of Dreams' farm in Iowa for $5.4 million in Dyersville, Iowa
Beckham hands over England 2018 World Cup bid
Cushing denies banned substance use; believed he had tumors.
The genetic makings of an athlete
Are there any redditors in Madrid with access to tickets for the Champions League final?
Hawks let Mike Woodson go
For sale: the 'Field of Dreams' farm in Iowa for $5.4 million  
22 y.o. former high school basketball star goes back to high school and leads team to state playoffs
US Gymnast gets bronze medal... 10 years later
England 2018 World Cup Bid In Trouble
NCAA Lacrosse Tournament (not about UVA)
India files complaint against harassment of shooters in UK
BBC Sport - Football - Monday's gossip column - 
transfers and rumours
Rafael Nadal denies he is favourite to win the French Open after beating Roger Federer
World Cup 2010 - FIFA Releases Lists Of All Provisional Squads
Lou Piniella addresses Cubs' struggles
Driver jumps from flaming Lotus racer during 24 hour race at the Nurburgring
First-time surfers - Think it's scary?  Imagine if you are disabled.  Pretty courageous people...and a great guy teaching them
The Secret of Matty's Curves Scientifically Solved (New York Times, 1912, explaining how a curveball works)
Salty tries out new routine for throwing problems
Florida seems like the perfect place for Hanley: “There’s no doubt that Hanley wasn’t a guy you could just leave alone and say, ‘Hanley’s going to show up on time and get his work done and play hard tonight.’ You had to stay on him,” 
Mike Lowell says Boston Red Sox releasing him would be best for both parties
GOL! A reminder of what's to come next month...
Stoudemire's mother arrested
Wizards representative Irene Pollin hearing her team has won the first pick.
Athletic Bilbao vs 100 children
Manchester City Offer $35 Million For Aston Villa  and England Midfielder, James Milner
Rangers captain David Weir hopes to carry on playing next season - at the age of 40
The top 10 things we want to see this World Cup
Walking vs. the golf cart: There's a clear winner
Teenage spinner Neil Pinner devises double-bounce 
ball for Twenty20 matches
BBC News - Fifa admit World Cup sales in Africa 'poor'
Excellent article describing the gray area of HGH use in sports.
That's not what he meant when he said finger roll.
New Zealand’s second chance at World Cup Glory
David James eyes Portsmouth manager role
Battle of the Bernabeu - Will Football Win?
Match Fixing Unit Investigating Pakistan's Winless Tour to Australia (Cricket)
Need a reason to support Blackpool to get to the Premiership? Meet their manager.
Shaquille O'Neal in high school.  Watch the video.
Congrats to Nero Azuri and The Special One
Florida International's Garrett Wittels extends hit streak to 48 games for second place
Fun pro team logos close-up quizzes from Sporcle.com
Philaldephia 76ers, Doug Collins agree to 4-year deal
Do you hate a player enough to do this to him? [see sponsor's message]
Tennis star's racy fashion statement
Germany hit by injury to Traesch
Lassana Diarra is Out from the 2010 FIFA World Cup Due to Intestine Injury
Michigan self-imposes penalties
McDaniels: No QB subject of trade talks
Please tell LeBron James to stay with Cavs
A Pattern of Sibling Risk-Taking in the Major Leagues 
Milton Bradley opens up about why he asked Mariners for help
Diego Maradona demands £1,600 luxury toilets at World Cup 
NFL Owners table vote on regular-season OT change
Jared Allen shaves mullet; Nation mourns
Zach Randolph Implicated in Major Drug Investigation
When I woke up this morning wondering which professional black athlete would go broke next, I didn't think much about baller Eddie Curry.
Tampa Bawww: Scribes Cry Foul Over Northeast Super Bowl
Javier Hernandez acquires permit to seal Man Utd move
Tigers Limp Home After Getting Swept In Seattle, Finish Road Trip 3-4
New Orleans Saints' Jeremy Shockey taken to hospital
Usain Bolt just missed Michael Johnson's 300m record
Chief's Bowe claims he didn't sell teammates down the river.  ESPN claims it has the tape of the conversation.
Kass: With the Blackhawks in Stanley Cup finals, thoughts turn to Bobby Hull - chicagotribune.com
Tonight's referee assignments. Tim Donaghy's reaction: Orlando should dust off their golf clubs.
hard 2 take trash talkers srsly when they typ liek dis
Now we know why Lendale was cut by the Seahawks - 4 game suspension for failing a drug test.  I guess we know how he lost all that weight.
The 20 worst contracts in sports history
Great World cup calendar - Filter by country, group, day and city. All in one view.
So I'm watching the indy 500 for the 
first time in a long time...
French Open: Serena rolls on; Djokovic knocks out Ginepri
Plaxico got off easy
Roland Garros Day 9 – Preview | Get Sports News
Inventor Tory Weber still hangs on to his dream of getting heated ice skates accepted by pro hockey
What's it like to be Bryce Harper? - MLB - Yahoo! 
Sports
Antonio Pierce says Coughlin on hot seat
The Coolest Bikes on Two (Or More) Wheels
Rivers on Perkins: It's going to happen
Number 1 Seed Serena Williams latest victim of Samantha Stosur
Could Donovan McNabb and Brian Westbrook reunite in Washington?
Jurgen Melzer, a top 30 tennis pro that has never been past the 3rd round of a Slam, beats Djokovic in 5 sets to reach his first ever Slam semi at the age of 29!
Doug Gottlieb Does Not Like Your Taunts
With stealing and taunting, Chris Pronger leads by example
Stand up paddle boards - Stand up paddle boarding Sydney - SUP Australia
Even Michael Jordan's statue is a company man - 
Ball Don't Lie  - NBA&amp;nbsp; - Yahoo! Sports
Overdone sports celebrations getting silly and dangerous | Seattle Times Newspaper
Controversial Call ruins 21st Perfect Game in Baseball | Your Take, Redditors?
How a Soccer Star is Made - profile of the Ajax training academy
How a Soccer Star is Made
Is there a place on the internet where I'll be able to watch the World Cup legally this year?
Bode Miller has modest goals - enters into U.S. Open qualifying tournament... in tennis.
Football : World Cup guide - Spain
When you find yourself needing help from Jose Canseco, your world has officially flipped it's lid.
World Cup 2010: Top Five Worst Value Bets
World Cup Fans to Employers: Show the Games at Work…or Else.
Pac-10 set to invite 6 Big-12 Schools to a super conference
Anyone else remember getting this baseball card?  ('89 Upper Deck Ken Griffey Jr.) [pic]
Armando Galarraga And Jim Joyce: A Study In Sportsmanship
If you want coverage of the NHL finals its best to head north of the border.
Anyone know anything more about this?: In 1991, a panel headed by then-commissioner Fay Vincent took a look at the record book and decided to throw out 50 no-hitters for various reasons.
New York City launches the C'mon Lebron campaign
How many home runs might Ken Griffey Jr. have hit if he had stayed reasonably healthy? 
John Wooden in Hospital Today
AL East is currently STACKED!
“It’s a good thing Thurman Munson died in a plane crash, or he would have become a designated hitter!  How awful!”
Hockey's Influence In Newark
NFL teams takes a look at concussion research
UCLA legend John Wooden gravely ill 
UCI denies mechanical doping has been used but says they're getting scanners to check the inside of the bikes.
Statistical analysis shows that baseball is the most competitive American sport when payroll discrepancies are considered. 
Lots of Conference switching going on in NCAA
The reason the Orioles are doing so badly have nothing to do with Dave Trembley
 Audi Sponsors 'Best Buddies' Football Game With Tom Brady
2010 FIFA World Cup Coverage: Best Atlanta Area Soccer Bars
Cool interactive graphic showing the evolution of the World Cup ball.
Scouting report on Bryce Harper glows until it comes to attitude - Big League Stew - MLB - Yahoo! Sports
Pac-10 plus Big 12 equals smoke but no fire
Didier Drogba may miss World Cup after fractured elbow.
Rugby 7's championship this weekend
'Fabio Acapella' - Awesome World Cup Song
Question about Olympic coaches
Pratfall undoes progress as Bangladesh flop and Steven Finn gets lucky | Sport | The Guardian
Brevard County Manatees rename BP to hitting rehearsal due to oil spill in Gulf
Yo! This is for all Yo-Yo lovers out there!
Pac-10 gives expansion the go-ahead
Rumor: Big Ten invites Nebraska, Notre Dame, Missouri, Rutgers
Michigan State AD says Cavs have not offered Izzo a contract
Best bar promotion ever: Domestic bottled beers priced at Milton Bradley's batting average
Polian: Colts likely to reach deal with Manning - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
10 Most Valuable Sports Team Brands Worldwide for 2010 (sorry it's a slide show).
A tribute to the late John Wooden by Bill Plaschke (a little late, but a great read)
Couldn't agree more?
To woo LeBron James, David Geffen seeking 51 percent of Los Angeles Clippers from Donald Sterling
A 3-year-old girl's skull is fractured after being hit by a line drive during batting practice at Dodger Stadium

Free Stream of Stephen Strasburg's debut here, only when he pitches though
Stephen Strasburg- 21 Years- Strikes out 14 with 2.57 ERA in MLB debut
Divot: a piece of grass torn up by a golf club in striking a ball.
Celtics coach stashes players' money in the Lakers' locker room months ago, confident that his team would return to collect the savings.
Google Earth's Newest Accomplishment: 3D Maps of All The World Cup Hosting Stadiums!
For one night, Stephen Strasburg proved that hype isn't necessarily a four-letter word. For one night, he actually performed higher than the over-the-top coverage he was receiving.
U.S. and British embassies have a friendly gamble on World Cup
Portuguese photographer held up at gunpoint at World Cup
Watch out Pac 10, Here Come The Horns
Does Lebron really want to be a big fish in the biggest of ponds?
Blackhawks win Stanley Cup in Overtime after 49 year drought! 
CBC Montage of '10 NHL Playoffs
officially unofficial entry for  world cup song (England)
Anyone know of a good sports betting website to put a couple bucks on the World Cup matches?
Make your own world cup predictions in Excel
It seems that cursing out a World Cup Ref in English would not be a wise idea.  I'd recommend they use Esperanto instead.
I'm suffering from post-Strasburg-debut depression.
The Dodgers Hired A Wizard, For Six Figures, To Send Good Vibes
Ronaldo v. Ronaldinho (XKPC Team)
John Daly Sues Non-Profit Children Hospital &amp; Others for 100 Million Dollars
2010 World Cup Referees gearing up for US/England match by learning English swear words
First Official Pac-16 Video
Pete Carroll responds to NCAA sanctions imposed on USC
Colorado accepts invitation to join Pac-10
Remember Kendry Morales's  walk-off-grand-slam-celebration injury? He had surgery to repair the broken bone today, and it turns out that he'll be gone for the remainder of the season.
2010 World Cup Likability Rankings, Or How To Pick Your Team In Scientific Fashion
NFLPA files challenge to TV deals
Send a message across the pond.  Balls to the Brits and Balls to the Yanks happens tomorrow.
Is Mike Tyson Planning A Major Comeback? Exclusive Inside Track Into The Rumors and Iron Mike's Stunning Weight Loss!
The Stunning Truth Behind Mike Tyson's Weight Loss!
Oklahoma AD Joe Castiglione: 'It feels like somebody died' with Nebraska's impending move from Big 12
World Cup Referees Brush Up on Swear Words in 17 Languages
15% off MLB store - Use code PEP15
Mauer makes an awesome catch behind the screen.
Live feed of the University of Nebraska board of regents meeting beginning at 1:00 p.m Central Time. What will they decide?
Yahoo World Cup Shootout Game to Raise $100k to Fight AIDS in Africa
Any tips on watching the BBC iPlayer World Cup broadcasts from the US?
Conference shuffle continues as Boise State moves from WAC to the Mountain West
Here are a few quotes from past World Cups to help ease the pain when the games aren't on
College Football's Most Valuable Teams - Forbes.com
Anyone know where I can watch the World Cup streaming online? I'm in Japan so no access to things like BBC/ESPN/etc. 
Today I learned you can just search for 'live world cup scores' in google and the results will be just what you expect!
The ABSOLUTE worst-case scenario for Baylor Athletics.
Former Celtics Rodney Rogers adapts to a new way of life
Judge orders debt-ridden Antoine Walker to stand trial
Frank and Jamie McCourt quietly hired a Russian emigre who calls himself a scientist and healer to tap into 'V energy'
Just a reminder to any fantasy baseball redditors
Buffon injured picking the ball out of the back of the net.....
Okay so we can't judge Robert Green's career on this one mistake... how about two?
Breaking- Texas has turned down a Pac-10 invite and Texas A&amp;M is not SEC bound.
Welcome to the University of Texas Conference
Those horns blasting during World Cup games are topic of debate
Saved Situation - Big 12 Conference - Official Athletic Site
Poll: Who is the Celtics' most important player?
World Cup 2010: 'anti-vuvuzela filter' could cancel out noise of horns - Telegraph
New Zealand-Slovakia Highlights - NZ Draws with a last minute goal! 
K...Is the infamous Jabulani World Cup ball really as erratic as some claim? Or is this another example of Soccer/Football 'theatrics' at play ?
How the Big 12 was saved (or how the P16 was cockblocked)
University Of Waterloo Steroids Scandal: Football Team Suspended Entirely
The Economics of the World Cup
Does it bother anyone else that Albert Haynesworth nearly killed a guy on the field and got rewarded with a contract that would make Goldman Sachs blush?
Honduras Make World Cup History As Team Is First To Have Three Brothers In The Same Squad!
Patriots' Mankins: 'I want to be traded'
Yankees' Long-Forgotten Mascot When you go up into the upper deck, they want to see if you can fly.
Go Switzerland, Go!!!
According to espn, Kendrick Perkins done for game 7
BBC mulls vuvuzela free option for viewers
Rick Gosselin's NFL rankings: Colts, Cowboys take top honors
Abby Sunderland Defends Failed Quest to Sail Around World
Pothead LenDale White too lazy to find a job, asks God to do it for him while he casts the first stone at Pete Carroll
Shocked by the Swiss? You Shouldn't Be (Matchday Live! USA)
Serious discussion on changing the NFL regular season to 18 games.
Saints Get Their Rings!
Parreira blasts referee for crippling S Africa dream 
The Dog Who Saved the World Cup for England 
International soccer managers like Diego Maradona are the strangest men in sports.
Flyer Daniel Briere and son involved in car accident which resulted in a tractor-trailer rollover. 
The last time Mexico beat France. . . Congrats guys!
He really is the Zen Master: During many timeouts, instead of talking to the team, Jackson will instruct them to reenact the meditation session by sitting together on the sideline to share a breath.
Even the Royal Ascot is getting behind the Vuvuzela craze!
Mark Cavendish Takes Out Peleton in the Tour de Suisse
Ivory Coast captain Drogba poised for Brazil start 
Golf: Atwal off to feeble start in maiden US Open 
Injury woes for Denmark ahead of Cameroon match 
Maradona and Pelé have been at loggerheads for years
JaMarcus Russell Reportedly Talking To The UFL's Omaha Nighthawks 
Commissioner Roger Goodell: NFL doesn't need 4 preseason games.  
Dear FIFA, which country again?
USA wins again!!! 2-2 vs Slovenia!
USA wins 2-2
Iverson will return - hopefully off the bench.
World Cup refs should be required to study diagrams like this before games:
Kobe's fifth title proves his most difficult - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
FIFA: Group Round Tie-breaker
The 10 Worst Team Thefts in Sports
U.S. and Slovenia draw in Group C thriller - CNN.com
How can anyone think this ref made the right call? (video)
Updated: FBI's most wanted list
Eliminate offsides in soccer?
Things Getting Too Physical In Jacksonville
FIFA Player Of The Year Ronaldo Almost Forgets To Thank His Feet
Most Thrilling Playoffs In Recent Memory Unfortunately Happen In Hockey
Fans Of High-Pitched Pinging Sounds Tune In For College World Series
Prince Fielder Satisfies Curiosity By Eating Small Handful Of Dirt
Video: Newsboy VS World Cup Pt 2
See also: Jim Joyce
Does anyone follow the WNBA?
fabio capello isn't very good
World Cup fans executed
This is how all press conferences should be
World Cup 2010 Twitter replay -- watch the frequency and contents of tweets sent during every World Cup match.  An animated infographic.
Hilarious Ron Artest post-game interview. (FULL)
Scenarios for the US team to advance in the World Cup
I am sure a lot of you have played tennis. Has anybody played Real Tennis?
A US win versus Algeria next Wednesday is one of three possible scenarios that advance them to the knockout round of the World Cup
Interesting questions, facts, and information about FIFA World Cup. Like, which country hosted the first World Cup finals?...Odd color scheme though.
I'm watching the US Open and I can't stand Chris Berman.
Tim Donaghy On Game 7: How The League Influences A Series
Which team is most likely to win the soccer World Cup in South Africa, Who Are The Favorites To Win The World Cup? After the first matches what do you think?
Erick Aybar’s knee ‘just hit a wall’?
Where's the red challenge flag?
Amazing ace by Fuzzy Zoeller (old; worth seeing)
Chicago White Sox vs. Washington Nationals - Box Score - June 18, 2010 - ESPN
...I'm surprised Texas Rep. Joe Barton hasn't already called Malian referee Koman Coulibaly to apologize for the harsh criticism the official undoubtedly deserves.
FIFA investigating ref's bad call in U.S. Match
Australia Tie Ghana 1-1
Australia overcame the first-half dismissal of Harry Kewell to battle for a draw against Ghana that keeps their slim hopes of reaching the World Cup second round alive.  Ref was right to sent Kewell off?
internet remarks doom pierogi
Can LeBron James Learn From Karl Malone? - Freakonomics Blog - NYTimes.com
The vuvuzelas have invaded baseball :[
Will I be able to watch NFL and NCAA football games online while living in Sweden?  How?
Wimbledon update: Fed survives 1st round scare, battles back from 2 sets to love down, 5-3 down in 4th set. Wins 5th set 6-0. Scary moment for Federer fans.
Phillies Phan Phlops
World Cup referee who robbed U.S. may be out!
5 World Cup Trends &amp; Lessons: African Nations Falter...
Gordon to be targeted in New Hampshire
Mee Um Bumba Wayyy!
Forget the Vuvuzelas!  Why the British announcers make this the best World Cup to watch yet...
South Korea's condom sales rise (in addition to other things) during the World Cup
Can someone dumb down the World Cup championship system for me?
Danica Patrick returns to NASCAR
World Cup USA 1-0 win over Algeria video highlights
Court 18
$100,000 Stephen Strasburg Card? $100,000 Stephen Strasburg Card
Your greatest sports moment as a viewer?
Germany vs. England, Ghana vs. U.S.A
Today has been a good day in Sports.
Holy hell! Wimbledon match lasts for 10 hours today... 
Lawrence Taylor Officially Charged with Rape
Wimbledon match reaches epic proportions -- and it's not over yet
USA! USA! USA! USA! USA!
This is Tennis! I am in complete awe...
Video Afternoon Distraction- The Voodoo Sellers: Blow That Vuvuzela- World Cup Vuvuzela Song
Camera recording in Seattle bar catches reaction to Donovan's golden goal. 
John Terry's swan-dive reaches 64,000 fans in less than 12 hours
Isner-Mahut marathon instant (incomplete) classic for the ages
War Of The Lakers Wives
Rugby 7s
Anyone notice the random soccer ball button on the YouTube player when watching some World Cup videos?
Hot World Cup 2010 Babes and Female Fans Photo Gallery
Testing The World's Largest Vuvuzela
Alex Ovechkin doesn't care for your award show acceptance speech protocol [Video]
World Cup 2010: Italy Knocked Out In Group Stages After They Were Beaten By Slovakia 3-2
70-68 in 5th set: Isner wins longest tennis match
My new wallpaper
Angry German on Why Americans Aren't Allowed to Be Soccer Fans
Isner wins 70-68 in 5th set
Goodnight my sweet prince  14/06/10-24/06/10
FFUUU ITALY for losing against a team that has only been in a WC tournament once and who didn't even make it past the first round that time. 
Why aren't US announcers this enthusiastic? (Press play)
How do you punish a football team?
Finally, perhaps even mercifully, this rusted hulk of a team was towed away from the World Cup on Thursday, its battery dead, tires flat, windows smashed after a 3-2 loss to Slovakia, which is playing in its first World Cup. Harsh. True, but harsh.
The speaks the truth. You'll see it.
The teenager who got tazed at a Phillies game gets probabtion
Papelbon: Back to the drawing board
And ... action: NBA Draft Diary XIV
Caltech trains its eye on the World Cup ball - it DOES behave erratically in flight
Upson set to start against Germany
1st Round is Over, How Does Your WC Bracket Look in the reddit Group? I'm Tied for 20th, woot!
BBC News - German minister rebukes press for football 'war' terms
Germany v England – Guardian Live Blog
Relevant! Football's rejection of goal-line tech
Well, looks like the English speakers are pretty well done for in this World Cup. 
Prince Harry throws first pitch at New York Mets game
Octopus predicted that Germany would win
We were all barefoot players, and we were used to playing on hard grounds.... At Helsinki (1952) ... we were asked to play with shoes. We were not used to that, and we lost to Yugoslavia 10-1. 
Fedor, The Last Emperor Goes Down in Flames
Heatley Upset About Awards
Controversial missed call mars German triumph
QB Brunell says he'll file for bankruptcy
Nets working to lure several big stars
D.C. Welcomes John Wall
Netherlands 2-1 Slovakia
Gauging the LeBron effect
'Really tired': Fatigue caught up with England at World Cup
Roddick upset by Lu in 4th round at Wimbledon
Webber's Insane F1 Crash
Landon Donovan Paternity Scandal
Someone doesn't like Alexi Lalas...
Building Toughness in the Weight Room
The Philadelphia 76ers are finally getting it right
I hope there is a repeat of this on July 3rd. BZZZZZZ!!!
Wimbledon coverage marred for another year by NBC's awkward tape-delaying tactics.
How would soccer fans have reacted if German keeper Manuel Neuer had stopped play and told the referee that the ball was a goal?
The Hottest Girls Playing Football Half-Naked
Cedric Benson busted for assault | ProFootballTalk.com
What is up with former Texas players going back to Texas and getting into fights?
FIFA will reconsider possibility for goal-line replay technology after World Cup.
Breaking down the money of a potential Miami Big 3
Sorry for Ref Mistakes, FIFA to Reconsider Technology
The World Cup has excluded South African traders... fact or fiction?
Yeah... i think you should take it out of the fridge...
10 Tumultuous Tennis Scandals 
Paul Pierce will opt-out of his contract with the Celtics making him a free-agent
Federer ousted in Wimbledon quarterfinals!
So wait - what just happened at Wimbledon?
Tiger Woods blamed his final-round flameout at the U.S. Open on his caddy, Steve Williams, which means Steve Williams doesn't deserve to be fired.  Steve Williams deserves a raise. 
Who has the lead in luring LeBron?
News that Chris Henry had brain damage could become public health crisis for football
New TAP Formats for Summer 2010 League Season
[Argentina and Germany] are among the most consistent passing teams, have launched attacks from virtually every position and played throughout as though stepping inside the penalty area is an invitation to shoot and not a reason to look for a teammate. I couldn't have said better myself.
In the upcoming Natwest Cricket Series 2010, England Vs Bangladesh on Thursday, 08 July 2010, do England go for four bowlers or opt for five? No doubt they feel three bowlers are probably enough to win but it appears England feel the safety of a sixth batter is a tactic worth further research.
The Commonwealth Champion from Coatbridge will meet the unbeaten Martinez in Glasgow on the 14th of September. 

“I believe I have the perfect style to beat him, he is going to be chasing me about the ring said an extremely confident Burns.

Don Coryell, Longtime San Diego Chargers Coach, Dies at 85
Unforgiven: The Story of Don Revie's Leeds United
Want to say something inspirational?  Nike's Chalkbot is up and running again at the Tour de France.
Sumo wrestler and stable master fired in Japan in crackdown on fixed games
Gallardo Leaves Game With Injury.  Terrible News For the Brew Crew.
Joe Johnson to re-sign with Hawks.
Georgia's Athletic Director fired after DUI
Justin Rose holds on to win at Aronimink
Dunga has been sacked as Brazil coach following his country's quarter-final exit from the World Cup. Ultimately, should Dunga's four-year reign as Brazil coach be considered as a failure?

RIP Bob Probert. You'll be missed.
How Giro Made Lance Armstrong's $15,000 Custom Helmet
The NY Knicks Land the First Major NBA Free Agent Signing
Anyone watched the an AFL(footy?) game before?
Pamplona bans vuvuzelas for bull run (goring people OK, eardrums not OK)
Not a supporter of either team, but here's hoping we will see this classic match-up in the Final.
So, with the World Cup in South Africa nearing its end, do you think it has been a success?
KONKURI - YOUR SPORT LITERALLY ON A SILVER PLATE
 Fighting stereotypes 
Any links to a live feed for the FIFA World Cup right now?
Tiger Woods spurns links practice ahead of the Open
UFC 117 – Breaking Down the Best Fight Card of the Summer
Dang, this guy makes my annual salary after just 19 yards of passing, I wish I could do that, the way he plays, maybe I can
Armstrong Tumbles in Tour Standings
United Kingdom Triple Crown Just As Illustrious
Georgia Bulldogs name Frank Crumley interim athletic director - ESPN
Kentucky Derby Traditions - Garland Rose
Germany (4-1-0) vs. Spain (4-1-0), 2:30 p.m.
Texas Ranger fan falls from Upper Deck.
NBA free agency: the teams that will change the most this offseason
The Real life story of Lance Armstrong

Numbers prove why Germany will win the World Cup this year.
Big in Bavaria Vol.2
Dutch victory fires fans' hopes for first World Cup title
NFL players gather at Larry Fitzgerald's pre-camp workout.
NASA join critics of Jabulani (World Cup ball)
NCAA prospect with one-of-a-kind name
USC releases top recruit, Seantrel Henderson, with no penalties or restrictions
IAAF: Semenya cleared to race
Garden Greener With Amare In Tow
Asian Carp May Threaten Great Lakes Fishing
Fishing closure affects Lake Ponchartrain businesses
Protecting Louisiana's Sensitive Marsh Areas
Police hunt Brazil soccer star Bruno Souza, over the disappearance and possible murder of his ex-girlfriend
Ain't No Party Like a Black Stars Party: After Ghana's exit from the World Cup, a gathering of football heroes, Heineken, and hope in suburban Joburg luxury
Nasa Examines the Jabulani
Huge Gambling Scandal in Japanese Sumo
Rangers Fan Falls from 2nd Deck.
The regrettable shift from sportsmanship to gamesmanship. 
Wimbledon 2010 Winners
Time magazine look like fools with a completely incorrect headline (hint: they forgot about France in 1998)
Finally this map will feature a new country colored in
What has football to do with Octopus?
Asian Youth Netball C'ship: India seal semifinal berth 
Economics of the World Cup
Professional baseball player returning to Stanford in the winter to finish his degree.  
Germans react to World Cup loss by developing hankering for octopus
Would you trust World Cup's octopus oracle?
Angels Warned Of Possible Riots In Oakland
Is Jousting the Next Extreme Sport? A band of American knights wants to turn “full contact” jousting into an action sport.
Tennessee declines game offer from Kiffin, USC
2 Girls 1 World Cup (NSFW2)
Source: Heat trade Michael Beasley to Timberwolves for draft pick - ESPN
Mike Miller to join the mega-team in Miami (5 years, $30M)
Amazing stories about your favorite World Cup athletes before they were stars.
Why Do You Hate LeBron James?
Lebron James = Alex Rodriguez?
“I learned in Cleveland that the way to handle a foot of snow is to expect two feet.”
Golfer Jeev off to strong start, Chowrasia in danger 
Octopus Predicts World Cup Winner, and Everyone Believes It
 Netherlands Spain Betting – Spain Lifts World Cup In First Trip To Final
Mo Williams goes through the Kubler-Ross Model on twitter.
Jay Mohr on Nolan Ryan
Remember Noth Korea's blowout loss to Portugal a few weeks ago?  Apparently Kim Jong-il was running the defense.
Ultimate troll.  Soccer: the path to socialism.  
Miami Heat season tickets sell out
Vol Brawl
UAE issues fatwa against vuvuzelas, haraam if over 100 decibels
Best McDonald's cup ever
Jayson Werth curses out a fan; makes children cry
Durban fisherman cry foul over 'World Cup ban'
Louisiana's Fisheries Closed to Catch and Release
Paul the octopus opts for Spain in World Cup final
Mark Cavendish wins second straight Tour stage
Witness The Empire: 2010 Free-Agency Wrap-Up
2nd Tennessee player arrested after bar brawl
Cavs owner mocked for using Comic Sans in rant letter
Sharks sign Blackhawks' Niklas Hjalmarsson to offer sheet
Easy come, easy go for King James
Reporter on ESPN Lebron James special a paid shill for Camp Lebron
TSN's Sportscentre channels Stephen Colbert
LeBron is the new Hulk Hogan
Retired football player Jim Brown asked an appellate court Tuesday to reverse a decision by a federal judge dismissing his lawsuit against the video-game publisher Electronic Arts.
Seattle's Cliff Lee Traded to Texas Rangers
ESPN Football Analyst (&amp; son of Coach Dennis Green of beer commercial infamy) charged with possession of child porn and coke.
Italian referee decides to retire after his world cup blunder
The NBA Store has impeccable timing.
The World According to LeBron James
Raymond Felton Agrees to Terms with the New York Knicks
Brother Future predicts World Cup final results, causes sensation in China
A question about Australian Rules Football
Fans take over Stirling Albion
Pro Sports Transactions Archive
World Cup 2010: Uruguay 'to fight' Germany for third
Mitchell &amp; Webb's Football, Football, Football (funny).
Tennessee Volunteers – What To Expect From Dooley?
Do you consider yourself a lucky fan because of a certain player or tradition?
The WNBA all-star game is on right now; it's the USA v. the WNBA all-stars...is there a more stupid all-star format out there?
England's sporting woes continue as Bangladesh seal historic victory
Spike Lee Senses a Conspiracy Among the Heat’s Big 
Three
Free live streaming Tour de France accessible in the US. Great quality too! Viva la Hack
They're broke and uneducated -- but they sure can play sports!
Vick no show at own golf tourney and youth camp this weekend.
Nigel De Jong Vs Xabi Alonso [video]
This year's most dramatic moments of the World Cup. [video]
Raptors to unload Turkoglu to the Suns
Fantasy (American) football!
What is your opinion on the United Football League?
NYT interview with Seth Myers about hosting the ESPYs
Good baseball blogs?
Derek Fisher Remains Loyal To The LA Lakers
The only way to stop the LeBron talk is to Favre it.
Paul toasts Knicks' future dream team with Stoudemire, Anthony
Kick.
Derek Fisher announced on his website that he'll re-sign with the Lakers

Absolutely ridiculous one-handed grab by Dallas Vigilante receiver Matt DBNB Fields
50 World Cup Observations....
World Cup observations..featuring Pulpo Paul
Anyone remember Catcher-Cam?
An old favorite: UT's Westbrook absolutely crushes Notre Dame RB
Spectator sports should, in the space of two or three hours, recapitulate the full splendor and mystery of mammalian evolution.
Bid for Trophy Becomes a Test of Iroquois Identity
Cruyff slams 'anti-football' of beaten Dutch side
9 Things Science Knows About Baseball
LT pleads Not Guilty.

Lawrence Taylor pleads not guilty to sex charges in NY court



Let's honor George Steinbrenner by hating the Yankees slightly less today.
Ilgauskas headed to Heat
Manny Pacquiao preparing for possibility that Floyd Mayweather Jr. won't fight him
DAE think that after all this Lebron stuff that the NBA salary cap is useless?
New stamps to honor Negro League baseball
Carroll on USC’s sanctions: ‘I do feel responsible’ - 
NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Tyson Chandler to Mavs
May I introduce you to a CFL Beer Snake
Who thinks ESPN.com should implement a comment system similar to what reddit offers?
A Yankees bat boy remembers George Steinbrenner
National League tops American League to break All-Star Game drought
Tour de France 2010: Stage 10 - live! | Sport | guardian.co.uk
109,901 
Vandy Football Coach Bobby Johnson resigns due to health reasons according to preliminary reports.
Mediocrity Is Given It's Due
Ask Sportit:  What's a free fantasy sport drafting software you use?
Packers Report: Player Costs Rising Faster than Revenue.  Get Ready for Lockout by NFL Owners
The Toronto Raptors have begun their remake in the wake of Chris Bosh's departure, shipping disgruntled Turkish forward Hedo Turkoglu to Phoenix in exchange for Leandro Barbosa and Dwayne Jones.
Question for any American Football coach's out there. 
Best Ballparks to Get Bombed
Pro Surfer Joel Parkinson Slashes His Foot (nasty cut &amp; vid)
I know it's a minority sport but the 2010 Lacrosse World Championship starts tonight for those interested.
4 minute resume video of Spain in World Cup
I think you'll find thats cheating
Senate OKs Steve Goodman post office near Wrigley Field. Named after legendary singer/songwriter and Cubs fan
In honor of the second half of baseball starting today i present.....
Bo Jackson: 'Memba Him?!
Jazz bring back Raja Bell
Big Ben in Warm Water again.....
Favre may not be able to play next season.
I'm Putting Chris Johnson and Desean Jackson on House Arrest
Steinbrenner's ownership style is history - MLB - Yahoo! Sports
Steinbrenner relished wacky depiction on Seinfeld - News
Penny Hardaway wants to join the Miami Heat...Really?
NFL suspends Packers defensive tackle Johnny Jolly for season
The cousin of The Big Picture is dedicated to sports photography
The day the Nigerian Nightmare got owned
Padres Give Black Three Year Extension
EXCLUSIVE: Sports Marketing Experts On Why Thierry Henry's MLS Move Is Not In The Same League As David Beckham's
100 years ago today Cleveland's Cy Young wins his 500th baseball game
It's My Wish week on ESPN: Today a kid who recovered from a brain tumor wants to tackle an Oakland Raider
17 years?!? What is going on, hockey?
#83 Andy Fantuz gets his own breakfast cereal
Pat Haden to become new athletic director at USC, Mike Garrett stepping down
USC to return Reggie Bush's Heisman Trophy to Heisman trust next month
Juwan Howard joins Miami Heat 
Female pro skaters nowadays can shred to a level that I never ever even came close to during all my years skateboarding...
Bruce Bochy is a goddamn genius. Giants manager practically beat the Dodgers on his own
Dorial Green-Beckham: The country's best high school athlete, and a great story as well.
One of the worst ever bouts in boxing history for a world title. [video]
Breaking: Derek Jeter Is Marketable, even while passed out drunk outside poolside!
Bill Simmons started the fervor by claiming LeBron's Decision was akin to Hogan joining the nWo. Apt analogy. Here is what happens when the 2010-2011 Miami Heat ran into Kevin Durant
Some cricket for you, r/sports - Muralitharan gets his 800th test match wicket - with his last delivery in test cricket. Incredible end to an incredible career.
Trend continues? Chris Paul demands trade. Wants to follow LeBron's model of teaming up with other great players. 
2010 Fortunate 50 - SI.com - A look at the top grossing athletes. 
Power Snooker : Welcome to the revolution
With Obama vanquished, Glenn Beck goes after NFL Linebackers
Sources: Paul has Knicks atop trade wish list
NBA 2K11 to let you be like Mike ... HOLY COW
Interactive: 2010 NBA free-agent tracker
Vintage Commercial: Winning Basketball with Larry Bird and Red Auerbach
Top 2010 Fantasy Football Overvalued Players
Giants Sign Former Titans Linebacker Bulluck
The Truth of Manny Pacquiao – Floyd Mayweather JR: The Bob Arum Deception
Los Angeles Angels trade Joe Saunders to Arizona Diamondbacks for Dan Haren
Lane Kiffin digs deep and finds a whole new way to piss off Tennessee.
Italian Football: The death of La Moviola, the hugely popular trial by slow motion where the weekend’s games are replayed in glorious freeze-frame motion
NFL Training Camp Opens: Early Stories to Ignore
Jarod Palmer Shootout Goal at Minnesota Wild Development Camp
Reddit sport aficionados, I wanna see some sweet highlights. What's one of your all time favorites? 
After release from prison Maurice Clarett back as a student at Ohio State
RealGM: Goaltending - The Path To A Permanent Peace Between NBA Players And Owners
BBC launches 2012 Olympic site
Federer to trial coach Annacone
I'm addicted to perfection, Tyson said. Problem with my life is I was always also addicted to chaos. Perfect chaos. - Interview with Mike Tyson
2010 NFL Power Rankings: Training camp edition
Giants rookie safety Chad Jones leaving hospital - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Diego Maradona is out as Argentina's soccer coach
Paul Scholes Greatest Goals 
Rockies closer, Hudson Street, taken to Hospital after getting hit in the crotch by a line drive
2010 Chicago Bears Season Preview
Save Your Nuts Hahahaha
Amar'e Stoudemire finds out he is Jewish and visits the Holy Land (Slam Online)
Joe Niekro has been reincarnated. As a 13 year old girl.  (Seriously though, this kid is awesome)
NYT article refers to Minnesota Timberwolves hiring of GM David Kahn as innovative
Top 10 Reasons Why Ashley Cole Should Join Real Madrid 
Enter top prospect Dominic Brown.
RBS Petition For Liverpool FC Fans (and abusive comments can be removed, so please don't.)
Amare Stoudemire Is The Chosen One
Real Madrid lands at LAX 
Julius Peppers Can Also Punt If Need Be
Note to self: Never eat food from Tropicana Field
Gambling On Sports

Good News!!! Tauren Poole Doesn’t Have Listen to People Constantly Asking About Bryce Brown Anymore And Can Focus on Being a Badass!!!
Oswalt is now officially a Philly.
This guy really knows his batting stances.  This really must have taken some time.
The best woman's Motocross racer is deaf.
Pittsburgh Steelers sign former Cowboys OT Flozell Adams
Aussie Rules Football in Europe. Championships begin this weekend
Exclusive - Man City set to sign Jesus Christ!
Anyone know where I can find a video of the Texas Rangers doing The Claw?
Lorenzen Wright case: Cops review handling of 911 call from cell phone - ESPN
Fredy Montero &amp; Osvaldo Alonso: Would you like fries with that? 
Here's why Nationals ace Stephen Strasburg is headed for trouble -  Tom Verducci - SI.com
Report: New York Yankees have deal in place for Lance Berkman
Ljungberg to stay in MLS
Is This the Last Big NFL Rookie Contract? Bradford Agrees to Record Deal - Could Make $86M/6 Years
Scaling the Anger for LeBron James’ Return to Cleveland - Cleveland heartbreaks rated
Rams spend entirely too much on an unproven quarterback.
Pastamania is running wild.
Jeremiah Masoli would really like you to know he is not a crook - Dr. Saturday - NCAAF - Yahoo! Sports
Ever want to run a marathon at 8,000 feet, or jump over burning hay?  How about climbing cargo nets and swimming under barbed wire?  Come visit r/AdventureRacing!
Tortured life of world's greatest athlete, Jim Thorpe
Patriots wide receiver Wes Welker removed from PUP list.
The Show Must Go On, With or Without Mayweather/Pacquiao
Turkoglu takes a shot at Raptors, Colangelo
Stuart Appleby shoots a 59 on Sunday, wins first-ever Greenbrier Classic (crossposted from r/Golf)
Dennis Rodman escapes flipped SUV
Rowers set new record by crossing north Atlantic in 44 days
Rafer Johnson: Stories of an Extraordinary Life
Conquering the Gridiron [infographic]
Villanova Star Reynolds On Way to Italy
Jay Glazer reports Bret Farve will retire via Twitter and on Dan Patrick Show
Brett Favre Watch 2010: Track the QB's path back to Vikings
Sharks Circling the Big East
Alberto Contador signs with Saxo Bank
Reports: Brett Favre tells Minnesota Vikings he will retire - ESPN
Nasty collision at home plate.
Something tells me Purdue and Indiana do not like each other very much.
badminton's a water sport
Shaq will retire if a contending team does not make him an offer
Why the Round-Robin Schedule Will Be Good for the Big XII
Simmons: James clearly doesn't understand the life and death part of sports. 
Klosterman:  If you believe a sporting event is life or death, you might as well believe in unicorns.
ESPN's Robert Flores doesn't know where Minnesota is
Melo won't sign extension with Nuggets, says HoopsWorld's Alex Kennedy
Brett Farve hosts annual retirement party
Leeds United Online: The Story Of PPV, Tweets and Social Media
Detroit Lions confirm contract agreed with top pick Ndamukong Suh 
Guest post on Blazers Edge cataloging differences between geeky basketball fans and casual fans
The Touchdown is football but the celebration is soccer
A-Rod with his biggest fan
Brett Favre and seven other dubious sports retirements - Y! Sports Blogs - Yahoo! Sports
Sports Cars Never Sounded Better
Steve Mariucci claims Favre hates the attention.  And he managed to keep a straight face the whole time.
Press Hop 2 - by DJ Steve Porter
Trade Tracker: Deadline deals and analysis - MLB - Yahoo! Sports
The sea of players spilled from the mound over the third-base line, then moved past the first-base line. Baltimore reliever Alan Mills threw several punches, as did Seattle pitcher Norm Charlton. 
Shannon Brown agrees to 2 year deal with the Lakers
NYI I.C.E. Tour: Huntington Station, NY
I need help naming my football fantasy league.
Reunited!
I know its hard to remember now, but T-Mac used to be really good
Federal prosecutors have intensified their criminal investigation of the cyclist Lance Armstrong... because the 10-year statute of limitations on some of the charges they are investigating is set to expire next spring.
When father and son cheer for different teams 
Sauna contest leaves Russian dead and champion Finn in hospital  | The Guardian
tonight was the season finale for The Show?! MLB Network needs to put out some more episodes!
Bolt just doesn't care...
Albert Haynesworth Strongside/Weakside
Cromartie Dazzles, Giving Jets Leverage With Revis
Detroit Tigers and Red Wings owner (Mike Illitch) wants to buy the Pistons
Big East players make Maxwell, Bednarik lists - Big East Blog - ESPN
Dave Stieb on Morrow's one-hitter: It will haunt you
Division of Big Ten's super rivals would be addition for all - NCAA Football
Seattle Mariners manager Don Wakamatsu relieved of his duties
NBA To Play Two Games In London Next Year... How do you think that is going to work out?
Detroit Tigers and Red Wings owner interested in buying the Pistons.
Types of Fantasy Football Commissioners - what personality is yours?
Jaguars locker room dance-off
Mariners fire Wakamatsu, grab a 5-4-3 triple play in Daren Brown's debut. First triple play since 95' (VID)
The Province in Vancouver gave me my own fantasy blog. Welcome to the Deep End.
LeBron heckled at Cedar Point
First Youth Olympic Games Ever
Derrick Brooks Announces Retirement (video)
Games Not Involving Miami Heat Left Off NBA Schedule
Kid stumbles, falls, and breaks his arm during event at an Angels game last night
Reposted from a thread in r/baseball, but I just thought everyone needs to see how awesome Harold Reynolds is...
Multiple potential buyers interested in Pistons
Pacers, Hornets, Nets, and Rockets agree in principle to four way trade that sends Ariza to NO and Collison to the Pacers.
St. Louis Cardinals catcher Jason LaRue hurt in brawl; team calls up Steven Hill - ESPN
Andre Smith, unable to stay away from cake, encounters wrath of Marvin Lewis
Empty Your Cup - In martial arts theempty cup parable is often touted to those learning new styles and learning under new instructors. I purpose something else entirely; If I may change the parable, let’s change the tea to soup!
The 20 Most Ill-Conceived Athlete Endorsements of All-Time (fixed)
Alabama misspells Mississippi State on their season tickets
PGA Championship Preview and a thorough, fair analysis of Tiger's past, present, and future.
How does he do it? Minnesota Vikings safety forgoes water during Ramadan
How to String a Lacrosse Stick
In Sports, You Don't Have To Be Left-Handed (But It Can Help) : NPR
Some of the greatest gambling meltdowns
Reds-Cards kerfuffle: Cueto suspended one start, Baker and La Russa two games, Molina and Phillips fined
Michigan loses cornerback Justin Turner - NCAA Football
Bosh: 'I played with people's emotions'
According to reports, promising 2nd year 49ers RB Glen Coffee mysteriously retired today. Something about this story doesn't add up.
Different Paths, Same Place: Remembering Pippen and Malone
New Premier League squad rules explained
Oops! Miss July poses a problem for Central Florida's O'Leary 
The NHL Commissioner took home $7.2 million in salary last year...The NHL’s television ratings are not as strong as the other leagues’ and regular season games are no longer carried by major networks. Bettman has seen his compensation escalate as the NHL struggles.
Texan's RB Ben Tate suffers season-ending ankle injury in Saturday night’s 19-16 preseason loss
Who else is extremely excited about football season?
The hazards of drinking at a baseball game
Singapore 2010 Youth Olympics - The Big Picture
Baseball managerial turnover could exceed 13 (out of 30 teams) between dismissals and retirements
HS Football player needs help finding size 22 cleats.  Any giants on Reddit know where to get custom cleats made?
Lance Cade: Another Pro Wrestler Dies Young, Steroids Again?
Washington Nationals beat the midnight Eastern deadline, sign top pick Bryce Harper for about $10 million
Chavez vs. Taylor, 1990: One of the greatest/most controversial fights in boxing history
R.I.P. Bobby Thompson
AVP Tour suspends operations for 2010! No more avp.
Jose Canseco is playing DL, pitching, and serving as a bench coach for a minor league baseball team. 
Indiana Pacer Draft Pick Lance Stephenson Arrested
Dustin Johnson has dealt with losing the US PGA Championship very well
Golf channel releases an app for iPhone &amp; Android
Fight Football?  Kudos to anyone who watches this video and can figure out what the rules are.
Chicago Cubs trade Derrek Lee to Atlanta Braves
Great hockey team or greatest hockey team?
Carlos Gonzales catches the ball and then drills into the wall at full speed.
It's Not About the Money... But Since Your Wallet is Out...
I hate the Georgia Bulldogs, but this makes me respect Mark Richt just a little bit...
Arena football team coming to Pittsburgh
TCU's Gary Patterson warns BYU
Just a friendly game between Greece and Serbia...
Hey Reddit, I was just hired to run the Sports Fans Coalition. What about sports would you like us to fight to change? 
On-field microphone catches Jim Leyland whining to an umpire: They're going to the playoffs ... and I'm not going anywhere. 
World's Funniest Footballer Names
Paul the Octopus joins England's 2018 World Cup bid
Silence of the Lambs ! Delhi street vendors evicted before Commonwealth Games
I didn't realize that Detlef Schrempf was this good.  He would have been a first round fantasy pick in 92-93.
Brian Burke is such a Baby. He doesn't seem to understand players no longer want to play for him.
Lieutenant Linebacker? Caleb Campbell, Army Grad, Chases His Dream
The monster fish who swallowed up my whole life
Chad Griggs punches Bobby Lashley into quiting
BBC Sport - McGregor in simulation controversy,Just an awful dive. (UK only)
Dustin Pedroia, Michael Jordan connect
Cross Country Running at the Winter Olympics?
Clemens Should Have Followed McGwire's example
Naked Oregon State football player goes into 3 point stance against cops.  Gets tased.
This guy used to dominate weightlifting. From 1970, when at 28 he won his first world championship and became the first man to lift more than 500 pounds in the clean and jerk, until the Moscow Games 10 years later, the Soviet superheavyweight set 80 world records and won two Olympic gold medals.
 For Mets, Wild Card Is, Who Stays 
Police: OSU lineman naked in stranger's home 
Eagles trainer's concussion plan is one of a kind
Equestrians’ Latest Safety Option Is the Air Bag - NYTimes.com
Since Reddit Fantasy football 3 is full, I created a 4th.
Details of WAC / BYU deal. Fresno and Nevada will owe nothing if BYU gives the WAC a Dirty Sanchez
Is Colt McCoy's career in Cleveland over before it started?
Cool Data Datagraphic on Prices for 2010 U.S. Open. 
Semenya picked for Commonwealths
NFL Players would be crazy to agree with this.
Affidavit: Doctor wanted to hide golfer Erica Blasberg's suicide
If you thought Charles Barkley sucking at golf was funny, then you'll love this list
After seeing some Max Kellerman love on r/sports I had to link this article.
A Year Without Football - The documentation of an attempt to avoid all mention of college or pro American football for one year
Does r/sports think Joey Votto wins the Triple Crown? If not, Does he even win the MVP?
Hey, are there any good Fantasy NFL Football SMS(text message) alert services out there...for injuries and waiver wire pickups?
Griffins Sign Head Coach Curt Fraser To New Two-Year Contract
John McEnroe says women's tennis schedule 'asking too much' of women
Is there an app worth a shit for following your fantasy football team?
Anyone know where to get an LED sports ticker?
Betting syndicates influence cricket match results .
We heard your most painful loss, so how about your favorite team's most glorious win?
New York Jets release receiver Laveranues Coles
In Finland this is a sport
Hey /r/sports! I'm about to do my first NFL Fantasy Draft soon.  What advice can you give me?
Bengals cut ties with injury-plagued, veteran WR Antonio Bryant
Cox cable now offers NFL RedZone.
International coverage of the inaugural Youth Olympic Games (YOG)?
Without Looking, Nadal Is Finding a Spot in History - NYTimes.com
Should losing NBA teams take 3 point shots?
New Leo Messi Video.
Solo Training for My First Marathon
Baseball: Manny Ramirez to White Sox on waivers... It's a done deal
Just in time for football season: A List of Violent Spectator Incidents In Sports
Owner of the Dodgers gives more than $1 Million worth of tickets to LAPD officers. Every officer has been given a voucher for four free tickets.
Wait, some Americans actually dislike football?
Edmonton Swastikas: Suddenly, Mighty Ducks isn't so offensive
With Cardinals possibly shopping Matt Leinart, QB says he doesn't want to be a backup in NFL 
A Meditation On Melo: Where He Is, Where He's Been, And Where He Might Go
Hawkeye Football Player Takes on a Ford-150 with his moped
U.S. Open:  Azarenka collapses on Grandstand court
Who will win the opening day of College Football
George Bush and Josh Hamiltons meeting ... this blog just started up but is pretty funny all around check it out..
neon sanders... can't believe this could have ever even been remotely acceptable to wear..
Miners Aiming for Twelfth Premiership
7 Things You Didn’t Know About the Red Sox Curse
Speaking of tennis, here's Goran's version of the between the legs winner.  
Rafael Nadal wins tough opener in New York 
Dissecting BYU's move to independence 
Leaked Video Of Hawkeye Football Player's Motorcycle Crash.  Recorded by Police Dashcam.
As I'm watching the Canada-Spain World Basketball championship game, I realized that Spain is The World AND European reigning champions in both basketball AND Football...
Tiger Woods takes our $54.5 million loan for new house - Will it help him get his game back?
Fordson High School - Faith Fasting Football
Picture of Garrett Gilbert as a child (in the flag t-shirt) with Major Applewhite
From 'never' to walking: Brock Mealer will lead Michigan football team onto field Saturday - AnnArbor.com
Women’s Tennis — The Beauty of the Power Game - Video Feature - NYTimes.com
Can anyone help me with this problem I have?
Basketball w/unicycles, w/juggling makes for cool 2 pointers.
FOOTBALL SEASON IS OVER. FOOTBALL SEASON HAS BEGUN.
Cowboys Deal Crayton To Chargers
Why the Bears aren't worth as much as Forbes says they are.
What a year on the PGA-Kuchar for Golfer of the Year?
Looking for help with your golf game?  Here is a unique approach to practice.
Cardinals oust Matt Leinart, Seahawks jettison T.J. Houshmandzadeh
Time for Money Mayweather to shut up and fight 
Iconic Rumble in the Jungle arena ages about as well as Ali
Does Marijuana Enhance Athletic Performance
Usain Bolt wants to try Soccer after his sprinting career is over
What's your favorite highlight reel/music combo? 
Tom Brady getting contract extension for 3years, $58M
Sources: Washington Redskins, Tennessee Titans discuss Albert Haynesworth 
Reddit NFL Pick'em, details in comments
Titans, Redskins Discussing Albert Haynesworth Trade Again
Kansas AD Lew Perkins retires
Who wants to be in a last minute all Reddit fantasy football league?
 r/Sports: What game on the Week 1 NFL schedule are you looking forward to the most?


BSU climbs to #3 in Coaches Poll
FIBA Quarterfinal Matchup: USA vs. Russia
Cleveland still bitter that Lebron left for Florida; takes frustration out on High School Football team
The Heisman Trophy Trust is denying a Yahoo! Sports report that the trust is expected to strip former USC running back Reggie Bush of his 2005 Heisman Trophy.
Sidney Crosby blasts a home run into right field at PNC Park! [Video inside]
Basketball Worlds, Spain goes down 89-92, Serbia advances thanks to an insanse clutch play by Milos Teodosic.
Report: Kentucky recruit Enes Kanter took cash, benefits from team in Turkey - ESPN
What an NFL Training Camp Is Really Like
Hey Reddit, Remember Baby Jordan?
2010 WAC Football Preview
The Fun Side Of The Asian Carp Invasion!
Wide Receiver Case at Georgia Illustrates Hypocrisy of NCAA Rules on College Jersey Sales
Jay Cutler proves that even the goofiest of NFL QBs can score famous hot chicks
Baseball greats who were paid like benchwarmers
Matt Barnes arrested for domestic charge..
USA Cheer Announces an NCAA Emerging Sport Initiative [College Cheerleading]
A look at racial stereotypes in the NBA
Cannot Wait Until October 5 -- The Return of NBA Jam
Macho Rhino Magazine predicts week 2 games of the 2010 college football season.
Tell your employer you need the next 15 minutes off.  College Basketball's Top 50 Dunks [vid]
really clever sports humor tshirts.... tell me what you think
Heisman Candidate Adrian Clayborn: But it comes with being a Hawkeye football player. I mean we're the only team in the state, as far as I know. And it comes with being us, I guess.
Perfect game. The first time in World Championship's semi finals. Hold on USA, we're comming!
Won't you help Brian Cushing?
Psh, college football fans aren't biased!
Rumeal Robinson is a dirtbag and a pathetic excuse for a human being
I wasn’t about to blow my emotional wad and prematurely race-jaculate until I knew the end was in sight. An athlete's in-depth (and humorous) account of her first Ironman race.
The Superbowl Parade is happening literally right outside my door, while I'm the only one at work.
So... your college team recruits people that live all over the country and they live in your state for a few years just to play ball. They could literally be playing for any team anywhere. Yet this gives you homestate pride...why? Lol.
Carmelo Anthony to the Bulls?
Still funny that Clemens actually INSISTED on testifying REPORT: TORONTO POLICE COLLECT CLEMENS EVIDENCE FOR FBI
Football Redditors, who else is excited for the opening game? Thoughts?
Toronto Sports Fans - Is there anywhere I can go to watch US college football?
When technology takes us to the point where penalties are automatic, the entire game of football with grind to a halt.  Holding!
Tom Brady signs four-year extension with Pats. Makes him highest paid player on per year basis.
Who would have thought that Irish Dancing could be so much fun
Floyd Mayweather arrested on Friday for grand larceny in Vegas
It's Official: Rams Are Nation's Least Popular Team - St. Louis News - Daily RFT
Jim Joyce, Armando Galarraga Have Uneventful Reunion in Detroit
Triplet girls all play for the same high school softball 
team. They each hit triples in the game the journalist 
came to watch them play.
So, uhh, where can we talk about betting?
An Interview With Novak Djokovic
Watching UCLA Football...
Jets may be in trouble for offseason workouts organized by Mark Sanchez as an unnamed team files a complaint with the NFL about them.
Brandon Jennings in Oakland Raiders Bib/Shorts.
Ray Lewis Doesn't Know Water Polo 
Leonard Weaver's knee gets turned into jello
Hi, r/Sports, as a dedicated follower, I would like to invite those college basketball fans here to peruse r/CollegeBasketball
Penn Football Player Had Brain Disease, Autopsy Shows 
NY Jets Under Investigation for Harassment After Catcalls
Get voting on our poll. Do you think Walter Smith will retire from Glasgow Rangers and the end of the season?
I made r/sportsbook for all you degenerate gamblers like me
Anybody else a 49er fan and just downright ashamed by our performance against the Seahawks? =/
Luongo gives up captaincy of Canucks
Basketball Linked to Brain Injury in Kids
England World Cup winner Nobby Stiles sells medal
Mets' Rodriguez Violates Protection Order, but Avoids Jail
An animated short story by Heat's Da'Sean Butler (includes a purple dinosaur, poo, and Game Stop)
Marlins challenge Vuvuzelas
NY Jets NT Jenkins Tears ACL
Chicago White Sox second baseman reveals his 'inner nerd', waits in line for midnight release of Halo: Reach.
Clinton Portis talks female reporters
The problem is not with the kids who play prep, high-school and college sports, but with the adults
Fewer Empty Seats May Mean More Runs  - WSJ.com
Reggie Bush To Forfeit Heisman Trophy. An NCAA investigation in June concluded Bush and his family received improper benefits in violation of the association's rules.
The Human Element — Joe Posnanski on instant replay. 
College football player who committed suicide had brain injury
Adrian Wilson: NFL Defense Player of the Week
Reggie Bush to return Heisman Trophy
I don't know why they got me miked up today, I'm the quietest guy on﻿ the team.
Brief, interesting article touching on American Football and the potential effects of its violent hits
Did Nike snub Brandon Jennings from Team USA tryouts?
Harvard Lineman's Drive to `Punish' Lures NFL Scouts Scouring Ivy League 
Bob Sanders has a torn biceps tendon and is out indefinitely
The top Minor League starting pitchers of 2010 
MLB Network thinks the Texas Rangers are running away with the NL West.  Poor Padres.  [pic]
A's pitcher Breslow is a bighearted brainiac
Sometimes a player has to put himself in harm's way to make a great play &gt;burp&lt;
This guy needs to be talked about more.
1 week behind the scenes look at Mack Brown/UT Football from Pat Forde
A touching promo from HBO boxing
Tom Hicks aims to refinance debts in an effort to remain in control at Liverpool
Awesome Mike Singletary interview proves old school coach has no patience for your silly questions or dad-gum Yahoo commercials. [video] 

Bad: Fan gets ejected for cheering for Ryan Howard.   Good: Gets ticket refunded for security's stupidity.  Moronic:  Gets arrested for going to get his refund -- he's trespassing.
Barkley admits to taking money from agents while at Auburn 
I don't have a Television, where can I watch sports(particularly American football) games online?
The awful signing that has become John Lackey
Sunday Monday Football: A Fantasy for a sports fan with ADD.
So...if Kolb is healthy next week, who should start at QB? Him or Vick?
Hot Manning on Manning action. Tonight!
Tyler Colvin gets impaled by a flying broken bat
Just a heads up that the Commonwealth Games subreddit is over here
Sickle cell testing of athletes stirs discrimination fears
MLB-this is the only way for a baserunner to get 2 points.
49ers Coach Mike Singletary losing his cool
Reddit Hockey Pool Anyone?
The Ohio Bobcat takes down Brutus Buckeye
High school freshman commits to Indiana
Eric Belanger and the case of the vanishing contract
Green...err...Red Man charges field in Philly?
Alan Sack: There is a vast underground network of NCAA athletes getting paid under the table by alumni - with the help of agents - and if exposed “there would be a national scandal” (just ask USC and Reggie Bush)
The REDMAN who ran onto the phillies field last night during the game
NY Jets Braylon Edwards Arrested for Drunk Driving
In other news... Mike Tyson has been a vegan for 8 months and is hosting a show on Animal Planet about pigeons
Concussions are the most significant problem facing the sport of football
A ferocious finish by the Hogs... Watch this and get ready for Saturday's best game (Arkansas vs. Alabama).. 
Whitlock signs a three-year contract with FoxSports.com worth around $2 million
Broncos WR Kenny McKinley found dead
This photo of Braylon Edwards was taken last night at a charity function. [PIC]
Fandom
Ouch! That's really got to hurt! (cringe) Who says these guys aren't tough.
I know its early in the season, but anyone else think that Clay Matthews Jr. might be on his way to the Michael Strahan's single season sack record?
NYC MTA installs TVs to provide baseball highlights on the subway
The first team to clinch a playoff spot and their division? The Minnesota Twins.
D-Backs Tap Kevin Towers As New GM 
Who is the toughest player in your favorite sport?
Hey /r/sports, I made an Android app that compares two baseball players' career stats
Beckham: Just another player in a hooker scandal
Phil Jackson: 'Talent doesn't always win' just look at the 1968-1972 Lakers
Happy birthday Mike Richter
Advice needed to start Motocross!
After firing Manuel, Mets will take easy way out, hire vanilla manager
Pro BMX Biker Nigel Sylvester interviews with INDY on PNC RADIO.
I don't remember this game 
Any reliable online sportsbooks?
Ichiro sets 200-hit milestone. 

Impossible to pass this up. Free magazine.
former togolese GK Kodjovi Obilale, struggling to get compensated for injuries suffered in shooting attack at african cup of nations.
I achieved one of my life long dreams today. Taking Back Sundays.
Why England's Ashes squad announcement was a f*cking joke - does these guys know nothing???
I missed the game! Where can I rewatch it??
Man found guilty in deaths of Adenhart, 2 others
PTI and ATH are now in HD!
Mixed Martial Arts Ace George St. Pierre made an appearance on a Filipino Media show. Could not figure out if I should post this here, or in /r/WTF...
Wakeboard On Flooded Street - Funny video
Raiders Hall Of Fame QB George Blanda Dies At 83  
Evan Longoria of Tampa Bay Rays calls out team's fans for not showing up - ESPN
On Stastny! On Goulet! On Finn, Cote, and Lacroix! Bring the Nordiques back to Quebec!
Should have seen it coming: Hockey player's finger bitten during game against the Ice Holes
How many college football games *actually* count for a championship?
Fantasy Football Question
So, I had no idea Stephen Colbert liked baseball this much. He seems like an overly excited kid-- wearing his glove and earnestly talking shop with Ken Burns
Which is more exciting, CFL or NFL rules?
Knicks’ Gallinari Revisiting Basketball Roots
NFL Videos: Dreaming in slow motion - the wonderful game slowed down
KlikFC Ripping Off Bloggers
The Top 10 Most Annoying College Football Fight Songs
Tiki runs his mouth again. It's almost like [he] wants to go get booed Sunday when he gets inducted to the Giants' new Ring of Honor.
Ali-Frazier highlighted most important period in sports history 
Ask r/sports -- Did you watch Baseball: The Tenth Inning and if so what did you think of it?
Nick Collins throws mouthpiece at Bears fan that called him a racial slur
USA rain gear fail at the Ryder Cup..what great advertising for the company that made it..
I would hate to be the Sun Mountain Product Development guy...
Our focus will be to get past their total and look for some reverse-swing and spin in the last two days of the match.
 Surrey seamer Tremlett possesses a lot of talent but there has clearly been an issue with him, ie people have thought he's too soft.
(Soccer) Ref spray paints 7 yards from spot, new?
Ahhh, so is Jordan in the new NBA 2K11 game?
Pavin shows no confidence in Woods - according to European journalist
Anyone have a link to Ryder Cup final day video highlights?
In news that will surprise no one, Mets fire GM and Manager today.  Wish them well somewhere else.  I've had enough of Minaya.
Fox News ambushes Iggy, Westbrook and Josh Smith with leading questions on taxes (Deadspin)
Who is to blame for 49er failure? Singletary, Alex Smith, or both?
Fox Sports new Screen Resolution
While coaching at UW-Milwaukee, Bruce Pearl had high school prospects visit his home.
After years of demanding lavish new stadiums, NFL owners are now complaining that they are too expensive and thus, they are going to have to lockout players next season
3SIB: The No-Repeat Heisman Myth
Tim Hudson, Francisco Liriano named comeback players of the year - MLB - SI.com
With what you know now-if you could go back to the 2004 NFL draft what QB would you pick #1?
U.S. Professional Indoor Team **Women's** Volleyball. 
Red Sox Owners Buy English Soccer Team Liverpool
Arsenal and Chelsea join race to sign Ajax right-back Gregory van der Wiel 
LaceDarius Dunn punches girlfriend LaCharlesla Edwards, who goes to the hospital.  Girlfriend's father denies it happened.
NBA.com GM Survey results: Durant runaway favorite for MVP with 67% of the vote
One of the best backheel goals you're likely to see
So you think you're a badass?
Nate Robinson Pulls Pranks on Shaq [Video] 
MrsLebronWade.com (you'll never be able to unsee this)
It's MSU vs Michigan week. Let the insanity begin!
Habs have silver lining to start off the new season
This is what I call Smash-Mouth Football
kelly slater. born to surf.
Who are the 5 best pitchers in baseball right now?
Renowned Australian coach Nic Bideau, who coaches 10 Australians who are competing in Delhi, said: ''I knew I was coming to India. I didn't expect that I was coming to Monte Carlo. I expected it to be like India is.''
Are you in need of a challenge? Look no further than Great Ormond Street Hospital for your next Charity Challenge adventure…
Roy Halladay was made for this moment
Wife accuses Roberto Alomar of exposing her to HIV
Gavin Quinnell loses sight in his left eye
Anyone have any experience in handicapping?  How do I get started?
I feel bad for the Cardinals. You go from Kurt Warner to Derek Anderson to an undrafted rookie QB. Ouch.
I need help coming up with a good sign for the Giants/Braves playoffs game tonight
There was never any incident or discipline problem with Randy, there never has been one with me in four years, -- Bill Belichick
Cromartie also thinks Moss is a slouch.
Speaking of TD-saving plays, what about Roddy White's strip from last week that allowed a comeback win (starts at 2:08)?
Atlanta Hawks to extend Al Horford
The Benefits Of A One-on-One Tournament During The NBA All-Star Break
The baseball season is over.  NL, AL, MVP/Cy - Who do you think took the regular season awards?
Lakers look like lost tourists in Europe
I guess it's a good thing we don't have instant replay right now, Posey said. It was a beautiful slide, wasn't it?
Latest updates on important Week 5 NFL injuries (including McFadden, McCoy, PT, and Bradshaw)
An assistant coach told Urban Meyer he was leaving for a rival program via sticky note
RichRod could use some defense! (Audio parody)
Japanese GP qualifying in doubt
Mamas Boy: Sharman goes alll superman to get a silver for his mum
Evolution of the Volvo Ocean Race
Stan Lee + NHL
THIS IS NOT CONSERVATIVE!
AskSports - How come nobody uses the fair catch kick in the NFL?
Video of Brooks Conrad's 3rd error of the game, which allowed Giants to score the winning run in their 3-2 victory tonight.
Perhaps the most all-around athletic play you'll ever see made by a 260-pound lineman.
Freddy Sanchez spread eagle, having one off the wrist after win...
Roy Oswalt having a little fun
Any updates on the bettor who had 100k on the line for a 15-game parlay with the last game being played tonight by the Eagles v. 49ers?
Ex-Notre Dame coach Lou Holtz fightin' the Democrats this Midterm
Need a few suggestions. 
Hokies right guard Greg Nosal lost part of finger, played on
James Wisniewski of the Islanders is not a fan of Sean Avery
TO, Ochocinco start their own cable talk show
NYT -  True or Not, Favre Posting Pressures N.F.L. and News Media to React 
Interesting play by the Vikings to open the game. Can someone explain it?
Brett Favre will text you his Wangler story...
Bush Warriors Video of the Day: Maurice Greene Takes a Bullet for a Tiger
Wisniewski to Sean Avery Suck my... [Video]
Corner kick FAIL 
Beijing and China welcome Yao: Rockets arrive in Asia for two preseason games

/r/cfb (College Football) now has logos for FCS schools also.
No pinky finger, no problem for Virginia Tech's Greg Nosal; Nosal had two options: ice the chunk and keep playing or fix it right away. Nosal wanted to keep playing.
awesome neighbours try banning kids from street hockey
TBS suffers massive ratings fall from 2009 (9.4%) for its LDS coverage
Adam Johnson is set to make his first competitive start for England in the Euro 2012 Group G qualifier against Montenegro at Wembley on Tuesday night. 
something's wrong here... these are the websites of OFFICIAL rankings used by the BCS and they look like they've been made by elementary school kids
Just heard about a downhill skateboard / street luge event going on in Picton, ON.
John Elway among victims of Ponzi scheme
Shawne Merriman goes on IR, to be released when healthy
Bill Burr going off about Randy Moss being traded and Brett Favre showing off his cock
Mel Kiper Jr. and his impeccable hairdo defend record in wake of SI.com story's allegations [VIDEO]
Fun with fins and feathers
Anderson wins annual ocean derby with 51-pounder
Three Tactics to Help You Catch Albacore Tuna in the Pacific Northwest
Browns trade Jerome Harrison to Eagles for Mike Bell - NFL - SI.com
Track and field is not just sport, it's entertainment. - Jamaican sprinter Ramone McKenzie
Yankess vs. Rangers when it comes to payroll....
Catching Pier-Light Speckled Trout
Sacked by a true Raider...
Breast cancer is horrible for women and for footballs.
The Golden Age of Sports
Fishing heats up as temperatures cool down
Want to see what it's like to run the Chicago Marathon?
Vincent Jackson, Logan Mankins to report to Chargers, Patriots on advice of National Football Players Association
The 32 greatest announcer calls in sports history
Joba Chamberlain Throws Simulated One-Third Of An Inning
A penalty game for Ana Ivanovic
Why was scoring goals in hockey easier in the past?
Ciscoes, smelt must be processed for bait use
Kansas Trout Season Opener
Best Beards in Sports History 
Bobby Valentine Turns Down Marlins
No such thing as a Breaking curveball
New World Speed Sailing Record - David Beats Goliath
London 2012 Olympic ticket prices revealed
Federer hits another tweener and facepalms Isner.
New blood test is good news, possible bad news for football.
I didn't really understand the Brett Favre controversy at first, but now I TOTALLY UNDERSTAND
Farve's groin is really milking its 15 minutes of fame.
Phillies NLCS games may not air in Philadelphia. Fox pulls stations from Cablevision. 
How do you play with a broken rib?
How can I increase my flexibility? 
DAE know of an NFL no-spoilers highlights show online or for download?
Edmonton Oilers score a goal against the Calgary Flames off of Ian White's face
[VIDEO] Dunta Robinson's Crushing Hit On DeSean Jackson
Ivan Maisel rips Big Ten-bound Nebraska in post-game review
Looks like Tim Brewster finally....got the axe.
I see this subtle shift in the zone read to be the biggest “it thing” or “fad” across college football.
That is one spectacular Formula Ford crash
I'm gonna tell you the greatest story of a goal nobody knows about.
Need one player to complete my fantasy basketball league
Bernie Ecclestone heads for 80 but has no plans to put the brakes on: The autocratic head of Formula One has no plans to retire as he seeks to expand the world championship
Seahawks punter gets his clock cleaned
Want to buy season tix for the Yankees? Here is all the pricing info for the 1987 season.
Who are you picking #1 in this year's fantasy basketball draft?
Fantasy Football question: What are some of the most creative fantasy football team names in your leagues?
Since 1986 there have been 30 games where a player has shot 30 or more shots and shot less than 30.1%, 10 are Iverson's
Coaches asked to call timeouts during MNF so the network could run more commercials; makes you wonder who is running the league
IMG vice president admits CEO bet on 2007 Roger Federer-Rafael Nadal French Open final...could be the start of a massive scandal
Free Eye Surgery Offered to SEC Officials
Ambition key to Rooney revolt
NFL RedZone Sunday Sweep Challenge
Canadian football players beat the shit out spectators. (Ontario football brawl) 
E60: Justin Timberlake &amp; his eco-friendly golf course
Farve meets with NFL security his accuser hires a lawyer
The greatest ever boxing grudge matches. The first round of Hagler v Hearns is insane.
Schlereth Speaks the Truth 
Best TV Cast Right Here
Sports management powerhouse IMG CEO caught up in gambling scandal
The intensity before take off really made my day..
LeBron shows ugly tweets sent to him
Randy Moss's daughter gets scholarship offers from a handful of top basketball programs | Yahoo! Sports
ASU football players caught on tape burglarizing dorm room
Helmets both new and used are not — and have never been — formally tested against the forces believed to cause concussions.
Am I the only one that thinks the Nuggets are title contenders? (pending Melo's decision)
Did a drag queen just sing the seventh inning stretch?  That was fantastic.
No wonder Sergio Romo slipped on the mound!
fans threaten Wayne Rooney's life if he leaves Manchester United (for Manchester City)
Oklahoma/Mizzou game. Any thoughts on the number one losing again?
Shark kills bodyboarder in California
Record price of ass whooping - Kent State receives 
$1.2 million to play Alabama
Congratulations to Nolan Ryan, who heads a team going to the WS 41 years after he went with the Mets; read this 1991 SI profile to know why so many think this is well-deserved.
Why do you cheer for the underdog?
Refs may be suspended after using pink whistles to support breast cancer research
So is this hit illegal under the new NFL rules? (LT and Polamalu Nike Commercial)
Rooftop Golf, New York (National Geographic Photo of the Day)
Jonathan Byrd hit a hole-in-one in a three man playoff to win the Shiners (Video)
Feldman: Less Than Four Percent of NFL Players Play Four Seasons
Favre and Chilly: The Brief History of a Dysfunctional Player-Coach Relationship
Brandon Jacobs: The Man Behind the Caricature
Oh, what could have been. A look back at Kerry Wood's 20 strikeout game in 1998.
Just found this from a couple years back
Video of Visanthe Shiancoe's non-touchdown catch?
Schefter: Broken left collarbone for Tony Romo. Recovery time for an injury like that is generally 8-10 weeks.
Monster Hit on Tony Romo (broken collarbone, out for season)..video. 
T. Boone Picken's $165m donation to OSU football funds their new locker rooms...
NBA's 119-year-old, 1891, Naismith ORIGINAL rules up for auction! 
Brock bloodied, battered, and beaten [image]
Should have put him in the Cubs bullpen, can't get any worse...
Think football is a dangerous sport? Try playing fantasy football ... with your friends.
Official: U.S. swimmer likely died in 'one second'
UNC's '08-'09 basketball team looks pretty intense.
Interesting Wikipedia-Article about the German-Dutch football rivalry and even better [pic!]
Never before seen 1955 World Series photos (Brooklyn Dodgers vs New York Yankees).
Is your ESPN2's volume screwed up?
I played better when I was drunk. - John Daly
And, there ain't no flags!
Excited Announcer on Showalter's Game-Changing Play 
Tony Hawk gets a Tesla Roadster 2-5 to play with
Who would win, 1 on 1? Karl Malone in Shapeups, or Kareem Abdul-Jabbar in Shapeups?
ND student dies when tower collapses at practice 
Once upon a time there was a little boy who was afraid of water.  The story of Alexander Popov.
Die-hard Sooners fan
Price leads Canadiens to 3rd straight win
World Series Bid Boosts SF Giants' 2011 Season Ticket Sales
Agency probing ND student videographer's death
Elena Dementieva retires from professional tennis. :(
Reporter from Texas: They're smoking weed over there and the cops aren't doing anything!
To all UK sports fans that plan on indulging in the sporting event taking place at Wembley Stadium on Sunday...
Classy New Jersey coach gives skid-breaking game ball to foe  
A week after saying contraction was on the table, David Stern says that expansion of the NBA to Europe is inevitable in the next 10 years
NYDailyNews: Former New York Giants guard Billy Ard enjoys life after football with family - Props to my pop warner/high school coach, wonderful neighbor, and a great dude overall - Stay classy Billy 
Vince Lombardi Takes The Stage With A New Play : NPR
Article describing Tiger Flowers, one of the forgotten champions of the 1920s. Flowers scored his stunning upset victory over Harry Greb on February 26, 1926 to become the first African American Middleweight Champion.
Is there a site that displays all daily scores, without ads/clutter?
Is it time to start taking the Bucs seriously?
World Series Radio Blackout?
Shaqeeta unveiled, derailed - Delonte as Guy Fawks, duh.
NJ Nets....#1 in the Atlantic Division
There are a lot of terrible announcers out there, but this guy KILLS IT EVERY TIME (seriously).
Negro Leagues star and former Portland Beaver Artie Wilson has died at age 90
Chilean Miner to Run New York City Marathon!!
Does anyone know of a way to check NFL players' contract lengths?
Is there any place to stream games live? (most interested in NBA and NFL)
Moss trade blows up in face of Childress, Vikings
High School's set national record for longest football game, 12 overtimes
Video: Danny Briere suspended three games
Ohio senator spoofs Lebron in campaign video
DAE think that Randy Moss will go right back to the Patriots now?
What happens when you sleep in Sunday
Why do football commentators love saying football so much?
Yes, Nani DID cheat, the ref WAS badly wrong, but there is more to it than that
Fan or not, A very good article about the Giants winning the 2010 World Series
For those of you who like rugby [french vid] ...
Not Just A Game [trailer]
James Harrison Reportedly Looking at Fine for Hit on Drew Brees
Police give Barry Bonds a ticket as Giants celebrated their title 
Team-by-team interest in Randy Moss 
Riots in San Francisco after the Giants won the World Series
Shanahan &amp; Redskins are concerned about McNabb's cardiovascular fitness, so they bring in for a workout... wait for it...Jamarcus Russell!! What!?!
Andy Irons Dead from Dengue Fever
Guard Logan Mankins ends hold out with the Patriots.  Set to return to roster this week.
Talk about a niche bum out: Taylor Twellman's going to retire from the Revolution.
Over 100 goals, 4 MLS Cup games, thanks for everything.
Andy Irons dies en route to Hawaii
You will never be forgotten Andy. We love you. | Billabong US
NBA: Where Ernest Happens
Police give Barry Bonds a ticket as Giants celebrated their World Series
The first publicly transgender person to play NCAA Division I college basketball 
Neurologists Call for Strict Sports Concussion Guidelines
Want to watch the Sabres play, but I have Dish Network. Ideas?
Pro Surfers Pay Tribute To Andy Irons in Puerto Rico
Zygi Wilf reaction to Randy Moss mess
FlowSport - A new high-technology sports floor
Giants Fans - Brian Wilson will be appearing on the Tonight Show tonight.
Interactive fantasy football column - who to start or bench in Week 9
Eight years later, I finally forgive Maurice Clarett...cool ESPN video about his life after the disasters
Nuns cash in on $262,000 sale of rare Honus Wagner T-206 card
Top MLB Free Agents for 2011
Honus Wagner card sells for $260K+.
anybody with a ESPN insider account that wants to do me a small favor??
Amazing NEW footage of Yves Rossy with his jetpack
Jockey fight after the Breeders' Cup
Unbelievable! How to light a match with the drift car. [VID]
Bill Belichick makes subtle dig at Browns coach Eric Mangini
Borel, Castellano Fight At The Breeders' Cup 
Sidney Crosby Fights Dallas' Matt Niskanen
Forumla One Interlagos Qualifying - Hulkenberg  causes an upset.
Is anyone else kinda surprised that out of 4,877 at-bats (5,802 plate appearances) Jackie Robinson was only hit-by-pitch 72 times?
Jenson Button unharmed following armed attack on car in Sao Paolo
Jim Brown presents Walter Payton (NFL Top 100)
Is there a sabermetrics for football?
Horned Frogs poised for title game
I realize this video is completely played out, but if you are a Packers fan you will enjoy this..
Greatest distance runner ever retires
Minnesota Wild will attempt to break the Guinness World Record for Largest Gathering of People of Mustaches on Nov 26!
Kevin Durant plays basketball with President Obama
NFL player tells refs they have eyesight comparable to Stevie Wonder and Anne Frank.
The NHL is shaking up its all-star format: Two captains will choose players from either conference to make up the teams for the 2011 game.
Rex and Rob Ryan Are Still Talking Trash - NYTimes.com
Apparently nobody leaked anything to anybody about the Cam Newton stories
What common thing in sports do you not understand?
''As much as I hate Childress,'' a Vikings player said, ''I will keep playing.'' 
Shawne Merriman Limps Out After 1/2 Hour Practice w/Bills
Marcus Dupree - The Best That Never Was
Antonio Margarito mocks Pacquio manager Freddie Roach for having Parkinson's - Try not to be too classy now
TIL that Matt Murton broke the single season hit record in Japan last season.
Can somebody explain Canadian football rules to me?
Joel Stransky, who is in Washington, D.C., to receive an award from In Search for Common Ground. He's representing South Africa's 1995 Springboks rugby team, and the award is for inspiring unity and healing through the power of sports. The moment was featured in the film Invictus. 
Meeting ISAF, il Council conferma: Star fuori, sì a cat e 470 ma misti, singoli ok. Confermati i tre singoli e il 49er. Aumenta la vela femminile.
Robert Allenby’s Shot Nails Fan In The Head At Australian Masters
A nice Pacman wallpaper, so amped for the fight!
Williams College defeats Amherst in the Biggest Little Game in America!
Don't fuck with David Haye
Awesome thread, especially if you think the mask that NY Giants Bulluck and Cantu wear reminds you of Shredder.
I need help finding an older post.
DROPPII'N BOMBS!!!!
With college basketball starting up again, just a friendly reminder.
Today, though, I'm going to watch the football game and see how the dancing Chad does against the Titans. Yeah, Pennington is goofy in this video -- damned goofy.
Not sure if this is sports or WTF -- but Bull Jumps into the Crowd at a Rodeo (watch at the 2:25 mark) [vid]
Vitali Klitschko demands Hayes fight him
Gus Johnson calls the Jags/Texans Hail Mary-- Tecmo style.
Controversial ESPN Radio Host Cowherd Sells Comedy Project to CBS
Best Lead-in Paragraph Ever for an AP news article
AEG, builders of the Staples Center, proposes Downtown LA football stadium; one step closer to an NFL team in LA. 
Vote for who you think should win the College Football Awards this year
Nothing like having a hypocrite to lead your public safety ad campaign
The video we have all been waiting for, Danny MacAskill's Way Back Home - X post from Cycling because it's amazing
Nice article about a football player who will have earned two degrees and a MBA, a positive story about a college athelete for once. 
ESPN Radio's pot-stirrer Colin Cowherd to have CBS show based on his relationships
Jean Claude Van Dam to fight pro kick-boxing match in 2011
Messi scores to lead Argentina over Brazil 1-0
TIL about netball...
ESPN writers on the ethics of running up the score
London 2012 Olympic Park nearly ready
Matt Schaub back at practice, expected to start vs. Jets
ESPN poll of Brady vs. Manning.  Question #15: Whom would be more likely to volunteer for a one-way mission to Mars in 20 years in the name of science?
What team sport requires the most tactical thinking on the individual level?
Source: New Orleans Hornets  to trade Peja Stojakovic to Toronto Raptors in five-player deal 
In baseball there is Scott Boras, at the risk of getting sued, who are the Scott Boras's of the other major sports?
Last year, the match between these two boxers was a 'fight of the year candidate'. Everyone agreed it was well fought by both men and should have been called a draw...except the judges who misread the fight and decided a winner. Tonight was the rematch, and last years loser did this. [deeplinked]
Here's Video Of The Knockout Of The Year Getting Delivered In Atlantic City Last Night
Dana White on fighting the WWE and Vince McMahon 
Ochocinco and Owens call themselves 
'Batman and Robin'. Steve Johnson of the 
Bills decided to play the villain.
Brett Favre:  Would it tarnish his career more if he left now or if he stayed?
NFL Videos: Soldier surprises family with return home at Titans game
Music City Madness – A Day Behind the Scenes with the Dysfunctional Titans
As a fan of both Boxing and MMA...
r/CFB Poll for the Week of November 20th
Maybe r/sports will enjoy this more.  I give you the Snow Bowl.
Scott Boras' company aids poor Dominican teenage prospects, possibly in violation of MLBPA rules
Report: Scott Boras' firm loaned money to prospects. 
Great Point Guards are taking over the NBA - and it's incredibly fun to watch...
NFL Power Rankings for Playoff Chances: Week 12 Big Wins
The donations have arrived. 
How to make friends with Gilbert. 
Top 10 moments at the Philadelphia Spectrum, demolition of which started today
Who are your college football picks this week?
who are your favorite sports writers?
I am watching NBA on TNT, and they are talking to Adam Levine about the LA Lakers.
I haven't seen much love for college basketball on r/sports, but I'm so glad it's hoops season.
Whitlock on the Heat and Riley's desire to get back on the bench.
Who else thinks Bob Glauber is the perfect 1st and 10 foil to Skip Bayless?
Division III hoops matchup ties record for longest game ever. 
A Real Life Tale of David vs Goliath between two Boston football teams with losing records
Derrick Rose just led the Bulls back from down 23 on the road to a 2OT victory over the Suns.
Can you handle a sporting challenge? Then try 30 Olympic sports for charity through a new UK venture... 
Florida golf course worker hit by tee shot, dies
Barbados Road Tennis
BCS Standings
Who has the better pro outlook - Mark Ingram or LaMichael James?
Oh Snap! USA Womens Soccer Draws North Korea in World Cup
Why the Cardinals should give Albert Pujols an ownership stake in the team (or 10 years/$300 million, or whatever it is he wants)
Avery Johnson demotes Terrence Williams to D-League as punishment
Question on sports etiquette: Why do people get so upset when traditional rivals tank each others' playoff chances?
Aholes of the week: Thieves steal personal items from Pat Burns widow. 
I wish Millen was still a GM...
Brees gets sportsman of the year from SI.
Could the Red Sox really make a move for Derek Jeter?
Scumbags steal memorabilia after Pat Burns' funeral
The top 10 greatest NHL Movember mustaches for 2010
James Harrison gets fined again.
Report: Gruden, Miami to finalize contract details.
NBA 2K11 version of Michael Jordan's Maybe It's My Fault commercial composed by MessenjahMatt
I never get tired of watching Bo Jackson do his thing.
34America's Cup: how expensive are you? Silvio Arrivabene (former Mascalzone Latino 2007 DT and Alinghi 2010 construction and plan manager) interview by Farevelanet about the real costs of the new Cup
Canada's Rogers Communications is in discussions to acquire MLSE which includes the Toronto Maple Leafs and Toronto Raptors.
Schedule dispute puts Preakness on hold. The Preakness, the second race in the Triple Crown of thoroughbred horse racing, has been put on hold for next year. The tracks that host the races say they can't afford it.
Brian Urlacher on NFL fines: “I think it’s bull” 
LPGA drops 'female at birth' clause for its members [xpost from r/lgbt]
ESPN unveils new Sunday Night Baseball broadcast team.  
World Cup 2022: U.S. Plays the Cash Card With FIFA
NYC's impact on basketball, at all levels, has been minimal for years.  Why?
NCAA rules Auburn's Cam Newton eligible to play
Gregg Popovich and Tim Duncan, the give and take of winning
Locations for 2018 and 2022 FIFA World Cup announced. The results are rather surprising (more in comments).
Chicago White Sox reach deal with Adam Dunn
White Sox sign Adam Dunn to 4yr/56 mil contract. Close to resigning Konerko as well! 
Sources say Longhorns will fire long-time offensive coordinator Greg Davis
If you haven't checked out the sport of whitewater kayaking in a while... well it's gotten a lot cooler
Qatar reveals 5 World Cup stadiums for 2022 with awesome video images [video]
Does anyone think the NFC West division winner will get past the first round of the playoffs?
Anyone been to a World Cup? How did you plan the trip?
Game of Numbers: How the BCS Rules College Football
An NHL Return to Winnipeg? The Cost of Expanding Hockey in Canada
I'm watchin' the Bulls game while googling Michael Jordan highlights.  Jesus Christ.  I wish I was old enough to remember more of his career.
One of the most inspiring and sad stories I've ever read. The story of Jill Costello. 
Vote for who YOU think should win college football awards this year
Troy Smith no longer 49er starter, Alex Smith named Starter.
Gambling Cavemen. A Brief History of The Origins of Betting
After getting mugged, F1 racing boss allowing his bruised face in a watch ad - See what people will do for a Hublot
Lou Groza Finalists (Infographic)
In Controversial Decision, Dwayne Wade Transfers to Team of Cancer Stricken Children
Amusing translated article from Turkey regarding Shaq joining the Turkish league with Allen Iverson if the 2011-2012 NBA lockout happens.
NFL committee wants to ditch official helmet
Finally Get What The Fuss Has Been About...
James Worthy - Gotta protect those big cunts
James Naismith's first basketball rules up for auction - ESPN
/r/sports, what do you think about Bill Simmons?
James Naismith's original basketball rules sell for $4.5 million. Based on Duck on a rock game.
Ravens vs. Texans Monday Night Line, Point Spread Preview, Picks, Score Prediction
California imposes its own sanctions on men's basketball program
A Canadian wondering on opinions on Bosh In Miami
Any one seeing the Redskins game?  TB is getting dominated in the running game
NFL: Which TV station puts on the worst production of their games? Espn, NBC, Fox, NFL Network
Al Golden to coach the Miami Hurricanes
Head of Annecy's 2018 Winter bid quits.
New York Jets staff member trips, subsequently injures, Miami Dolphins CB Nolan Carroll during play
Louisville hopes to snare NBA team
Brett Favre doubtful for NY/Minnesota game
The 10 best freshmen seasons in CBB history
Speaking of FOX experimenting with sports broadcasts, do you remember FoxTrax?
Top 11 Sports Moments Of 2010 And One Really Bad Decision
Misplaced marker leads to fifth-down confusion for Redskins 
Leaders Division and Legends Division.  Did the Big Ten poll an elementary school to get these names?
Auburn OC Gus Malzahn turns down Vanderbilt (possible $3 million offer)
FIFA President Sepp Blatter: homosexual fans should refrain from any sexual activities that are illegal during the World Cup in Qatar.
FIFA president Sepp Blatter has raised eyebrows again by joking gay people should simply not have sex during the 2022 World Cup in Qatar to avoid any possible punishment.
7th grade sensation Adrian Moore already considered the top college prospect of 2016
Windsurfing 2.0........
As an Oklahoma fan, Mack brown is my favorite coach in college football.
I'll bet he would hold his breath until he turned blue to get what he wanted as a kid.
Anyone want to apply for the University of Texas coaching job? Here you go.
Great Four-Man Pitching Rotations
What's the point of vacating wins?
LeGrand suffered incomplete spinal cord injury. Now has some feeling in his hands
David Lee's elbow is nasty
Please help me find an NCAA basketball clip
Nate Robinson almost breaks his neck in celebration.
NHL's Atlanta Thrashers stage fake police chase to sell tickets
Spurs Band Together for Another Run (Johnny Ludden, Yahoo! Sports)
Pajonsuk Superpro Samui wins in K-1 Fight
Soccer: Penalty shoot-outs unfair because of psychological advantage to team that kicks first, say researchers
TRMS: The Left Knee Of Doom. Rachel Maddow and the TRMS sports mime team demonstrate the dirty trick that has led to the fining and indefinite suspension of the Jets' strength coach.
BEST interview with Peyton Manning (Gerry Dee from this season's exhibition game in Toronto.)
Best Of Extreme Sports 2010: Part 5
Yanks closer Rivera says rival Red Sox had made offer
Re-Encarnacion?
Vikings vs. Bears will be first come first serve to all ticket holders.  Could they have done this any worse?
Stretchable Silicon Could Make Sports Apparel Smarter
Here are the three design finalists for LA's potential new NFL stadium 
Still no answers on KU's new AD. Cunningham signs extension with Tulsa
Sad but true: Nice piece on Yao Ming's latest injury and what it means
Swimmer with one arm makes SportsCenter
Hate the Big Ten division names?  Jim Delaney says it's possible they will be reconsidered
Washington DC just got a little more sexy
See What A Standard NFL Contract Offered Players In 1944
Are the Redskins the biggest grease-fire in the NFL?
No Obama, Arenas, Wall for Wizards-Heat game. The Washington Wizards were short-handed in many ways Saturday night against the Miami Heat.
Bob Feller Was a Fan Among Fans 
Fox NFL Sunday: Does anyone know the reason behind their pins?
Colt's Collie is Injured Again
What is the best website for trading card information and values?
Former Bills WR Peerless Price gives us an update on his legal troubles via Wikipedia
What's the best live sporting event you've attended?
Cowlishaw: Fixing defense is priority No. 1 for Cowboys
Onion SportsDome will render all 25 ESPN channels irrelevant in the space of just 30 minutes. Jan 11th, Comedy Central. 
The Bills need to draft this punter to play with Fitzpatrick!
Favre in, Peterson out vs. Bears
I wish i thought of this. tecmo bowl FTW!
Californian Beats World Record for Longest Surf Session
Italian town lets people climb all over it
Why I Am Embracing Football
Rich Harden returns to Oakland Athletics 
Bluehouse Offers Awesome Wholesale Skis for Four Years
Out On Ice: Gay Advocacy in a Macho Sports Culture

Why is it called Special Teams?
Former NBA players make it big in the CBA (China Basketball Association) 
Austin Collie going on IR
What a stand-up guy - Carl Crawford thanks Rays with lunch
Come on NHL.com - can't find a picture for the Great One?
From gang member to Yankees pitcher, Leonel Vinas sees dream come true
Andrew Gallo, Killer of Nick Adenhart, Two Others, Sentenced to 51 Years
Larry Brown out as Bobcats head Coach. 
Will any of the current top sports fall off the mainstream map in the next 20-30 years?
Kids guess how much money Nba players earn
I always remember my Mom being embarrassing at little league games. This, on the other hand, is EPIC parenting.
The Agony of Defeat: Ranking the 32 most painful sports finishes in history.
Merry Christmas from the Denver Thuggets
Why did CBS cut Jerry Jones' comments about the NFL Lockout from 60 Minutes?
Merry Christmas from the Chicago Bulls...
Stephan Bonnar and Kenny Florian show no love for Fedor Emelianenko
On this day, the savior of the stolen base was born. Happy Hendersonmas everyone!
Klitschko Brothers on for a David Haye fight in 2011
Klitschko brothers ready to take on David Haye. He's taking both of these guys down
streaming jets v bears?
Olympic filmmaker Bud Greenspan passes away, was 84 years old. 
Focus on the athlete, not who is behind the mask
/r/lacrosse: good stick for just starting?
Houston Bound: Has Kansas Already Proved Its Ability to Make The Final Four? 
Climbing is the only cure for gravity - Feel the Moment
For NFL labor dispute, midnight may not come on March 3
Can anyone recommend an alternative to ESPN.com
Metrodome Whoopee Cushions
Live blogging Game 7 of the 1960 World Series: The 1st inning
Jim Souhan got it right...
supporting the national team and national team players from Malaysia to ask for an extra guard | Divide Hot News
Big 12 Bloomers: 12 Up-And-Coming Players You Should Know About
You don’t have to be unblemished to be a role model.
Will a Comcast-owned NBC be so quick to pay billions for the Olympics this time around?
I pissed on the Falcons logo, Saints defensive tackle Remi Ayodele said.
This gentlemen got up that morning and decided to celebrate Jesus’ birthday in the traditional way; by loading a pistol and heading over to the soccer game.
Even I would have taken drugs to win those 7 golds admits Swim Superman Mark Spitz
“Why don’t you leave this to the boys, sweetcakes.”
Bowl Bus - On the Road to the Super Bowl! Shuttles to every NFL Postseason game. Costs less than gas and parking.
Cleveland Browns fire coach Eric Mangini
Brett Favre, Done with NFL, focusing on 'Sexting' from here on out
Terrelle Pryor: WikiLeaks in shoulder pads, a “30 For 30” special in real time. 
Is anyone looking forward to Sportsdome on Comedy Central?
Come talk about the Orange Bowl with other CFB enthusiast
The Top 10 BCS title game performances
There's going to be a celebrity roast of Ozzie Guillen? Will people be allowed to insult him w/o Oney releasing social security numbers?
Rich Rod is not fired yet!!! Fox 2 was wrong...
Hall of Fame needs to deal with steroids era - ESPN
The 10 Most Insane Acts of Violence in Kickboxing History
How to cheat - Australia style....
Walt Clyde Frazier wears a cow suit
Bert and Robbie HOF bound.
Good call, bro-of-the-day: Tony Allen whips OJ Mayo's ass during a plane flight over a $1500 gambling debt.
Post Season 2011 NFL Mock Draft
Who is your team going to take?
R. Alomar, Blyleven into HOF. Palmeiro, snubbed, provides quote of disapproval. 
100 Best Sports Photographs of 2010 (Part 2 of 4) - Big Shots - Boston.com
r/sports, am I alone in thinking that Edgar Martinez, the greatest DH in the history of baseball, deserves to be in the Hall of Fame?
Owner: Time to Let Vince Young Go - ABC News
The Best Supporting Actors Fight It Out In The Boxing Ring



...where Matt Millen tells us something we already knew
BCS National Championship: Ticket prices make Oregon-Auburn 'bigger than any Super Bowl' 
 Tennis stars get in shape for 2011
I may be an Oregon State alum, but even I thought this was pretty good
UFC 128: Nate Marquardt vs Yoshihiro Akiyama booked for March 19
Top 10 Blake Griffin Dunks thus far... Beast mode
A hat trick of iron. Brilliant commentary on the missed penalty shot.
DAT PASS: Top 10 Assists from 2009-10 NBA Season
Kei Igawa Will Take Andy Pettitte's Place on the New York Yankees?
Love Wilbon but is it just me or is this piece horribly written?
I have got to speed fly!!
The Top 5 Worst Everyday Players in MLB
NFL Draft Declarations - repost from r/cfb
The Secret Life of Sideline Reporters
Question: Does the Rooney Rule apply to the San Francisco 49ers in their current situation?
Perhaps the NFL changes the playoff rules and says a division winner gets home field if they have no more than one more loss than their wild card opponent?  
Roy Hodgson Exits Liverpool &amp;amp; Kenny Dalglish 
Takes Over | Sportales
How does this game affect the argument over teams that win their divisions with crappy records?
My 30 for 30 favorites, what are yours?
absolute unadulterated elation 
Who do you think is going to win the superbowl this year?
RC Plane Flights Over Stadiums in Michigan 
Remember the North American Soccer League (NASL)?
Oliseh in shock over Okafor death
Group B Monsters - The Days of Madness.  
Can anyone help me find this video from 2008
Every year around playoffs, I feel like this.
BCS Title Game Ticket Has Become the Most Expensive in US Sports History
Marshawn Lynch's TD run created a seismic quake
This sums up how people rooting against Auburn feel right about now...
Penalties, scandals highlight irregular college (football) season
Gilchrist put Bills into city's soul: Team's first superstar died Monday at 75
Perhaps one of the most lopsided basketball games in a long time
Reddit, what obscure sports deserve more recognition? 
TIL that the largest margin of victory in a game in NBA history happened when the Cavs defeated Miami in '91. Talk about irony. 
Skinny needs help
No jail time for LT after he pleads guilty.  I would not have thought so.
NFL Draft Early Entrants
Bobby Valentine Named Public Safety Chief of Stamford, Ct.  WTF?
Taylor pleads guilty to sexual misconduct, expected to avoid jail This Just In (lol...) - CNN.com Blogs
UConn Just Stepped Back 10 years In Time, Paul Pasqualoni Hired As New Football Coach
Bulwark football helmets aim to improve concussion safety without compromising style - ESPN
Most improbable Bowling 'Strike' ever ?
 There won't be any returning the Heisman, or vacating the National Championship. The only reason Reggie Bush eventually got busted was because Lloyd Lake wanted his money, and there's no one in this situation with an interest in spilling the beans on what really happened.
Heisman winner Cam Newton declares for NFL draft
Most Powerful People In Sports? The Fans 
Old-school hub centre steering on track to make its MotoGP comeback

Lawrence Taylor admits to improper sexual conduct.
So now we know why Bobby Valentine isn't the Mets new manager
It's spread to the high school level! Texas school unveils nation's first red turf high school field.
If Albert Haynesworth is going to burn a bridge, he may have to try even harder next year, as Bruce Allen said Thursday he wasn't opposed to Haynesworth's return. Even though Haynesworth told Allen last month he was done speaking to coach Mike Shanahan.
Dolphin predicts 1st pick of MLS draft.
When Large Dunking Man Meets Poorly Made Backboard
Yankees sign reliever Rafael Soriano to a three-year, $35 million deal.
Mixture Mug: Real take advantage with comeback victory,
Real Madrid recovered superbly from an early deficit to claim a 3-1 win over bitter rivals Atletico in a hugely entertaining Copa del Rey quarter-final first-leg at the Bernabeu this evening..
Tony Parker Breaks Silence on Difficult Split With Eva
Distracting glare detracts from first game at Oregon's new arena
Son of former NBA player Popeye Jones is eyeing an NHL career
Jays' Vernon Wells acknowledges he isn't worth his contract.
Add this to the list of basketball leagues I'm more interested in than WNBA.
HOW IS BABBY FORMED? How Bábby break backboard?
Is This the Apotheosis of the NFL?
RichRod donates Michigan garb to Salvation Army store
Bob Holtzman gives away part of Steelers gameplan.
All-encompassing baseball history book?
This is the real story of Sebastian the Ibis.
'Rafa Slam' would be amazing, Laver says; don't call it Grand - USATODAY.com
Thermodynamic Pitchers.  “It’s wonderful that he knows how a curveball works. Now if he could only throw one.”
New York Jets Back Up Their Talk - WSJ.com - Good read even if you're not a fan
High school baseball player runs from practice, jumps out of  10th floor of nearby hotel
India vs South Africa 3rd ODI Live Streaming
NFLGREAT License Plate on an old Ford Thunderbird in Bel Air, Los Angeles.  Anyone know who it is?
The 10 Most Memorable Speeches in Sports History
Chad Ochocinco might be hunting for a new home - in New England.
Hope Springs Eternal for NFL Fans (even when it shouldn't)
Retiring Gil Meche puts a price tag on his pride: It's $12 million 
NFLPA Files Collusion Claim vs. NFL's Owners - No New CBA In Sight 
This ESPN Radio's Freddie Coleman. I've always wondered what he looked like. Finally decided to look him up today.
MLB: Most creative contract clauses of offseason - ESPN
r/sports: What sportswriter would you say you READ most often? For me, it's Joe Posnanski.
Photo Story: The Ballad of ‘Bathroom Ben’ and Friends
What Would Paying Student-Athletes Look Like?  -  The Blog of the NCAA
First of all why is Barry Switzer a Lakers fan, and when did he learn to dance like this?
Venus goes down the rabbit hole
Strat-O-Matic Turns 50 &gt; Man I am old, I remember playing this in High School (35 years ago)
Yanks' Cashman admits Soriano deal wasn't his.
THE SHIRT IS MINE GRANDMA!
The NBA trade deadline is a month away, do you see any trade surprises happening?
Stolen Olympic Silver medal; a call to action to help athlete's medal from Beijing games 
Thousands of Sports Fans Drunk After Football, Baseball Games, Study Finds - Bloomberg.... Really, who would have thought??  
ESPN.com interview with Sports Fans Coalition. Be sure to check out the video up top. 
Al Davis gives state of the Raiders (and looks horrible doing it)
...if evidence suggests that Lance Armstrong was directing illegal doping activity, the inquiry could result in charges against him of conspiracy, wire fraud, money laundering, racketeering, drug trafficking and defrauding the U.S. government.
Ron Artest: In-N-Out the 'only reason I'm in LA'
Tennis Player Breaks Racket in Incredible Show of Strength
Can't afford a ticket to the Super Bowl?  Now you can stand outside the stadium for a measly $200.
Billy Walters, the greatest sports gambler of all time
This is why I watch The Onion: Sports Dome.
DEFENSE: i love it!! if you love it too AFC Championship Sun.. Till then a preview...
(NFL Film's) Steve Sabol called Timberlake the father of the Super Bowl, because his poor performance indirectly led to the two leagues merging and the Super Bowl being formed.
Branch says last week was Jets' Super Bowl
Anyone else think the Lakers will somehow manage to trade scraps for an All Star point guard before the deadline?
This map looks pretty blue
 Football Training Drill: Passing - Crossing Progressive Training Plan: Session 1 of 6
FC United goalkeeper Sam Ashton scores wonder goal from own area
Angry audio: sports talk show host goes overboard with rant, saying team's ownership family is the devil themselves and that deceased patriarch is laughing in hell with Satan [audio]
No more oil checking in high school wrestling
watching the Celtics vs Jazz game.. why do the jazz get so little respect?
The first ever Mr. Basketball in the state of Indiana passed away recently. His story is pretty remarkable.
Quick player help.
Alberto Contador given one-year doping ban
How an athlete goes broke: Gilbert Arenas spends $5,000/month to feed his sharks, $675 per car washing and $8,000 on a toy Mercedes-Benz electric car
Jeff Fisher follows Vince into the abyss.. what the hell are the Titans doing?!
2011 NBA All-Star Starters
The NHL Guardian Project is pretty cool...until you come to The Maple Leaf
Except for Bird and Stockton, who would you say are the top white basketball players?
Kansas Basketball: Grading the Pro Prospects of the Current Jayhawks 
U.S. Government seizes domain of a Spain-based website linking to sports matches.
Best college quarterback in the country, and one of the smartest at that. Andrew Luck can do it all.Run, pass, graduate with a degree in architectural design (which is in the Civil and Environmental Engineering Department at Stanford), and even tackle
US Customs begins shutting down sites offering live sports broadcasts because of the Superbowl
Losing as Destiny by Joe Posnanski
Los Angeles Lakers' Kobe Bryant encourages Pau Gasol to be more aggressive - ESPN Los Angeles
Does anyone remember the name of the player who refused to commit to a college unless the coach promised to stay the whole time player was at the school?
The Greatest pep talk of all time
Jermaine Dye Likely to Retire
Remember when UCF was ranked?
Opps!  Recruit's mom forged letter of intent signature but recruit had decided on the other school.
Redskins owner Dan Snyder's sues DC paper for $2M; claims he was defamed, victim of anti-Semitic imagery
Four days before Sunday's Super Bowl in Arlington, Texas, tickets for the game are being sold for an average of $4,683. That's over twice the amount they went for last year in Miami.
17 year old number 1 ranking NCAA Football pick
TIL Keyshawn Johnson is an interior designer.
The ridiculous costs of Super Bowl XLV
Top recruit DeAnthony Thomas switches commitment from USC Trojans to Oregon Ducks - ESPN Los Angeles
Former USC Trojans QB Mitch Mustain not charged with felony -ESPN (Something about this is very suspicious)
Robert Kubica sets Valencia test pace for Renault
Yogi Berra hedges his bets
Birthdays in the Davis family follow Steelers' wins - and there was a birth this year! 
Bernstein: Watching The Super Bowl Is Hard
Mr. Excitement from the Super Bowl VISA Commercials. The guy who brags about missing the birth of children to go to the Super Bowl? Yeah, It's true.
Chronology of Dan Snyder vs. Washington City Paper
What has two thumbs and REALLY loves designated drivers? (A: Joe Theismann!)
The Cavs have officially snagged the longest losing streak in NBA history
Is there a live chat about the superbowl I could join?
Fan's FPV of catching a homerun ball
Wake Forest baseball coach donates kidney to former player
Authorities believe this is the first time a human has died as a result of a cockfight.
410 lb. Sumo Wrestler to run LA Marathon
Kansas Employs Senior Citizens to Make Sure Jayhawks Go to Class  
For this football recruit, Signing Day means 'a place to stay, food to eat'

Hail to Spud Webb, the shortest NBA Slam Dunk winner ever [VIDEO]
Dallas presents key to the city to Michael Vick
1870 feet from the ground - would you dare?
Is there a site that lists the schedules of ALL games (NCAA and NBA) as well at what networks will be showing them? 
Empire State Building splitting the color theme for each team on Super Bowl XLV
Who are ya'lls favorite sports writers?
Personal Foul: Roughing the Passer
Before Sunday, the NFC had not won back-to-back Super Bowls since 1997.
Amazing Night Surfing
March Madness bubble teams and choke jobs
Ok /r/Sports - settle the long standing debate. Plural of RBI = RBIs or RBI?
According to ESPN, a recent Facebook thread involving Jimmer Fredette has been given the label of epic.  I dunno about that one...
Dante Cunningham of the Blazers was wearing a very strange facemask “He needed a facemask after getting elbowed in the eye against the Cavs”
Who else but John Daly?
E-Mails Reveal Concerns About Olympic Luge Track
Ex-University of Washington/Sixers/Nets center Todd MacCulloch is now a pinball wizard
What's on sports tomorrow?
Trooper Taylor working hard towards permanent vacation.
Was anyone else watching ESPN and think their TV went out during Baylor vs Texas A&amp;M highlights?
Déjá vu: China accused of altering athlete's birthdates   - Olympics
They found the guy who inserted 37 seconds of hardcore porn into the Tucson area broadcast of the Steelers-Cardinals Super Bowl.
Text from legal documents explaining NFL's claim of bad faith bargaining by the NFLPA. 
Spanish rider Alberto Contador cleared of doping charge.
2011 McDonald's All American Rosters Announced
Game winning 4 point play in high school basketball
Tupac Fan Blocks PAC-12 Web Plans
would you like to buy a vowel?
Cards and Pujols don't make deal before deadline; Pujols will not accept any trade during season
Lance Armstrong officially retiring. Again.
Meanwhile, in GARMISCH-PARTENKIRCHEN
Joba the Hut reports for spring training
The European Court of Justice is to make a ruling which may decide whether UK football fans can still watch major events on free-to-air TV in future.
The return of Larry Dobrow's brilliant MLB Power Rankings column.
Photo Story: 'La Decisión' – ARod Counsels Albert Pujols
NFL, NFLPA Agree to Mediation
Who has the best crossover in the NBA right now?
Cassy Herkelman defeated twice in today’s matches and is now out of the state wrestling tournament. 
Previewing the 2011 Sprite Slam Dunk Contest 
NBA hall of famer, Bill Russell, talks about his life and what it means to receive the Medal of Freedom
Pujols wants to be a Cardinal for life, so why isn't he?
TIL about the poignant story of a man who has a compelling personal crusade to honor deceased Negro League baseball players.
Andy Roddick wins 30th title with great shot [Video]
Why Kids Quit Soccer?
Why Kids Quit Soccer?
Sporting New App
FieldLevel Team helps coaches follow NCAA recruitment rules. 
A wonderfully written article on the Cricket World Cup that is happening right now. 
Gold Fever - the documentary following the British 4- in the four years prior to the 2000 Olympics
Video of Charles Barkley saying he pops Viagra like Tic-tacs. (Around 0:30)
Interested in joining the Reddit Hockey League? (Fantasy hockey simulator league) - x/post from r/hockey
DAE feel that slow motion has taken sports to a whole new level of enjoyment? (x-post from videos)
UConn To Hear NCAA Findings Today; Sources Say Jim Calhoun Will Be Cited
Video From Eric LeGrand's Fundraiser... First Public Appearance Since Accident That Left Him Paralyzed During a Football Game
Carmelo Looked Confused On Conan Last Night
 Former Auburn Player To Detail Pay-for-Play Allegations On HBO Special
At the very end, somebody took a dump right where I stood in the dugout every day, Dusty Baker on his last day's as Cub's manager. 
Colorado Eagles Coach Has A Rather Odd Way of Reacting to a Bad Call... Stripping? (Crossposted from /r/videos)
As 'Melo arrives, Zeke hides in shadows 
7 sports heroes that actually were heroes 
Photo Story: Requiem For an Era
Still the best dunk contest performance.  The only prop used was T-Mac.  
Social media put new spin on NFL contract talks 
Next time, we pay the dude
CalTech ends 310-game losing streak that started in 1985!
Stumbled across 2007 Mayweather vs Hatton weigh in video. Jaw dropping support by English fans.
Mo Williams for Baron Davis? Cavs' bold trade move gives fans hope
If fans had a seat at table with NFL owners and players, what would be on their list of demands?
FACT OJ Mayo Trade WAS Cancelled
You can't watch this guy work out and not say, Wow, [Ex-Colorado offensive line coach Denver] Johnson said. 'I mean, I slapped him on the ass out there one day and I've got a quarter horse in Tennessee that doesn't have an ass on him like that. hahahha, wtf coach!
A list of all the 2011 NBA trades courtesy of True Hoop
UTEP head coach Tim Floyd ejected from game; escorted off by police
Pro Sports vs. the Web Pirates
Kings want more time to consider move
THE LOCKER ROOM RULES 

Red Sox vow to lock up Gonzalez, but how much will it take?
Why basketball hoops with rims bolted through the glass are not good to use
NHL TV ratings strong in Pittsburgh, Buffalo &amp; Detroit.  Guess who rounds out the bottom?
Apparently all it takes for full access to the Daytona 500 is a limo.
In Africa, Lessons on Passion and Perspective for Clayton Kershaw
Hall of Fame Brooklyn Dodger center fielder Duke Snider died today. The Silver Fox was 84.
Baseball's All-Time Home Run Kings
Bears release Tommie Harris and Hunter Hillenmeyer
Huge Badasses
UAE Sport: 54 Years Separate Youngest and Oldest Abu Dhabi International Triathlon Competitors
Cody Ross hopes he's found a home with San Francisco Giants
Garret Anderson announces retirement
Vernon Gholston had to record one sack, forced fumble or fumble recovery to reach a 9 million dollar escalator ONE TIME in three seasons.
Barry Bonds' trainer may return to prison
Judge Says N.F.L. Acted Against Players When It Renegotiated Television Deals
Umpin' ain't easy...
1998-99 1st Team All-American, SEC player of the year, one of the highest vertical leaps in the nation...unfortunately, a nobody in the NBA.
Cubs players get into fight with each other during spring training game
Kansas rallies in second half to put TAMU away
so our high school lost our girls semi finals, but there was some controversy, opinions?
A slide-show essay on Seattle's floating dome, Edmonton's Omniplex, and other great unbuilt stadiums.
England to hand back the ashes to Australia
England to hand back the ashes to Australia
Cubs in mid-season form: 6-run, 3-error first inning leads to scuffle between Carlos Silva and Aramis Ramirez. 
Cubs in mid-season form: 6-run, 3-error first inning leads to scuffle between Carlos Silva and Aramis Ramirez. 
Cubs in mid-season form: 6-run, 3-error first inning leads to scuffle between Carlos Silva and Aramis Ramirez. 
Cubs in mid-season form: 6-run, 3-error first inning leads to scuffle between Carlos Silva and Aramis Ramirez. 
Cubs in mid-season form: 6-run, 3-error first inning leads to scuffle between Carlos Silva and Aramis Ramirez. 
Cubs in mid-season form: 6-run, 3-error first inning leads to scuffle between Carlos Silva and Aramis Ramirez. 
Philander Moore, Sterling Lovelady, and more - 10 amazing names of incoming college football recruits.
Billy Beane talks 'Moneyball,' scarves and healthcare
Yes Bleacher Report, because they were the San Francisco Giants in 1951.

NFL vet Nate Jackson on Why an NFL Lockout Would Be Good for Football
Figure skating blades- Pattern 99 vs. Gold Seal
Figure skating blades- Pattern 99 vs. Gold Seal
McRae 'flew helicopter illegally' :Rally driver Colin McRae should not have been flying the helicopter in which he and three passengers died, a fatal accident inquiry is told.
Hundreds mourn teen basketball hero
Unpublished Photos From the Lead Up to Ali-Frazier
A dining table has set the land speed record for world's fastest  furniture!  (video)
Today is the 40th Anniversary of Ali vs. Frazier, one of the most electrifying sporting events in America's history
Stupid Company Files Stupid Lawsuit Against Michael Jordan And LeBron James
Cuttino Mobley wants to open marijuana dispensary.
As a Brewer fan, I was optimistic about this season...until about 10 minutes ago when I found this out.
Sports Audio Archive Added to Library of Congress
Vettel Fastest - Pre-Season Testing in Barcelona, Day Two
Update: Pacioretty suffers concussion, vertebrae injury
Inspired by a post in AskReddit, what are the best sports related conspiracy theories you've heard?
If only there was a sports.bestof... Woe 
is you, Kansas.
Clay Travis: Ohio State and Jim Tressel are Fucked
American baseball players try cricket.
The Angels have been misspelling Kendry Morales' name for six years.  He just now told them.
r/NBA crosspost: Luol Deng as a rookie, on what would have happened had he grown up in Sudan: The lucky ones would have gone into the army. Others might have died. They would have been mistreated because of my name. So many relatives, so many supporters, have died because of my name.
One of the most spectacular saves I have ever seen
One of the best NHL games ever
The Ten Most Bizarre Injuries in Baseball
Miguel Cabrera is One Crazy SOB When Drunk~
NFL players: Why don't you offer us ownership stakes if we give you a greater share of revenue.  NFL owners: No. Fucking. Way. 
What lesser known sports story from the past 30 years would you like to see made into an ESPN 30 for 30 type documentary?
Premier League referee gets away with an invisible yellow card
What are your favorite sports puns?
Practice? Are we talking about practice?  This is why these guys are so good.
As Deadline Passes, NFLPA Decertify
Video and TV major.  Love making highlight films.  Tell me what you think!
The Fulmer Cup
NFL Lockout Q&amp;A
NFL planning to impose Lockout 
In N.C.A.A. Tournament, There's No Place Like (Close to) Home 
As NFL Talks Collapse, Players Disband Union: Fight Headed to Courts as Two Sides Remain Far Apart
Top 15 fighters acquired in UFC deal with Strikeforce
Why doesn't the mlb make their video publicly available like the NHL or NFL?
Arkansas fires coach John Pelphrey
NCAA Tournament Seed Personalities- Part 1
How We Made Our N.C.A.A. Picks - High Tech Picks from Nate Silver
Coin Flips Decide The 2011 NCAA Men's Basketball Championship
NCAA Bracket as a Blind Taste Test
Gov. Brown's plan to close California's budget gap could cost the 49ers their new stadium
Jeff Capel fired.  What OU now needs in a coach.
What if they stayed in school?  How the NCAA tourney would look. 
Player head butts oponent during Roma vs Lazio 
Nice drive and finish by Paul Pierce in last night's game against the Nets
A March Bracket for Baseball fans:  2011 Major League Baseball Bracket. Round 1 is up and will run through Noon PDT Friday 3/18.
Can someone explain to me why the NFLPA decided to decertify?
Good article on the Jack Adams race, for the NHL coach of the year
This is messed up. A professional Russian soccer player is claiming he was physically beaten until he agreed to terminate his contract.  
Alaska's John Baker wins Iditarod; Officer Poncharello not available for comment. 
NBA ref sues beat reporter for tweeting the facts, demands a retraction; this action demands a reaction
Using Advanced Metrics (KenPom!) to Separate Contenders From Pretenders in This Year’s NCAA Tournament Field
USADA study says Americans find PEDs use most serious problem in sports
For those of you who don't get TruTV, TNT, or TBS, you can stream the games for free with NCAA on Demand
London Olympic organizers have admitted only about half of tickets for the major events will be available to the public
Eskimo John Baker wins Iditarod.  First Eskimo ever to do so.
The Story of how a man seduced his wife into loving sports as much as he does.
Did anybody catch the Tiger fart at the Tavistock Cup?
Roger Goodell tells ESPN that draft boycott would be 'a shame'
The 25 Worst Referee Soccer Decisions of all time
David Haye: I don't regret my 'gang rape' remark
Bracket deck?
Your feelings on winning this Cup? [video]
After suffering a fractured vertebrae at the base of his neck, Calgary Flames' Daymond Langkow taking part in practice in this morning [PIC]
Check out the new definition for a defenseless player.
Sacramento Kings to become Anaheim Royals?
Soon to be ex-Sacramento Kings filing trademarks for Anaheim Royals, Anaheim Royals of Southern California, Orange County Royals and Los Angeles Royals. Greater LA to become the basketball capital of the world?
Donald Sterling claims to have hired Elgin Baylor to be VP of player personel of the clippers w/o knowing he was a hall of famer
It's Time For The Voice of Summer
Braves coach loses an eye after being struck by a linedrive.
The Sacramento Kings have taken yet another step toward a potential move to Southern California.
Top big-wave surfer killed in wipeout off California  
Kevin Burnett Calls Out 'Liar' Goodell
Vandy Falls to Richmond.  Whoa.
So who has the worst bracket?
RIP Sion Milowsky-Big wave surfer
England is Only One Away from the Grand Slam
The MADNESS is Sports at its Finest
A letter from the Commissioner of the NFL. Courtesy of Chris Kluwe
Any Denver fans interested in a free box of sports cards (Broncos, Nuggets and a few Rockies)?
Michael Strahan says some NFL players live paycheck to paycheck
Def Jef &amp; DJ Eric Vaughn with the 1990 USA Soccer Team - Victory
Amazing Stick Save
Still Far From the Title, Florida Beats U.C.L.A. Anyway 
So much for that.
KU too much for Illini, moves to Sweet 16
You don't have to be a climber to appreciate a good climbing video. Chris Sharma on Dreamcatcher 5.15b
$12 million to go home: Mets release Oliver Perez, eat salary
The ball that got Sachin was best of my career: Rampaul
Knoxville media: UT has informed Bruce Pearl that he will be fired
Any Houston fans interested in a free box of sports cards (Astros, Rockets and Oilers)?

Sports Illustrated's SI.COM highlights some interesting images from the sports world 
Penguins forward Matt Cooke suspended for rest of the regular season and thru the 1st round of playoffs for elbow in the head.
400-Pound Sumo Wrestler Finishes L.A. Marathon
BracketLOLogy
Sports card collectors? I just created /r/cardgallery. Show off your cards! All sports welcome.
A Trip Down Memory Lane: The 1991 NBA Finals - Lakers vs. Bulls
Bruce Pearl Fired; Tennessee Basketball Fans Remember Coach's Greatest Hits
Lawrence Taylor sentenced to 6 months of probation
Bonds Trial: Did Slugger Know He Was Doing Drugs?
What Sports Radio Shows Do You Like?
The most awesome dunk contest
L.A. Dodgers: Which Minor League Prospect Will Be Called Upon First in 2011?
A great feature on Raptors coach Jay Triano's friendship with Terry Fox (Canadian Cancer Hero)
Cha-Ching! Floyd Mayweather cashes in on Derrick Rose and the Bulls
Lawrence Taylor must register as a sex offender
This is still my favorite sports commercial, by far. What's yours?
Great NYTimes writeup on KenPom.com and College Basketball analytics 
DAE have a large collection of sports cards that they plan on keeping as an investment?
Middle East nations, despite political upheaval and violence, still keep sports alive somehow.
MJ offers UNC bball players new Jordans if they reach the final 4
The Race for Home Court: Handicapping the 2011 NBA Contenders
I love videos of old vets schooling young prospects. but I only have 2. Got more?
Cheap   Adidas Women’s Pro Model 08 Team Color Basketball Shoes
The Biggest Winner
The Inexact Science of Finding a Coach
The Pistons Continue to Crumble 
NFL lockout lets players follow the dream - The Irish Times - Thu, Mar 24, 2011
Bonds balls being ogled!
He fit the description.
This Butler male cheerleader is EXCITED 'Dawgs are going back to Final 4. [video]
Who's your vote for the Stats Hall of Fame? (funny video with Cuban and Simmons)
Longest national title streak in collegiate history ends
Is Brett Wallace the real deal for the Astros?
Brazilian Goalkeeper scores 100th Goal of his Career
BBC Sport - Football - Fabio Capello regrets England captaincy saga
Ochocinco's soccer career to end soon
Burglars stole Evan Longoria's (legal) AK-47
College basketball player reaches 3,000 points
Mascot Bloopers
Auburn players given money, sex to play football?
Why Alex Ferguson is the best manager ever...
Remember this? Get's me every time. 
Roger Clemens eager to defend himself in court.  Why?  Does anyone still believe his story?
Jim Tressel apologizes for violations
Blues hang ten on Red Wings
Fiesta Bowl misconduct could bring felony charges
The 10 best things about baseball's Opening Day.
Apparently inspired by MAJOR LEAGUE, A pair of superstitious high-school ball players in Texas decided to try ending their slump by slaughtering chickens
Mets reportedly seeking $200 million for a minority share of the team.
On Saturday two of the greatest sportsmen ever face each other. Here's an article on just how good one of them is. 
If you've ever wondered how NFL/NBA/MLB Owners trick taxpayers of their cities into paying for new stadiums/arenas, check out this informative site...
Von Miller to attend NFL Draft despite his name being on the labor suit.  
UConn fans be crazy. And not the good kind of crazy.
can somebody explain why shaun marion just got an and1 and tyson chandler shot the free throw??????
The problem with the MLB having no salary cap
The Rooney rule to be applied in England? 
Scoops Callahan: 1920's R3portr Guy [VID3O]
What sports record do you want to see broken in your lifetime?
Fulham (EPL) puts a statue of Michael Jackson in front of stadium.
Raiders WR Louis Murphy arrested for possession of... Wait what?!
Rob Huebel will win this one for Butler
Self healing ice developed for short and long track speedskating.
Greatest sports speech ever? [video x/post]
Ask r/sports: Has there ever been a championship game where both teams had the same mascot?
No Shining Moments (@EricStangel is hilarious!)
NC State AD Deborah Yow sends not-so-encouraging letter to Wolfpack fans.
How one coach influenced his students on and off the field (god that's a cheesy title but it's a great read)
Why are championship T-shirts and hats always so tacky?
This is actually the proper way to harvest cranberries
Mark Gottfried Named Next NC State Head Basketball Coach
Tyshawn Taylor and Thomas Robinson to Stay at Kansas
Redskins, despite lockout, seek ticket payments
Roscoe Smith and Jeremy Lamb. Acting some sorta strange
Dodgers hire ex-LAPD chief William Bratton to review the team's stadium security
I'm just looking to see who's going to finish second
Defense rests in Barry Bonds trial
Reddit, I give you God's Gift...
Sports fan temper tantrums...this dude has 'em.
How much of an impact does a caddy have to the success of a pro golfer?
NCAA Hockey Championship going into OT...
Shark can take the arm off this surfer, but cannot take the surfer out of....
Most annoying sports cliché?
UCONN MEN: Kemba Walker to declare for NBA Tuesday
The New Haven Register
ESPN is desperately trying to get a sub-par triple play off of their Best of the Best poll for about a week now...
Here's why Dice-K's getting smoked, and hasn't been the same since 2008.
Lawrence Taylor gets lowest sex offender status
Help me get my song into a new NBA game! (x-post from r/gaming)
25 Funny Quotes of Yogi Berra
Skiier Jaimie Laidlaw Will Attempt to Ski World's 4th Tallest Mountain, Lhotse, 27,890ft
Any Charlotte fans interested in a some Hornets cards?  FREE!
/r/sports, a while back there were posts about a spurs player who would play footsies with other players and hurt them. Was it Dejuan Blair?
Jimmer Fredette asked to stay out of classes
NFL offer shifts $300M from rookies to vets... of course agents don't like it
Department of Justice asked to investigate BCS

UCONN MEN: National championship parade may be called off in Connecticut
Josh Johnson is throwing a No Hitter through 7 innings
ITT: I explain why baseball seems slow.
Getting to know the real Maverick Carter LeBron James business manager childhood friend 
Nadal on track for record breaking seventh win at Monte Carlo
Jordan Believes Bobcats Can Become a Destination Franchise
Even JaMarcus Russell's life coach no longer believes in him. 
All right, MLB is considering more replay for fair/foul and trapped ball calls. How do you feel about it?
ESPN Radio, constant commercials?
TIL The Packers passed up Barry Sanders for The Incredible Bust in 1989
Does anyone know if the pie tradition actually started with the Yankees?
Jackie Robinson Day.
2011 NBA Defensive Player Of The Year: Dwight Howard – Chasing 23 Writers’ Picks
Lance and a Ferrari continue to meet in Italy.
Todd McShay Struggles Mightily With ESPN’s Touch Screen Technology
IAAF introduce new gender rules. 
Video: Softball Legend Jennie Finch on Retirement and Possible Comeback
Marathon great Grete Waitz dies of cancer at age 57

Trick-play fake pickoff move to end the game. Maryville College vs. Carson-Newman College.
Grete Waitz, the first lady of the marathon, dies at 57 - Yahoo! Sports
I guess Greenberg is serious when he says he was never good at sports
Dear Rupert Murdoch, cut this shit out!
Alternate Reality Sports Paraphenalia
NBA 2011 Playoffs: Defense is best offense | Sports News Chronicle
The Dan Plan: From newbie to professional golfer in 10,000 hours
Poor Brendan Haywood.
Well... that's a random John Daly sighting (At 1:55)
Cal State Long Beach cheerleading team stripped of title amid cheating scandal
Video: Kobe Bryant, other Lakers record PSA about accepting others - Ball Don't Lie - NBA Blog - Yahoo! Sports
Nadal and Ferrer on track to meet in Barcelona finals
A woman who is clearly excited to be in a good seat at the beginning over overtime in a playoff hockey game...
Lady, you're doing it wrong: Brewers fan professes her love for Ryan Braun, inadvertently gives all of greater Milwaukee TMI.
2011 NBA Rookie of the Year - Chasing 23 Writers' Picks
Tony Mandarich is enjoying life behind the camera - Shutdown Corner - NFL Blog - Yahoo! Sports
Travis Snider breaks his bat over his thigh (Bo Jackson style) after striking out in the 6th inning with the bases loaded against the Yankees [vid]
Why are you shocked? Mavs have too much emotional baggage
...findings point to a variety of factors that contribute to fanship, including our instinct for tribal affiliation, our desire to participate in tradition, and our hunger for compelling characters and dramatic story lines.
It’s not the first time a woman pulled a knife on Brandon Marshall (VIDEO)
Vancouver Chicago Game 6, Who ya got?
Neither Ban Nor Tumor Can Stop Top NFL Prospect

How many best-of-7 series have started 3-0 and gone to game 7 across modern pro sports? (based on a similar quesiton to /r/hockey)
BBC Sport - World Snooker: Stephen Hendry urged to reconsider
Fishing has never been so easy..
Everything to Prove....Behind the scenes of prepping for the NFL draft
Why I love (field) hockey. Choose almost any match and watch the highlights (sadly no commentary). 
Baseball Etiquette Question: Attending a game where you are not a fan of either team, attire?
Judge orders end to NFL lockout, league to appeal - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
LA Lakers Derrick Caracter arrested on New Orleans for allegedly pushing a pregnant cashier. Police later said the woman was not pregnant.
Olofinjana delays Shittu’s promotion celebrations
NFF set for Dream Team, Falcons’ matches
Fenerbahce, Karabukspor agree fee for Emenike
Rabiu Afolabi out of return leg
NFL owners are the greediest among all
Probably not the best choice of a banner ad
35 years ago today, Rick Monday made the greatest play in baseball history by saving the U.S. flag...
Weiner talks Performance Enhancing Drugs in Sports
Pujols Hurt In Cardinals' Win - ESPN Video - ESPN
What is the lamest cause of a DL stint you've ever seen served in professional sports?
Forget Tebow, here's Denver's new quaterback:
Jump Manual
How Much of the NBA Home Court Advantage Is Explained by Rest?
ESPNW. W=Women. Didn't know this existed. 
TIL Mr. Irrelevant in the NFL Draft is given a trophy that looks like the heisman fumbling
Who do you think is the most fair-weather fan base in sports?
7th inning stretch in Japan.
NFL lockout feed: Somehow I'm not surprised. 
Yes the Habs win! ThANK YOU MSO
it's time for GAME SEVEN! - Habs-Bruins
India Golf Clubs Photos
Peyton Hillis wins Madden '12 cover contest!!!
Darnell Dockett might have the best Twitter bio I've ever seen. 
WWII Era Rules for London Golf Course...Damn
Long live the playoff beard
The SKOHRboard Big Board Top 80 Players in the 2011 NFL Draft
The other side of Randy Couture
Every time I want to read an interesting article on NFL.com
Awesome clip of Allen Iverson owning sophomore Dwight Howard
Full NHL Round 2 Playoff Schedule Released!
NFL Draft #1 Overall Picks &amp; The Houses They Bought With Their Millions – Aerial Photos
Athletic Therapy News: Canadian Paralympic Committee Announces Mission Staff for London 2012 and Guadalajara 2011
The Story Behind Last Night's Buzzer-beater by Gary Neal 
This is how the old Yankee Stadium was taken apart - one patch of sod at a time. Literally.
The Macho Rhino 2011 NFL Mock Draft
The Worst Sports Broadcaster of All Time
The Puerto Rican Leandro Barbosa Filberto Rivera, leads a stacked Bnei Hasharon team to a big game 1 win in the playoffs. 
Resources | Potty Training Toddlers
SKOHRboard &amp; Stangs League 2011 NFL Mock Draft Results.  Full 2 Rounds with writeups!
Wherein the AP interviews two 9-year-old girls without a hint of humor or light-heartedness (scroll down)
Is anyone else extremely annoyed with the Top 10 Plays on SportsCenter?
Reggie Bush either thinks he's on his way out of New Orleans...or he's showing props to the Hornets.
Hey r/sports, if the entire 2011 season is locked out how will the 2012 draft order be decided?
In general, which strategy do you prefer? Hmm...decisions, decisions.
Calendario MotoGp 2011
What the Grizzlies win means to Memphis: Comments on the daily newspaper website after last night's win. Kind of a heartwarming read.
George Mason hires former Georgia Tech basketball coach Paul Hewitt to replace Jim Larranaga.
Excellent photo depicting the Maloof Brothers
Ye Old Supermarket Trolley Jousting Tournament
MotoGP Estoil: Ordine d'arrivo
Capitals were undone by their poor power play
What NFL team do you think had the best draft...that isn't your team?
How beautiful
Detroit Lions Super Bowl Champs!
atlanta hawks own jameer nelson 
Hey /r/sports, is there an U.S. American TV Channel who shows the Icehockey World Championship this year?
Pacquiao-Mosley: Head-to-Head Analysis
Hey Security Guy. This is how Boozer fouls.
Sir Henry Cooper, the former boxer, dies aged 76 
After getting hit in the head on the first pitch of his first MLB at bat which ended his carrer in the majors, Greenburg faced the pitcher again.
Liriano tosses a no-no!
Post-Spring NCAAF Top-25 Rankings
Bill Russell’s Legacy Celebrated with a Statue in Boston (x-post from r/NBA)
Darkside Surfing
Ball smashes through the commentary box window and hits the commentator.
Nadal to meet Del Potro in last 16
And then there was golf.... Bye Caps
No. 9 overall pick Tyron Smith expected to be an immediate starter for the Dallas Cowboys.
Boston to honor Celtics’ legend Bill Russell with statue 
Boston Bruins: Dupont's analysis of Game 3 
The most compliant man in the world...(According to the NCAA lol)
Von Miller, then and now: How recruits grow (and grow some more) into draft picks, by the numbers
Bill Russell to get a statue in Boston!
Every Pac-12 football and men's basketball game will be televised on either ESPN, Fox Sports or a new Pac-12 network, according to the new television contract the conference announced Wednesday.
Haven't seen this on here yet, but Team USA Wrestling vs. Russia out in Times Square.  Streaming for free on FloWrestling!
Announcer Rap - Can't have your Howie with a lockout looming
The worst real thoroughbred names in Kentucky Derby history
Gp Turkish - Vettel poleposition
FormulaOne 2011 Season
Giro d'Italia 2011 - General standigs
Giro 2011 - stage Venaria Reale to Turin
As a U of A fan, this hurts. Arizona's Miller to interview vacant coaching spot at Maryland.
Andre Ethier's Hitting Streak ends at 30 games.
2011 FORMULA 1 TURKISH GRAND PRIX - Team ranking
TURKISH GRAND PRIX
Giro 2011 - General standing
Giro 2011 - Second stage
Be careful when playing EverQuest with Doug Glanville
The Irrelevance of History to Sport?
Giro 2011 – 3rd stage Ángel Vicioso winner 
Any table tennis players?
Plays like this are so much better when you're actually at the game.
Tanner Hall is back and ripping it!
Milton Bradley is like Wikipedia - the more you learn, the more you realize what you don't know, and never will.
A couple of my friends and I have been doing a sports podcast for about six months now. Check us out! We are on itunes!
Minnesota Vikings, Governor Dayton, Ramsey County deal-makers to hold a press conference at 3pm CST to announce... something. Hint: It starts with S and rhymes with Radium.
If you were playing pro basketball in Utah, you'd get a tattoo like this, too.
Caron Butler to return for the Western Conference Finals?
If pro athletes (NHL, NBA, MLB) were paid average annual salary, what difference would there be?
Good fans stick around for their team through hail and back
Giro 2011: 5 stage
2011 NHL Mock Draft - Nugent-Hopkins projected 1st overall to the Edmonton Oilers
I now present to you the most heroic athlete of the year.
Tim Lincecum flies over SF in Red Bull Air Race Plane
Durantula's class
OKC blows out the Grizzlies to take a 3-2 lead in the series. Is Memphis out of gas?
Sport a scuola, con i campioni
Thunder Beat Grizzlies At Own Game
Once sure Favre done, Packers will retire No. 4
Pope Benedict XVI Checks Out Saints Superbowl Ring - Picture
Michigan is excited for game 7. Not so sure if California feels the same way...
Rose, James and Bryant headline All-NBA First Team
After watching the pitchers' duel between Baltimore's Zach Britton and Justin Vargas...
Giro 2011: 7 stage Weening always on pink
Giro 2011: 7th stage
Chinese Grip On Table Tennis Loosened
Appreciate the Zen Master
Draftrank's 2011 NBA Mock Draft 2.0 - Irving projected 1st overall! 
TIL The SF Giants have balldudes, and sometimes old time crew members of the Grateful Dead get the job.  (Last question)
I'm watching a ball game off an international feed, and the commercials are buzzer beaters, flashbacks, and interviews with ball players. This is amazing/money ruins everything. 
Not all young Australian men want more sex? - Yahoo! News
Giro 2011: 8 tappa Weening ancora in rosa
Giro 2011: Ottava tappa vince Oscar Gatto
MotoGp 2011: Stoner in pole a Le Mans
Friends and family worry as athlete may be permanently stuck in Zone
Breaking News: Matt Barnaby allegedly still a giant douche
Islandic Soccer Team has practiced their goal celebrations...
Icelandic futbol team's celebrations.
Roger Goodell and the NFL’s PR culture
I'm having a blast doing this: Fantasy Sportsbook
Getting Teeth: Texas Law Would Send Unethical Agents to Jail
1968- the real year of the pitcher
This made me laugh and feel sad for Raptors fans
Tyler Hamilton claims Lance Armstrong used EPO in 1999 Tour de France
Armstrong used EPO in Tour, ex-teammate says
Dick Ebersol quits as head of NBC Sports 
Photo of Cassius M. Clay before his first fight 
Will the Flyers find a way to land Bryzgalov?
The NFL Lockout: Is It Punishment or Recess?
 One million people vie for Olympics 100 metre tickets
Alan and Jerome; Classic Fox Sportsnet NBA commerical
Ex-Laker Jerry West joins Warriors front office
Jerry West joins Warriors as advisor.
There's a small green shamrock painted on the back plate of Roloson's goalie mask — a shamrock with the initials KR inside it. And there are the letters TDLO for The Dream Lives On.
Three golf buddies decide to drive the ashes of their friend to a three-hole course north of the Arctic circle.
Hopkins defeats Pascal, becomes oldest champion in history
Site of neolithic sport hooliganism misread as ancient battle site: The archaeologists also found remains of two wooden clubs, one the shape of a baseball bat and made of ash, the second the shape of a croquet mallet and made of sloe wood.
The complete list of NBA players who have ever had a 50-40-90 (50% FG%, 40% 3PT%, 90% FT%) season.
Red Wings defenseman Brian Rafalski expected to announce retirement - NHL - Sporting News
In case you missed it, a recap of the Mavs' amazing comeback and Dirk's 4th quarter domination.
Big East to Split in 4-5 Years
Bruton, who was selected by the Broncos in the fourth round of the 2009 draft, has also kept his athleticism at peak level by playing kickball at recess with the aforementioned second-graders.
Very Early CFB Top 25
Say it ain't so, Lance!
NCAA Penalizes 103 Teams for Missing Academic Progress Mark
What is this? I found this on the ground at the gas station..
The Truth About Judging Players By Their Rings
When you talk about your favorite team, do you say we or they?
June 1st is the deadline for entering the ticket lottery for the next Superbowl
Players defends (wrestlingstyle) keeper from attacker from the crowd in Swedish top game.
A guy I know picked his March Madness bracket based on original logos that he drew for each city...
Giro 2011 - 18 tappa Morbegno - San Pellegrino Terme 151 km
Giro 2011 - Alberto Contador sempre in rosa
Buster Posey out for the season with a broken ankle after collision at home plate.
Giro 2011 - Alberto Contador sempre in maglia rosa
Ex-Ohio State Buckeyes player Ray Small says he sold title rings for cash 
More Buckeye Football Violations 
Who Doesn’t Love JibJab Now That They Have Baseball Videos? « Mark's Cubs Worship Pulpit
Giro 2011 - 19 tappa vince Tiralongo
Giro 2011 - classifica generale dopo la 19 tappa, Contador sempre in rosa
After a month-long search and long sessions debating the merits of three finalists, the Houston  Rockets offered Kevin McHale their head coaching position.
Is the OSU scandal good for the Big Ten ? How deep does it go ?
Drew Brees is a class act, standing up for what the people want and for what's right
Paterson won't be charged in Yankee tickets rap - Baseball- NBC Sports
It's the 20th anniversary of the greatest baseball highlight ever: McCray runs though a wall
I really hope this never happens. Brandon Roy is a class act and risked his career for Rip City.
Formula 1 - Classifica squadre
Formula 1 - Classifica piloti, Vettel sempre primo
Maglia bianca vince Kreuziger
Oscar Schmidt operato per un tumore al cervello
Nadal tops Ljubicic in the fourth round at Roland Garros
The crossover: genealogy of a vicious move.
Congrats to our unofficial $50,000 longest streak winner, 23-year old C. Deiss from Jenison, MI, whose cdeiss7 entry was the only to win 25 in a row.
With Tressel gone, is Pryor the next to leave OSU?
Top Summer Jobs for Locked Out NFL Stars - From comedy to coffee, here's how players are getting by
6 Year Old Beasts at his Chosen Sport

Why Reference Points Are Important In Sports Photography, OR: CSUB Baseball Team Fields A Midget!
If I was a Razorback fan I'd be steaming right now...
Howard Cosell's touching tribute to Muhammad Ali (1992)
A dying golf course on an island with no bridge.  A great read.
In the wake of Buster Posey's injury I think its important we all remember Buck Martinez completing a double play at the plate, all with a broken leg
60 Minutes stands by Lance Armstrong report
CBS News Chairman and 60 Minutes Executive Producer Jeff Fager responds after cyclist's lawyers demand apology
Federer Fan Takes Tumble = Here we go, here we go, there’s she’s there’s she’s awwwwhhhh she goes down!
Justice Department to meet with BCS officials. Finally.
i need your help. i missed the entire mavs comeback due to a dvr malfunction, then caught the last shot. where can i find this game?!
Sports fans of Reddit, how do you become a fan for a team?
Hey reddit my good friend just began writing a sports blog so check it out and give him some encouragement and feedback 
Tour 2011 - 19 tstage: Modane Valfréjus - Alpe-d’Huez 109.5 km - Preview
Tour 2011 - 20 stage: Grenoble - Grenoble 42,5 km - preview
Tuor 2011 - 21 stage: Créteil - Paris Champs-Élysées 95 km
Tour de France 2011 -  Team invited
Donnie Walsh leaving position as New York Knicks president
SI Ranks the Top 20 jobs in NCAA. As expected, there are absolutely no surprises.
Shaq Retires as The Big AARP
MotoGp 2011 - Barcellona, Simoncelli on pole
Here's an analysis we did of NBA free-throw shooting performance over 3 seasons.  Even NBA ballplayers choke under pressure.
19 Years Of Shaquille O'Neal in 4 Minutes
Tappa 18 - Ciclisti che hanno attraversato per primi il Col du Garbier
MotoGP Catalunya: Classifica team, Honda al comando
MotoGp Catalunya - Classifica piloti, Lorenzo al comando
MotoGp di Catalunya (Barcellona) first Stoner
Tour 2011 - 18 stage Pinerolo &amp;gt; Galibier - Serre Chevalier 200.5 km
Is anyone here subscribed to ESPN Insider? If so, is it worth it?  
The Unbeatable Rafa
FIFA Will Not Launch Probe into Qatar World Cup... but Will Not Prevent Ethics or Solutions Committees from doing so
NFL readies plan for 8-game season
OK, this is just terrifying to me...
The Green Men and their pals
Kevin McHale really, *really* wants to protect the paint.
Any wrestlers on reddit? Cael Sanderson is coming out of retirement for the 2011 U.S. World Team Trials.
Smartphone app helps coaches, parents and players identify, deal with, concussions.
Looking for Football Coach
NBA Finals Ratings: Are they high because of Miami's villainy or high-flying dunks?
Life-Size Hot Wheels .. Before the Indy 500, Top Gear US’ Tanner Foust put his truck onto a giant orange Hot Wheels ramp, living out every little kid’s fantasy and nailing a world-record 332-foot jump in the process.
Marv Albert Will Do NFL Games On CBS
Tour 2011 - 12 stage: Cugnaux - Luz Ardiden
Tour 2011 - 13 stage Pau &amp;gt; Lourdes 152,5 km
Tour 2011 - Plateau de Beille
Tour 2011 - 14 stage Saint-Gaudens Plateau de Beille 168.5 km
Tour 2011 - 15 stage Limoux - Montpellier 192.5 km
Tour 2011 - 16 stage Saint-Paul-Trois-Châteaux Gap 162.5 km
Question about getting a certificate of authenticity for an autograph.
Nanabula's Bruins rap song
Synchronized MOTORCYCLE double back-flip by Travis Pastrana and Cam Sinclair + Wheelchair Front Flip for kicks.
The concept of the instant legacy has permeated sport and lowered the level of intelligent discussion regarding how the game is played and the players who play it. - Howard Bryant on Nowitzki. Well said.
London 2012: Designing an Olympic torch for our time
Tour 2011 - 10 stage: Aurillac - Carmaux 158 km
This interview with Rafael Nadal is just bizarre and awkward.
Anyone interested in creating adult outdoor soccer team in South Jersey.
Former Yankees scout Dick Groch recalls Derek Jeter as high school player
10 Insanely Cool Summer Sports to Beat the Heat
Artery Plaque Killed Andy Irons. Even though the article suggests there were quite a few drugs in his system. RIP dude.
Breaking Bron-Bron Bulletin
TIL about the sport of Pato  
How do you pick what team to follow?
Guaranteed Best Sports Announcer (for a sport other than soccer) You'll Hear All Day.  
When I saw this last night, I thought DeShawn Stevenson had a penny on his neck.
Gp Canada: Vince Button davanti a Vettel, quarto Schumi
Classifica piloti. Vettel al comando secondo Button
What happened to ILEMI.EU?
Is Tim Thomas worthy of the Conn Smythe trophy regardless of the result of the series? Two sides of the argument.
Crazy Hot Dog Eater at Ranger Game
Those are some classy hockey fans right there!! 
Tim Donaghy On Game 6: Wandering Eyes
On this date in 1953, Collier's magazine first published Satchel Paige's rule: Don't look back. Something may be gaining on you.
Question on nationalistic tendencies in sports directed toward Arsenal fans in regard to the Bruins vs Cannucks Stanley Cup...
An Eagle for the USWNT
Dwight Howard will become a free agent in 2012
Zaza can't wait for game 7!!!
This golf writer loves to make Tiger Woods jokes
Colbert takes over MLB Twitter for 24 hours
T.J. Simers of the LA Times is a pretentious asshole. Herpdep for 10 paragraphs about Kobe not commenting on Brown. The season just ended!
Three thoughts before Game 7 - Chad Finn's Touching All The Bases - Boston.com
David Einhorn's interesting deal to gain minority (and potentially majority) ownership of the Mets
In three years hedge fund manager David Einhorn could gain control of the New York Mets for $1.
Probably the most inspirational speech before a game
Vancouver response
Ryan Dempster as Harry Caray
What would you do with Lord Stanley if you were in possession for one day? (hint: these dudes include eating frosted flakes from it in their musings)
Shaquille O'Neal questioned in beating, kidnapping of man by gang members
Shaquille O'Neal linked to L.A. gang beating: Watch out for the Shaq attack
22 Elite College Sports Programs Turned a Profit in 2010, but Gaps Remain - The Chronicle of Higher Education
Is it just me, or is ESPN playing the song from The Exorcist every time they cut to a commercial during the US Open?
What We Carry
Shaquille O'Neal denied any role in attack, said alleged sex tape didn't concern him, records show
The lockout is hurting the players...here is proof

is rory mcilroy for real this time?
Wonder what it's like to be the only gay in the Olympic Village? Listen to our interview with openly gay Olympic speed skater Blake Skjellerup.
Animated Taiwanese news station covers the Vancouver Riots
Girl, 8, to be in muay thai bout.
Coppa America 2011 - I convocati della Colombia
Coppa America 2011 - Bolivia i convocati
Coppa America 2011 - Brasile i convocati
Coppa America 2011 – Ecuador i convocati
Coppa America 2011 - Costa Rica i convocati
Coppa America 2011 - group C
Coppa America 2011 - group B
Coppa America 2011 - group A
Believe me sweetie! I got enough to feed the needy!
Tour de France 2011 - all stages preview
I wasted a lot of time on this site when I was younger...
St. Louis Rams LB David Vobora wins $5.4M in supplement lawsuit as the Judges finds that the company intentionally misrepresented the supplement that caused him to test positive.
Bismack Biyombo Is The Most Interesting Man In The World
Frank McCourt Must Go.  In depth analyses of the Dodgers/McCourt situation
Nicklas Lidstrom kicks off NHL awards show with Norris Memorial Trophy - ESPN
Tour de France 2011 - Cofidis
Tour de France 2011 - Saxo Bank-SunGard
Randy Moller - NHL goal calls (This dude is awesome.)
FIFA Women’s World Cup 2011 - scheduler
Gp d'Europa - Vince Vettel davanti ad Alonso
Tour de France 2011 - Garmin-Cervelo
Tour de France 2011 - FDJ riders
Tour de France 2011 - AG2R La Mondiale riders
FIFA Women’s World Cup 2011 - France
FIFA Women’s World Cup 2011 - Canada
FIFA Women’s World Cup 2011 - Colombia
FIFA Women's World Cup 2011 - Japan
FIFA Women's World Cup 2011 - Australia
Paraguay
Messico player's for the 2011 Copa America
Tour de France 2011 - Leopard Trek 
Welcome Back Smitty!
Felix, Larry, and Jerry
Australian Olympic hopefuls want to sell tattoo space to sponsors
Jason Terry and Glen Davis prove:  It's better luck to get a ballsy tattoo than to do this photo spread
I'm looking for the high resolution version of this picture (~6MP). If anyone can help, thanks in advance!
Joe Posnanski: The 14 Most Dominant Performances 
Ridiculous month of pitching from Lee, Hamels, and Halladay
Mauro Bressan. Surely this is the best goal that has ever been scored.
Wilt Chamberlin's 100 Point Game [NBA Doc]
BBC tech tool aces annoying tennis grunters -- Why do people seriously have a problem with tennis grunters? This is a sport isn't it?
Why does tennis use a digital replay system opposed to a video system?
Report on how much SEC and Big 12 Athletic Departments are Subsidized by Students, States, and Schools
Every time I hear about a free agent signing with a new team in any sport, I think of this gem.
HS hoops recruit donates $40k prize to runners-up
Marathoner loses $27K by one second
Alberto Contador's Inconvenient Talent: What sets Alberto Contador apart from Lance Armstrong and every other cyclist since Bernard Hinault in the 1980s is that he's also figured out how to win the sport's other two most-prestigious Grand Tour stage races.
One crucial notion setting Roger Clemens’s case apart from other drug scandals involving baseball stars is that his former close friend and loyal teammate Andy Pettitte, a man Clemens considered his little brother, could be the most damaging witness against him.

Tilting bike uses Google Maps to simulate riding in different parts of the world.
When Athletes Play Dirty, Government Bats Cleanup
The Machine That Shatters Baseball Myths - Do Corked Bats Work?
Yes, this email about “Dereck Jetter” really did just come into my inbox
Want to be part of the Reddit NCAA College Football Poll?
MMA fighter Rad Martines, who is the full time caregiver to his brain damaged father, has just been signed by Bellator
Look out spidey's... Yao is going to have a lot more time on his hands
Ever try to talk about a hot dog eating contest without making dick jokes? It's tougher than you think
For the love of the game
What are some sports teams you hate?
Eurolega 2011 Basket – The groups
Andre Agassi revels in next calling: One of sports' great philanthropists, Andre Agassi plans to open schools all over the country.
FIBA EuroBasket 2011 - Italia i pre-convocati
South Sudan faces race against time to make it to start line for London 2012 
Sick of saying sorry, I don't know how to golf... Let's do this!
Which on this list do you think will get to 3,000 hits before they retire?
Spain to meet France in Davis Cup semifinal
FIFA whistleblower “lied about all facts concerning the behavior and practice of the Qatar 2022 Bid”.
Fan nearly falls from stands during Home Run Derby (good pic in article)
For Athletes Peak Performance, Age Is Everything
All-Star Game to go on without immigration law boycotts
The Open 2011: Rory McIlroy relishing life in fast lane to greatness 
How Ron Artest Got So Crazy
In all, the McCourts reportedly took $108 million out of the [Dodgers] in personal distributions—a sum that Molly Knight, a reporter with ESPN who has extensively covered the story, notes is eerily similar to the cash payment that she says Frank McCourt has claimed he made for the team.
Christian Lopez gets gift taxes paid for, 2009 World Series ring, and at least $25,000. Returning that ball is really starting to pay off.
Simply one of the greatest sports news bloopers…ever
Ben Revere somersaults between second and third on his way to a triple.
Do any of your local teams have remarkable announcers/commentators?  This is the best Pittsburgh's seen.  R.I.P.
Aotearoa/New Zealand: Patu! -- 30th anniversary of the 1981 mass protests against the Springbok tour
Death under the Spotlight - A list of boxing fatalities from 1732 to 2007 with sources and remarks. 
Fareed Zakaria mentions brazilian football club in article, Corinthians, classifying it as a small club. ?In the comments, Corinthians fans state their opposition in a clear and respectful manner.
Where can I watch water polo?
Satellite is out and my in laws want to watch the Tigers game tonight. Anywhere online?
Medical Help on Tour de France.
Is Yao Ming going to study finance and computer science at Jiaotong University?!
Yao will stay involved in basketball despite retirement 
SLAM ONLINE: Goodman League vs Drew League Rosters Revealed
Wayne Rooney Scores Hat Trick Against Seattle Sounders 
I take it you like Kimbo?
Thomas Voeckler is an Inspiring Hero at Tour de France 2011
Does anyone know where to stream water polo from the 2011 FINA games?
Apparently jumping through a hole in a frozen lake is now a sport...
NFLPA Approves Labor Deal! Lockout Over!
Tiger Woods has dropped out of the world top 20, is there hope for him or is it all over?
Ty Cobb as Detroit - The darkest man in baseball and the city that still loves him.
All-Star outfielder Michael Cuddyer pitches a scoreless 8th inning
2011 Undrafted Free Agents start signing! (Mark Herzlich to the Giants, etc).
Tiger Falls Out Of Top 20 And Presidents Cup Team
Matt Hasselbeck will not resign with Seattle
Volleyball..with no hands??
At the plate​ - cooking with players from Yankees, Red Sox and Mets as they talk food in ‘Diamond Dishes’​ (video)
Olympic medals timeline
London Summer Olympics to feature largest medals so far
Worst Sports Team Names -  This one may win.
MLB officially acknowledges umpiring error in Pirates-Braves game
We desperately need somewhere like this in Britain
PSA with A.C. Green, David Robinson, and Barry Sanders telling the youth of America to not have sex
What is r/sports favorite podcast?
The 7 Seconds or Less Suns were only dominant for 3 years. Not sure if it's because I was younger when it happened, but didn't it seem longer?
TIL the driver that killed Malik Sealy had been arrested for drunk driving before.  He's had 2 more convictions since then.
Shea Weber receives $7.5-million arbitration award
Darius Miles arrested at airport for unlawful use of a weapon.
Bubbah, say it ain't so!
Knicks owner James Dolan embarrasses himself further by singing Fix The Knicks live
Ted Williams...an excerpt from the book Teammates about Ted William's last game on a doubleheader and his .406 average...
ESPN City Hall of Fame
Wow, Gus Johnson is the low man on the Fox NFL announcer totem pole?   
It's like the Olympic committee doesn't want to be associated with rednecks or something. 
Redditor FTHamilton's hockey helmet cam videos featured on Yahoo's Hockey Blog
Hey r/sports, what are your all-time favourite sports movies? Any sports, any movie.
Regarding the long-term effects of head trauma and the NFL
The confusion continues
Colourful sports radio icon Ted Tevan dies at 78
Speaking of home runs, an interesting website
you're the commissioner of your favorite sport for a season, what do you do?
Hey r/sports, you REALLY need to know about a kid who died this week - he only played 136 games in his entire life, but he had a HUGE heart, and he was probably Vancouver's best fighter ever, often taking on opponents literally twice his size!  Oh yeah, and his cousin is a Super Bowl MVP...
Miami is hurt, dog!
Mr. T’s Fantasy Football 101: How to Set Up Your League’s Rules and Scoring System
What will Indiana Pacers owner Herb Simon do if Larry Bird retires? Well, Reggie Miller's looking good. 
SI's SEC Preview
Can someone explain to me the Yankees-Red Sox rivalry?
Why Stephen Strasburg isn't a politician
Corruption in college sports: “What we have here is a system out of control where most nice, regular, good people say it is corrupt
U.S., China teams try to make peace after brawl
Report: Rookie Baldwin Scuffles With Thomas Jones, Injures Wrist 
What happens to the people who give improper benefits to college athletes?
Two men fighting for lives after bloody 49ers-Raiders game violence

They just can't stop themselves — Colts' owner Irsay tweets he's in Hattiesburg, looking for a deal
Greener sport: Tricking  cross post from r/health
Matt Holliday pulled from game after moth flies in ear
Chris Rock on Steroid Use from Ken Burns 10th Inning
Matt Holliday exits game when moth flies into his ear
Who wrote this post last year? Who made these spreadsheets?
Team Loyalty, a thing of the past?  How much more could you possibly need?  I never played this game for money purposes, I played it for love and for championships.  Loyalty is very important to me. The Angels drafted me and I wanted to stay here and win a championship or two or three.
Planning key to series win: Broad
Tampa Bay Buccaneers buy each player an iPad to hold playbook, videos
Is technology keeping teammates from bonding?
... after police seized 49 pairs of athletic shoes from Jefferson's apartment.
Texas A&amp;M Closer to Withdrawing from Big 12
U.S. Open: Rafael Nadal struggles but beats Andrey Golubev 
Information age is changing the way the game is played
NCAA: 12 current Miami players accepted benefits
Tiger honored at being Presidents Cup pick 
Venus Williams pulls out of U.S. Open due to autoimmune disease
New York Yankees should banish A.J. Burnett in favor of Phil Hughes 
Sarasota football ref gets attacked by players and coaches [vid]
Chinese-government backed investment banks looking to buy LA Dodgers for $1.2 billion.
LaShawn Merritt anchors US to win in Daegu World Championships 4x400 relay
Lee Roy Selmon hospitalized with a stroke this after noon
Troy Matteson leads PGA Tour event 
Bonds case ends with a whimper
is there a site where I can find torrents for college football?
Top sites for sport news
That Poor Bastard
What a beast mascot! 
Oscar De La Hoya admits drag photos are real
Playing the 'what if' game for college basketball if realignment explodes.
Arizona vs Oklahoma State: Who will win the PAC 12 vs Big 12 match up?
Sports headlines from 9/11. Interesting to see how much has changed. [x-post]
Timber Lane: Smiles and Painfaces on the best hill of the cycling portion of Ironman Wisconsin 2011
Serena Williams' outburst at US Open final
Parity vs. Greatness. The most important debate in sports. [X-post]
The Shame of College Sports --  a leading civil-rights historian makes the case for paying college athletes—and reveals how a spate of lawsuits working their way through the courts could destroy the NCAA.
Man charged with rape at house of Chicago Bears' Brandon Meriweather
The only SEC team that the rest of the country can love
Sources: NBA player agents angling to get players union to decertify
Cagestoker Blog: New UFC Interview: Crazy Nick Diaz: Not Making Any Excuses For his Behavior
Who else remembers these awesome Monsters of the Gridiron cards?
Navy Midshipmen at South Carolina Gamecocks: The Drinking Game
Ban on clenbuterol doping drug may be relaxed
Vince Young says he has an impostor
Dunta Robinson receives a lesser penalty for his second cheap shot in 2 years...
This may be a repost, by time is of the essence. Need a new link for the Giants vs. Rams game tonight
The top (bottom?) 12 pro sports teams that are losing fans
/r/cfb's official College Football Rankings
Rapper and DC Native Wale Debates Washington Redskins With Skip Bayless, Makes Fun Of Reporters
Jim Boeheim speaks candidly about realignment
Slumping Red Sox, Braves make for wild end to season 
'Ain't no way, yo!' North Haven Miracle Touchdown
Dear Reddit A Question About Red Zone Efficiency
Cognitive biases in sports- irrationality of coaches, fans, commentators
Sources: NBA to postpone training camp

Delonte West offers his story about night of his arrest
Big 12's Beebe out, Binding TV Rights on Table
UConn Great Tate George Faces Charges In Multimillion-Dollar Ponzi Scheme
Need help setting up a sports tournament
Real men cry when it comes to sports.
No Love For The Solheim Cup?
Louisville Slugger Baseball Auction (Jackie Robinson Jersey)
Aggies hit tipping point in bolting for SEC - ESPN
Saul Shuller Obituary.  Read the 9th paragraph (starts with the word Accepting).
Syracuse Goal Post (from Toledo Blade)
Predictions for the last day of the regular season of MLB?
Does this outrank the infamous rant for Gundy?
T.O. catches up on child support payments, avoids jail.
Player returns to field after getting kidney from coach
Banana-tosser remorseful, police chief says
Kobe Bryant: Italy is 'very possible'
Looking to join a fantasy NHL League with cash prizes, and since none of my friends are into hockey, I'm looking for advice from someone whose tried various leagues on what my best options are (CBSSportsline, THN, etc etc).
S Bob Sanders Placed on IT.  Poor guy.
Rival Philly sportswriters start feud on Twitter, continue next day with punches in Philadelphia Eagles sports complex.

Awesome Rays Triple Play
Baseball lore filled with moves similar to Reyes'
Made for the riders, by the riders - Red Bull Dream 
Line BMX Finals
How Does Penn State Replace Michael Mauti?  
Lou Gehrig: The Pride of South Field
Police Investigating Mobile Strip Club Outside Lions' Game
What is the worst insulting banner/chant you've seen from one team to another?
A knee to the groin may have saved this Division II player's life.
A nice irony to this: If Reyes had stayed in the game and gone 0-for-5 the rest of the afternoon ... he still would have won the batting title.
Weird sports psychology: a team's history can have a negative impact on current players
What uncommon/unexpected events in sports do you find the most entertaining?
Arizona Wildcats Forward Kevin Parrom OK After Shooting Incident 
I'm traveling abroad. My team is playing on ESPNU tomorrow, and I can't get it on ESPN3.com. How can I watch it live?
He didn't do a very good job of checking...
Colts' DT Eric Foster carted off after leg injury
Bosnian Cup Soccer Match Ends With One Team Getting Threateningly Chased Off The Pitch
ESPN Pulls Hank Williams Jr. Song From 'MNF' Over Hitler Remark
Red Sox season recap.... By John Lackey
NBA season isn't looking very good
San Antonio Spurs' Tony Parker to play for French team for only 2k a month
Go to an Islanders game, get a tattoo of the Rangers logo. Or your nipple pierced. 
Caller asks Mike Francesa about Tigers P Al Albuquerque. Francesa says no pitcher exists and hangs up. [video]
Brian Wilson discussing the 1986 Celtics
TCU to join Big 12 in 2012.
Maicon On Transfer Rumors: “I Never Thought Of Leaving Inter”  
ESPN Magazine's Body Issue reminded me of a commercial from 1998
Taking The Long Route -- Canadian Football League helped these players make the NFL
The most interesting players in the NHL
Gotta love the mitten right now. 
Colbert Super PAC Ad - Foul Balls
Golfer won 240 lbs of ham for hole in one. sweet deal.
China Launches Amazing 2,175 Golf Marathon
NBA cancels first two weeks of regular season in labor dispute
Is it too early for the Bears to start strongly considering trading Lance Briggs?
Reddit, the NBA is in shambles. Can we go back to era of the game? [Video]
Back in 92 I thought this would be worth something by now, so I begged my Mom to buy me this for a BDay. I still have it in the box sealed at home.
The old ball coach still has it: Steve Spurrier Refused to Start His Weekly Press Conference Until Columnist Ron Morris Left the Room [Video]
Charles Barkley may give salary to charity during NBA lockout
Tuck talks to ex-Giants teammate Pierce about harsh criticism

Justin Tuck seems to have squashed his beef with at least one of his former New York Giants teammates-turned-critic.
The Real Cost of Attending a Football Game 
NFL owners OK games in Britain through 2016
Great article-  Insight into the Red Sox collapse.  Throws a lot of blame on Lester, Beckett and Lackey's acts in the clubhouse which include drinking beers and playing video games during games
Theo Epstein reportedly signs with the cubs for 5 years
Saints' Roman Harper doesn't regret late hit on Panthers' Steve Smith - NFL - SI.com
Something doesn't seem quite right here...	
Top 10 Best Boxing Movies
NFL could begin testing its players for HGH within two weeks
Carl's (from ATHF) Stone Cold Lock of the Century of the Week. The best 3 mins of sports radio every week. Fun begins 30 seconds in.
Frank and Jamie McCourt reach settlement involving Dodgers
NY high school player dies from head injury.
Why They Play the Game (buddies article)
What Woody Woodpecker Can Teach Us About Football
Andrea Bargnani received a sponsorship from Ashley Madison (yes the website that streamlines having an affair) to go play in Italy this season
In an interview in June with the Globe and Mail newspaper, Mr. Bernard said the change to restarts would mean more carnage and wrecks, adding that danger will be an important element of the sport.
Will Smith Part Of New Sixer Ownership
Question for /r/sports about bringing someone to a game
As a Canadian with minimal exposure to Joe Buck...
Tony LaRussa was once a contestant on To Tell the Truth (xpost from r/cardinals)
Anaheim Angels' Howie Kendrick makes 8 year old boy cry.
Actual relative prices of football stadium beer
Cubs &amp; Epstein Eyeing San Diego Padres GM Jed Hoyer 
World’s oldest sports manual found, which covers wrestling .
Quarterback Carousel: Are Carson Palmer, Christian Ponder, and John Beck The Right Men For The Quarterback Position?
Ralph Wilson gets a facelift....
Iniesta holds the key for Barca, says Guardiola
NHL player Bill Guerin dropping some knowledge on the NBA lockout.
N.B.A. Talks Break Off, Threatening November Games - NYTimes.com
AFRASIA GOLF MASTERS 2011: Testimonial of Nicolas Colsaerts, Winner of Mauritius Golf Masters 2010
Dica: Hidratação e Reconstrução com Alfaparf &amp;laquo; Cabelos &amp;#8211; Dicas e Produtos
Football economics
R.I.P Marco Simonceli... A fantastic man has died.
Miami Dolphins/B.E.P Parody - Where's Andrew Luck
Miami Dolphins Parody
The new face of fireworks safety
Weather and Sports
College basketball and football players petition NCAA for a slice of TV revenue.
Joe Flacco really does look like Bert from Sesame Street
Chicago Cubs introduce Theo Epstein as president of baseball operations - ESPN Chicago
So apparently Drew Bledsoe now is in the wine business...
College athletes want their cut. What are your thoughts?
Xavier De Le Rue is such a legend
Royal Mint begins making 2012 Olympic medals
The Cardinals fan who returned David Freese's homerun ball
I love how easily beauty can be portrayed. 90 seconds and she can produce this.
MRI's may be misleading sports medicine doctors who are treating injured athletes
Today my one of my best friends and roommates broke his leg at mile 2 of an 8k Cross Country Race.  he finished 21st, helping our team get 2nd.  What are some of the most heroic sports performances you've witnessed?
Were so sorry. We wish there was another way......................................Canadians
Weekend Wrap-up- Week 9
BBC Sport - Michael Johnson wants single Olympics ban for drugs cheats
Minnesota Vikings stadium hopes pretty much dead in the water.  Los Angeles Vikings sounds terrible.
Live streams of the Volvo Ocean Race!
Basketball seniors - with knee replacements and three-pointers - are Oldies But Goodies
Master Degree in Sport Science in the US?
I could use some direction
Blindness Not Enough To Sideline Teen from Football.
Mike Shanahan is taking this Redskins thing a little too far.
Redskins Coach Mike Shanahan May Not Fare Better Than Jim Zorn 
Lauren Fleshman runs a Marathon to help improve her 5k time.
Great field goal block, defender leaps over center
Vote For Langham for Friday Football Frenzy!
Another Disappointing Nebraska Loss
Houston Nutt fired as Ole Miss' head football coach..
Magic Johnson still beating HIV 20 years later
Durtschi Diaries 13
Now this is what I call creating an atmosphere!
Sports Investments UK Today's Picks 10:30
This Kenny Mayne skit never gets old.
The incredible and tragic journey of the Kansas Jayhawk's Thomas Robinson
Yao Ming goes back to college
How to get to the next level?(Lacrosse)
Incredible story of love and devotion between two young brothers (E:60 - Brotherly Bond - ESPN Video)
I'm looking for a poster of this or something along these lines to put up next to my new heavy bag for motivation. Ideas?
Thomas Boswell on the excitement of listening to the Ali-Frazier fights on the radio (Washington Post)
Podcast - Jerry Sandusky Scandal - What's Next?
BREAKING: Defensive Coordinator Tom Bradley will replace former Penn State football coach Joe Paterno as interim coach
Outside of USA can watch JoPa coverage on ESPN at this link
Like a boss...a table tennis boss
HALO Jumps – The coolest thing I’ve read this week
Mayweather vs Pacquiao: Bob Arum Concerned About Mayweather Racism.
Aircraft Carrier Turns Into Basketball Court for Veterans Day Michigan State and North Carolina games
Pacman Jones of Cincinnati Bengals at peace with Titans years - ESPN
Disgraced Tour de France cheat Floyd Landis gets 12-month suspended sentence for attempting to hack into France's anti-doping lab system
Mike McQueary is coaching this weekend...
Surfer rides 'biggest wave of all time'
Michael Strahan talks about his fingers
Ridiculously awesome Drinking Game for the UNC Michigan State Aircraft Carrier Game
The Thrilla in Manila - in pictures | by guardian.co.uk
Mike Tyson weighs in on the state of boxing and the Pacman vs JMM fight.  
Scheduling in tennis too much for even elite players
Matt Leinart gets one last chance
The Beginners Guide to Watching Good Boxing Fights
In exchange for moving the Houston Astros to American League in 2013, Jim Crane will receive $35 million each from current owner Drayton McLane and MLB
Multiple NFL And NBA Athletes At A New York Club As A Gunmen Opened Fire Tuesday Night
London Rippers baseball team denies reference to serial killer, even with mascot named 'Jack'
People are passing this video around claiming ESPN anchor Stan Verrette said nigger on air; he did not. Listen closely. He says, time...distance...NEITHER one a problem. 
Carmelo Anthony vs. NBA: Anthony, Kevin Durant, and Chauncey Billups among players to file lawsuit against the league
NCAA launching investigation into institutional control in wake of scandal
FACING FLOYD MAYWEATHER: Sergio Martinez, Amir Khan or James Kikland could step up to replace Manny Pacquiao. 
Some 20+ rare photos of His Airness MJ that I've collected
Playing Through Pain
Tiger Woods wins winning point for United States in the Presidents Cup - BBC Sport
Djokovic vs Berdych Live Barclays ATP World Tour Finals 2011
Barclays ATP World Tour Finals 2011
Novak Djokovic vs Tomas Berdych
Date: Monday, 21st November, 2011
Time: 20:00 GMT
Live from O2 Arena, London, England
A star is born - ABC News (Australian Broadcasting Corporation)
Arambam Bobby is the only Indian to win Mr world twice after Premchand Dogra
Timeline to an NBA lockout and deal
Suh apology redux to avoid suspension
Vulnerable and Human, KD is doing the Happy Dance
Opposing MLB fans always said Phillies center fielder Shane Victorino was a clown anyway. He may as well dress the part.
The Red Sox have (stop me if you've heard this before) narrowed their GM search to two candidates | The Baseball Page
Boise State denies UCLA opportunity to recruit football coach Chris Petersen
Peter King nominates Roger Goodell &amp; DeMaurice Smith as Sportsmen of the Year. Thoughts?
Tiger Woods Fuels Up at Chevron and Takes Lead into the Weekend 
It comes to this. Has Andy Reid been a good coach for the Eagles?
combining highline and basejumping.. wow!
Any other winter sports? [Note: I am not the athletic type and can't swim.]
Most expensive sports to participate in?
Fuckin' Keith..
In honor of Tiger's first win in two years, his top 10 PGA Tour shots
The cult of Coach in college sports
Baltimore batters Browns bruisingly, Biff
Old friend of mine repping his city(or county. not sure)
Federal regulators probe Miami stadium bonds; issue subpoenas. 
Initially posted to r/GetMotivated, but I think it fits in here too
NCAA Football Coaches' Poll
Marlins offer Albert Pujols a 10 year, $200 million contract
PWA award by any other name
FN's Jason Zimmerman's Top 10 NFL hair list
Washed Up Fantasy Hockey Veterans
Jerry Rice: greatest receiver of all time...but not so much with the sports talk
Angels get CJ Wilson too
From the slums of India - what an awesome read!
Help with selecting a new saltwater or freshwater fly fishing rod
Circumstances - More So Than Finances - Explain Pujols Relocation to Los Angeles - Forbes
New York lawmakers seek to extend child abuse statutes | Sportsrageous
Is there a way to watch past football games online?
Jamie Dwyer has been named the International Hockey Player of the Year for a record extending 5th time.
Head coach's humanistic response to an ugly scene
Support grows for an NCAA Football Final Four: “There is a strong sense that it’s time to push back.  This should’ve been done long ago.”
Montana State’s Elvis Akpla’s Incredible Catch From The FCS Playoffs
2011 NFL Playoff Machine - Simulate Matchups and Scenarios
Brandon Jacobs Likes To Dance Dirty
College football playoff a risk, but a worthy one
Awwww so cute
Jose Rijo is now a fugitive
L.A. Kings fire Terry Murray!
The New NBA: Preserving the Freedom of Free Agency
/r/cfb is having a Bowl Pick 'em competition. First place is $55!
Anyone know the name of this sport?
He rubs it in by not even attempting to jump...
Gus gets on the bus: Auburn's national championship offensive coordinator Malzahn to be Arkansas State Head coach
Lakers still want Chris Paul trade
Why do coaches announce they are leaving their teams right before bowl games?
CBS College Basketball Dream Teams
What?! I need to meet up with their agents I think
Tennis Players are some Wacky People
Star witness describes Penn State shower scene - CNN.com
A columnist steps away after more than three decades on the beat
FN's Jason Zimmerman Explains Chicago Bears wish list
Rangers win rights to negotiate with Darvish
Texas Rangers acquire rights to negotiate with Japan's Yu Darvish
If you have an extra $20 mil laying around, you can own 4% of the New York Mets.
Olympic Park timelapse sequences
Yorvit Torrealba hits ump in Venezuelan League game.  
Manchester United Christmas Cup challenge w/ Michael Carrick, Johnny Evans, Fabio and some other dudes. (x-post from r/reddevils) 
Merry Christmas Brodney Pool.. (Ahmad Bradshaw Week 15)
NFL players say hiding concussions still an option
Titans' Mike Munchak denies interest in Penn State job
IRS sues Yankees’ Hal Steinbrenner over ‘erroneous’ tax refund
Australia v/s India-2nd Test(Day 1):Australia on Top
Congrats OK State!!! - Teach me how to Gundy
So a UK Research says that watching Erotic Clips before playing Rugby is good for you. Works in Other Sports as well you thinks? 
Why did Wisconsin spike the ball at the end of yesterday's Rose Bowl?
Calvin Borel doing his horse thing.
Five Highest Scoring Rose Bowl Games
With the NHL All Star Voting Coming to a Close, the Icing Bloggers Weigh In; Who are your All Star Picks For 2012?
What is the Mic linebacker
Photo Story: ‘The Fear of God’ starring Tom Brady, Bill Belichick, and special guest Tim Tebow (x-post from r/NFL)
BCS source: Playoff 'gets done' as part of new college football contract - Sporting News
MVP Revote May Make Sense - Dodgers manager Don Mattingly says he hopes Ryan Braun is successful in appealing his positive test for a banned substance, but also noted it would make sense to revote on the MVP award if it is found he used a banned substance.
The Fragile Teenage Brain: An in-depth look at concussions in high school football (Grantland link)
Bud Selig, 77, expected to be offered a 2-year extension on his current contract as MLB commissioner after previously suggesting he would retire in 2012.
The Who meets Hockey
Tom Crean's real identity
Compelling piece: Life on Mars: Woody Paige at His Best/Worst
A must-see for anyone who even mildly likes boxing. Drama, heartbreak, etc: HBO Legendary Nights: Chavez vs. Taylor
[Tip of My Tongue] MLB player who hit into triple-play, double-play, and struck out in his only career game in the big leagues.
BBC Sport - 2010 Grand National winner Don't Push It retires
Brainy Ballplayers - New research shows that elite athletes use their brains differently than the rest of us
FanTab: Fan Sentiment = Data
Why Manny Pacquiao will probably lose his next fight. 
David Binn Gets Bronco Playoff Gig (Last '94 Bolts Player in League)
Keflezighi, Flanagan Win US Olympic Marathon Trials 
Ravens and cakes, a winning recipe
I couldn't stop laughing at this.
CNN thinks there's a Detroit-San Diego NFL playoff game today. Here's their weather forecast for it (video)
Listen, daughter, and pay careful attention: Forget your people and your father’s house. Psalm 45:10 ...but this makes no sense?!?
This is how it happened last time!
so r/sports where do you get your sports news?
Sun Valley Railjam
Week 15 NHL Power Rankings
A Fantasy App Store? CBS Sports To Launch “First Open Platform” For Fantasy Sports
Truth About Quickness Insider's System review
      - YouTube
How do you feel about Ed Reed's comments. Will it spark the fire they need or does it just hurt their efforts? 
Breakout QBs In 2012? - Peter Keating [Insider]
University of South Carolina Coach Steve Spurrier Doesn’t Want Any Fat People or Smokers on His Coaching Staff (Also Not Very Fond Of Singles)
Winter Strongman Fest Phoenix, AZ
My favorite part about college basketball season
Squash - Trinity’s Record Winning Streak Ends at 252 - NYTimes.com
A Splashy Tradition, Gatorade Style
Security being beefed up in the wake of an outbreak of violent incidents at San Francisco 49ers Candlestick Park
The recent passing of Sarah Burke got me thinking.
African ambition: Tiny nations host football feast
Australia’s bowlers turn the tables around
Chicago Blackhawks Fans - Andrew Shaw steps up with Patrick Sharp injured. First installment of BHawks blog by a writer friend of mine. Check it out!
Dear Ravens fans, As a Vikings fan, I know exactly how you feel.
How is the locker room situation for teams that share stadiums/arenas/etc.? Do they share home lockers?
Question: How do teams calculate attendance? Because the numbers rarely match what I perceive on TV.
Vince Carter's Rehab Strategy
Has anyone used the Impact testing pre/post concussion?
Hockey rink roof collapses moments after youth players leave ice (Video)
CA's Best High School football teams and players 2011-12 season wrap up for Division 1. 80% of these kids will be at D1 colleges next year.. Scott Starr USC too!! 
Oakland Raiders hire Denver Broncos defensive coordinator as head coach
Giants vs Falcon Playoff - ~30 seconds of the stadium
TIL that Borje Salming, former Leafs defencemen, needed over 250 stitches to sew his face back together after taking a skate to the face 
Guess which one's Derrick?
Andre Berto talks Mayweather May 5 slot, and Otiz fight. 
Kevin Love signs 4 year, $60M+  extension with the Timberwolves 
Man cave is a poor choice of words here
Double tons by Ponting and Clarke put India in trouble
Posters!
Greg Schiano may be Bucs coach.
Australia on top besides Kohli sparks
Favorite place for random sports trivia?
Ajmal fights back for Pakistan as match evenly poised
Handball Rules Questions
Asking you guys for some much needed help. 
Winter X Games athletes pay tribute to Canadian skier Sarah Burkue 
India facing another humiliation in the final Test
Brain bank examines athletes' hard hits
Meet the TB Bucs new coach - Our team will be built around a humble, unselfish attitude of sacrifice,'' the former Rutgers coach said. It's hard to find that in today's world, but that's how it will be.''
Did you know Will Smith is part owner of the Philadelphia 76ers? He was courtside on Friday night. [photo]
Weekly bOUnce: Snooker, Qatar, WWI, Arsenal Direct, Carlos Tevez, Review
Nesbitt shatters speed skating 1000m world mark
Agent says Pittsburgh Penguins' Sidney Crosby has injured neck
Serbian handball player Zarko Sesum has suffered eye injuries after being struck by a dart thrown from the crowd during Friday's European Championship semi-final against bitter rivals Croatia.
In Cradle of Games, a New Olympic Trial
England's Robert Rock Holds Off the Best to Win HSBC Golf Championship
John Wall in high school
Big Hits, Broken Dreams was an outstanding documentary on the tragic effects of concussions in sports.  Did anyone see it?
Man tries to sell Pat Tillman’s game-worn cleats on eBay
Groothuis, Yu win world sprint speed skating titles (from /r/schaatsen)
Football - weekend action review 
r/sports, need some book help. Are there any books similar to Blood, Sweat and Chalk (basically history/evolution of tactics in the NFL) for other sports?
Kyle Flood Replaces Greg Schiano as Rutgers Football Coach
What could possibly be happening in the Dakotas that they dont have time?
Colts owner not 'sentimental' about Manning: 'This isn't fantasy football'
Dropping the Ball . . . Hitting the Greens
Having a Super Bowl party? Try one of these.
Life After Sports - Joccupation | The Arena Where Athletes Mean Business
What a game! (Missouri sneaks past Texas 67-66)
Blow For AC Milan As Merkel Out For Up To Two Months 
'I Am A Boxer': Fighter In The Ring, Lady Outside It

Women who caught Djokovic shirt at Australian Open responds to criticism
The Super Bowl: Why Pete Rozelle Hated the Name of the Game
Mom not returning Djokovic shirt to teen
United In Talks With Pogba Over New Deal
Ranieri And Sneijder At Odds With Each Other
Inter sell Motta to PSG as transfer window closes
Egypt FA suspend football | Football News | Sky Sports
Times sure have changed. The evolution of cheerleaders 
Super Bowl Scene: Maxim Women, Bud Light Hotel, Chefs’ Charity
De Gea to start for United against Chelsea
Novak Djokovic shirt bought back by mom of Aussie teen
 Legendary cornerman Angelo Dundee, the man who helped motivate Muhammad Ali and many other boxing champs, died Wednesday
Just the worlds largest Dodgeball game LIVE at NOON (2pm est)
What app do you use to check sports scores?
Endless Roads 2: The Island
Espn's Greatest Sports Moments of the 20th Century
Kayaking an absolutely monstrous rapid
The end of a long road!
Anyone been to a SDSU game and seen student section wearing bicycle helmets and short-sleeved dress shirts when BYU bball team visits? 
Chris Draft, Love and Loss
Where are my fellow US sports watchers placing bets?
The Super Bowl in 30 Seconds
Rodmaning
Giants 'Do What We Were Taught' On Hail Mary
Worth of an autographed Sidney Crosby picture from rookie year?
the fine print on most of the Super Bowl ads this year...
The Complex Life of the Couch Potato
Sports may well be a good deal less about the thrill of victory than it is about the sadness of defeat.
        The American Magazine
My sister made it into the Wall Street Journal
Virginia Home-Schoolers Make a Play to Join High School Teams - NYTimes.com
Quite the way to win gold
Fantasy Fever Is About To Set In
It's funny how much things can change in a month
Raiders make offseason move of the year thus far, release cornerback Stanford Routt
Y'all a bunch of highfalutin' heifers!!
Through Both Lenses: Baseball As Life « Chicago, A Drinking Town With A Sports Problem
Nike &amp; NBA All-Stars Team Up to Support NASA
Looking for a Top 10 list (or a good way to waste hours)? Check out this guy's channel.
All Black great Jonah Lomu needs new kidney transplant
Chicago LockDown Announces Tryouts for AAU Basketball
Mountain West, Conference USA Agree to Merge
Tony Gwynn having mouth surgery
Something tells me this will be under covered...
Rooney-Chicharito, a stellar partnership
Peyton Manning had an unreported 4th neck surgery
Mike Powell, a HS wrestling coach, has motivated, inspired, and helped many students. Now he's also battling a muscle-wasting disease called polymyositis. An inspirational read.
Drug arrests taint recent success at TCU.
Semporna Backpackers
and this team is going to be playing basketball in the Big East?
UFC on Fuel TV Results: Jake Ellenberger vs. Diego Sanchez Fight Card
Ray Cook Back in DART Winternationals Victory Lane at East Bay Raceway Park
Four NJ high school football players were killed in a car accident last fall. This is the story of the remarkable coach who held the team - and the town - together.
The Chicago Slaughter of the Indoor Football League offer Randy Moss a chance at playing football again. Players stand to make about $300/game over a fourteen game regular season.
What time is it?
Four TCU football players among 17 caught in drug bust
Gennady Timchenko is Off to the Races: Russia’s Team Katusha Primed to Place Well in this Year’s Regattas
Great article about how parents should act(and not act) when their kids are playing a sport.
Note to self: Become pro surfer in next life
ALI VS TYSON: Who wins?
This stuff is crazy...(beach soccer), actually check this out before you disregard
Sipadan Water Village
Mataking Dive Resort
American Ninja Warrior Submission Video
World’s Greatest Put to Dive: Sipadan Island – The Paradise Island | World’s Utmost Area to Dive: Pulau Sipadan - The
Billy laninovich whips
Tribute for player who had stroke, yet still respecting the game.
You've been bought by a big club for a big fee. Your job is to score goals. One game passes, two, three, four and you haven't scored . . . You play at an away stadium and the rival fans sing, 'What a waste of money!' and the awful thing is that you suspect they are right.
UConn wins on 30 foot shot at buzzer!
Australia open door to troubled swimmer Nick D'Arcy
The Empowering Women and Girls Through Sports Initiative
Manhattan basketball's Torgrim Sommerfeldt turned to stem cell treatment to get him back on court.


Carlos Gracie 12 Commandments
Point / Point with The Sklar Brothers - Ep. 2
Kobe Bryant Makes His Italian Film Debut directed by Enzo Castellari
The 25 Greatest Stoner Athletes of All Time - including Ricky Williams, Michael Phelps, and one of Bob Marley's sons 
My second snowboarding Video!!
England unable to seal even after getting close to target 
Rick Caruso and Joe Torre withdraw from Dodgers bid
Love Lost
Knicks prove Linadequate against Miami Heat. Ugh, I expected this from ESPN - but WSJ?
Former Panther John Kasay Connects with Charlotte Faithful
Turnover.
Any good college basketball video games out there?
Montana Fish, Wildlife &amp; Parks :: Montana Wolf Harvest Reaches 60 Percent Of Quota
Australia move to finals-India waiting for a miracle
New York Yankees' Alex Rodriguez wants to play at 3B and not DH. First of all, let me just say this. I don't train and prepare to be a DH, Rodriguez said
Money Ends College Sport's Oldest Rivalries
'Super Lady' is front runner as USPA pick their best of 2011
Speed skating is about to get a whole lot more exciting to watch.
Dereck Chisora hit by ban after Munich brawl shame 
Paddy Power take on Sprinter Sacre in Cheltenham Arkle Challenge Trophy Money Back Offer
50 stunning Olympic moments No16: Dorando Pietri's marathon, 1908
The Sport of Camel Jumping
MLB Expanded Playoffs for 2012 A-Go
March Madness Giveaway - Finally some REAL prizes to win for having the best bracket
If you've got $29,000,000 just burning a whole in your pocket, Michael Jordan's house is for sale.
The Kansas-Missouri BBall Border War
Drug use, lack of discipline said to be part of UCLA decline
Pakistan v England: Tourists hold nerve to win series
Prep Teams: The changing landscape of high school basketball
Cheltenham Racing Festival 2012 Preview Round Up
How to Watch the Cheltenham Racing Festival on your iPhone
Hoosier Hipsteria: A Fresh Take Podcast on Sports
Grapplers fare well on Day 1 of tourney
Firing up the way back machine:  Sports Machine Plays Of The Year, 1991.
Canadian Hockey Fan Buys Zamboni for Backyard Rink
OSU Buford's Buzzer Beater Over Michigan State in Big Ten Championship Game
Final First-Round Notes – Friday, February 17, 2012
Third-Round Notes – Saturday, February 18, 2012
Defense in squash by a legend, Mr. Power
Rory Soars, Tiger Roars!
Legality of Actions Performed by the Person of the Safe Type in Extreme Cases 
I listened to my first baseball broadcast of the year today -- and the first eBook in my reissued series (kidlit time travel, with minor league and other baseball history in it) is free!
The shrine of #66 unveiled today!
So they unveiled Mario Lemieux's statue today...
I’m like c’mon dude, please come back. And he did. A musher saves his dog's life with CPR. 
Bracketology: The Analytics of Winning A Basketball Game
Olympics Family to sell cup won by 1896 Olympic marathon champion
/r/collegebasketball challenges you in our Bracket Challenge.
It's apparently scandal season: FBI investigating Auburn basketball player for point-shaving
Finals - 2012 Yonex All England Open Badminton Championships Full Stream
The best video John Brenkus has ever made
NCAA Announcer Bracket - Vote for your favorite College Basketball Player at The Bracket Project
how do you score your ncaa pool?
Goalies join the fray during massive hockey brawl in Austria
New fantasy-related game at Vegas Sportsbook
New York Knicks coach Mike D'Antoni resigns - ESPN New York
When March Madness starts...
Prediction
Baseball history: Babe Ruth in hot water at Spring Training; Hot Springs is birthplace of spring baseball
Really helpful tutorials/workout/training routines/freestyle videos of calisthenics. Neill has 100 videos and he's strong!
Postcard from Cardinals camp for Thursday, March 15
Southern Miss chants ‘Where’s your green card?” at K-State player

Sachin Tendulkar hits 100th century! Living legend...
Does anyone know where I might find access to video of all the races from Cheltenham? Download link, if possible. Thanks!
Postcard from Cardinals camp for Friday, March 16
Does anyone outside of the campus and alumni actually cheer for Duke basketball?
Sudden Cardiac Death and how to stop it happening
Cast your vote for the VTB United Basketball League MVP... *cough*Valanciunas*cough*
NIU Football Player Faces Assault Charges For Bulldozing A Band Member
Making a suit with Don Cherry VID
Diggins brings Notre Dame, crowd to life
March Madness highlights in this weeks edition of Look Out Below!
In China, Marbury realizes most American of dreams: a clean slate (GOOD READ)

Roger Goodell sends a message to the Saints, NFL: Lying and disrespect won't be tolerated.
Forbes Ranks Baseball's Most Valuable Teams - The average team is worth an all-time high of $605 million, with the Yankees ranking #1 at $1.85 billion.
Broncos fan passes away same day as Manning deal. Obituary says he wanted out.
Testing the NBA Draft Waters in 2012
Manchester United striker Wayne Rooney has apologised to a nine-year-old football fan after he fired a stray shot into the crowd which broke the youngster's wrist
After 20 seasons with the Braves, Chipper Jones will retire at the end of the 2012 season.
Ayre Confirms Liverpool To Talk To Suarez About New Deal 
Georgia makes sweeping changes to high school football practice rules
No Backing Down in Women's Right to Compete
Somebody really likes the White Sox
Sweet 16 Schools and their Basketball Budgets
How a Darts Star Played an Unlikely Role in British Pop Culture
Dubai World Cup night is the perfect place for Richard Hills to end his 32-year career
The Youngest Head Coaches in the NBA, NFL, MLB &amp; NHL 
Softball: Senior Ontiveros leads team through rough 10-game trip - The Daily Princetonian
Magic Johnson's group gives Dodgers dignity and hope after Frank McCourt accepts $2.15 billion bid.
'Ed Weston lived life a little differently from most of us, on a separate key and with the volume up'
Sharapova sinks Wozniacki to reach Miami final
A look behind Pay-Per-Head sports betting technology and the digitalization of your local bookie.
A landmark study on Pee wee football shows young players can suffer head impacts on par with college football players.
Saints Coach Sean Payton to Appeal NFL Commissioner's Suspension
Joakim Noah's Dancing Cameo
Ryan Leaf arrested on burglary and drug charges; posts $76,000 bond 
Florida Guard Erving Walker Arrested for Stealing $3 Taco, Resisting Officer |  TeamLeaks: Pick your team. - The latest sports news, blogs, rumors, and tweets.
The Orwellian world of the NCAA
Insane bike riding
This may or may not be a great April Fool's Day prank. Mora to coach the Saints.
Jeremy Lin Announces Retirement After Injury: Forbes'  Way of Saying April Fools!?
You want to? . . . Good luck, man.

Hockey fight [HDD Tilia Olimpija : SAPA Fehervar AV19]
Greame Smith faces Ankle injury
This is how you support your team, wait for it...
You may watch One Shining Moment tonight after the NCAA Championship, but it sucks. Here's why.
Joey Votto resigns with the Reds! 
without fail, two things make me weep like a little girl every year:  the skating of my lord stanley's cup and One Shining Moment!!  (this years video to follow)
Martin Kaymer skimming across the water for a whole in one at Augusta National
Car crashes into crowded bar in Lexington, KY during championship game. Fans refuse to leave and stay to watch the game anyway. 
Benefits of our Boot Camps in Obstacle Races and Training
Riots Break Out After Kentucky Wildcats Win NCAA Basketball Championship
Will “One Shining Moment” finally shine some harsh light on the N.C.A.A.?
What Kentucky NCAA Championship celebration sounded like on the Lexington Police scanner.
Crazy eight: How Charl Schwartzel won the wildest Masters finish ever 
My Friend's Ode to THE BROW
A Unique Look at MLB Opening Day 2012
Why some holidaying cyclists never make it home
Student runs marathon for mum despite spinal injuries
Brittney Griner Dink fest 2012--Even in highschool watch
Mohammad El Akkari Scores 113 in a FIBA-Asia Game
The Passion, The Glory and The Heartache
The Return of Tiger Woods
Howard University Suspends Student-Athletes From Competition 
Somalia's soccer, Olympic leaders die in suicide bomb attack at theater - ESPN
The 2001 Mariners tied the best record in baseball history, but what would have happened if they held on to their best players from the previous seasons?
Angry football fans shake Egypt's fragile peace
March Madness may be over, but this is a funny commercial
LA police captain releases pro golfer turned jewel thief from jail so he could get golf pointers
Tiger Woods Lurks, Stenson Sets Early Masters Pace
How long are the lives of professional balls, pucks, 
etc..?
Bobby Petrino admits inappropriate relationship in a written statement (Statement)
That's rough
After Bulls Beat Celtics, Doc Rivers convinced Eastern Conference is a Chicago - Miami, two-team race
Chad Billingsley shuts down Padres, 6-0
Horse Racing, Murder, and Organized Crime in Hot Springs, Arkansas (Grantland)
Fantastic Goal
Urban Meyer Responds to Sporting News Story
Whiting out the crowd
How Arkansas' Bobby Petrino gamed system by hiring Jessica Dorrell 
Thought reddit might like this Act of Good Sportmanship
Ignorant European here. Do US sports 
teams also get new jerseys/uniforms 
designed every year like Soccer clubs 
do? 
Today belongs to this Man.
Branch Rickey's decision to integrate baseball had roots in racism he witnessed in 1903
In tribute to Cal Day, my favorite player ever to come from it.
LET FISH WALK!!
Morosini autopsy inclusive, former clubs retire jersey in respect
My kind of camera man
Do you keep ticket stubs?  Lists of sporting events you've attended?
CP3 &amp; Griffin's team certainly looking like the black horse for the playoffs, Clippers Beat Thunder 92-77
Sean Payton Cut Off From All NFL Contact
Kevin Youkilis confused by Valentine criticism
Steelers throwback uniforms for this season.
Football Training Drills
Jessica Dorrell, Petrino's mistress, resigns from position at Arkansas
The last shot in this video always gives me major chills.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Because it's the cup.
Dwayne Wade plays pick up game with NYC kids
Obama Karma to Tim Thomas
Most iconic and important images in the last 5 years of sports history?
To be honest, I'd hang up a painting of myself too if I found one.
Matt Every Shoots Course-Record 63 in Texas Open 
Honus Wagner card sells for $1.2 million at auction 
Pedro Martinez And Kevin Millar Delivered A Boozy, Awkward Toast To Fenway Before Today's Game
Independent League Worcester Tornadoes sign Jose Canseco
Caster Semenya reaches qualifying mark for London 2012
Bo Knows Comedy
Former Major League shortstop Walt Weiss now finds success as high school coach
Carl Crawford of Boston Red Sox to see Dr. James Andrews about sore elbow 
A question for fans that had their team relocated...
Nebraska Cornhuskers aide Ron Brown -- Faith demands anti-gay stance - ESPN
Death and Disarray at America’s Racetracks - NYTimes
Bulls Closer to Home-Court Advantage
UConn sold fewest tickets of all public schools in BCS over past three years. The university sold only 2,771 Fiesta Bowl tickets out of its allotment of 17,500, absorbing $2.9 million in unsold tickets as a result. Both figures were far and away the worst of all schools.
Oldest former major leaguer turns 101 in Cuba.  Once played with the Washington Senators
Texas issues Fugitive Warrants for Ryan Leaf
Muhammad Ali versus Joe Frazier
Playoffs?! You wanna talk about PLAYOFFS?! FINALLY!!!
Larry Andersen Tried to Get the Phillies to Appeal This Play... By Screaming Out the Broadcast Booth
How fans gamed the ESPN Gameday voting system
Earth Friendly Saints Fan
I think I saw this somewhere...
Was Real Madrid's Youth Team beneficial for David Beckham's move to Real's First Team?
Former England cricket captain Adam Hollioake to become a cage-fighter
Football and politics in Egypt: An explosive mix
Report: MLB to suspend Delmon Young
NBA Playoffs: Game one madness part 2
NBA Playoffs: Game one madness part 1
Best snooker player in history retired - Stephen Hendry
Andy Pettitte testifies in Roger Clemens case -- Roger had mentioned to me that he had taken HGH and that it could help with recovery.. That's really all I remember about the conversation.
FWP: TNT Overtime is absolutely terrible.
IICS (Izod Indycar Series) to upload full races to Youtube after broadcast. [x-post from r/indycar]
Daily dose of inspiration - after breaking a femur, spending a summer in the hospital and a year in a wheelchair, man qualifies for 2012 olympic trials.
Quote on Amare: Half of his hand was just hanging off... 
The best thing about championship boxing
Usain Bolt's first music video
Softball question
An interesting study I did for my final GIS project.
Junior Seau Dead at 43; His Greatest Years in the NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Clippers announcer drops the N bomb during tonight's game! (x-post r/nba)
12 Best Sports Months of the Year. What are your thoughts /r/sports?
Starting up in journalism and wrote this a few days ago, tell me what you think.
Junior Seau's death could be another tragic reminder of football's collateral damage
Incredibly sad moment
Phelps on 60 Minutes - He's baaaaaacccckkkk.....
The story of Dan Scheinman’s jaw-dropping baseball memorabilia collection, including the jersey Bobby Thomson wore when he hit the “Shot Heard ‘Round the World”
The Blackburn-Wigan match was interrupted by a chicken (video)
Junior Seau's death sheds light on ignorance of depression
Phil Mickelson has quietly used his position to better the lives of a wide variety of people
Big East Commissioner John Marinatto Resigns
Tight squeeze.
The Next Day: Look, mistakes were made!
Newspaper Writer Accidentally Tweets Out Link To Porn Site
Danish report lists the best and worst mega-event stadiums in the world
QB Vince Young gets 1-year deal from Bills
Yves Rossy is Jetman, flying with jetpack attached to his back -  Jeff Pearlman - SI.com
Alabama Crimson Tide fan charged for lewd act vs. LSU Tigers fan
Kevin Durant Game 4 Winner Against Lakers
Saw this article tweeted thusly: Take note: @wyshynski shows you how to be gratuitous without being gratuitous. Simply brilliant. Yup. I'd say so.
Iverson still wishing for pro return
Hands down the best Unitedway/NFL commercial
For Memorial Day, Veterans share their favorite sports memories from deployment 
Howard denies any involvement with Van Gundy's firing...... 
Where the high five (might have) come from. (Xpost: TIL)
The Way of the Sword Is Too Complex for the Olympics - NYTimes.com
Former NBA star Jack Twyman dies at 78.
Interesting point between tennis players Gasquet and DiMitrov at French Open.
Dolphins T Lydon Murtha's tattoo makes his hulking left arm look like a fleshless muscle 
Charlie Manuel attempting to grasp social media
One athlete's sportsmanship won't soon be forgotten
Tommy Lasorda Hospitalized After Having ‘Mild’ Heart Attack 
The race that got Lewis Hamilton noticed by McLaren.
I see your Mashed Potatoes! and I raise you....
Paddy Power seek to unsettle 'Les Blues' by constructing a statue of 'Roy The Redeemer' on the Cliffs of Dover. 
25 most awesome names in the MLB Draft - Storm Throne FTW
Miami Marlins, have the worst average attendance of any team playing in its first season in a new stadium 
A video that inspires me every single time.
AAU basketball takes big step forward, will screen coaches.
No Novak Slam; Nadal Wins Record 7th French Open
'We Kicked Their Ass': An Interview With Barry Switzer
An Oral History of the 1992 US Olympic Basketball Dream Team on the 20th Anniversary
The Dream Will Never Die: An Oral History of the Dream Team Profiles: GQ.com
a ride down the trail Rio on a cloudy June day
Mayweather lawyers file for his emergency release from jail - CBSSports.com
Bad Sports Rhetoric, Volume 1: The Foundations Course
The Dream Team 20th Anniversary

WBO assigns five judges to re-score Pacquiao-Bradley fight
Manny Pacquiao's Shady Loss Was Almost Statistically Impossible
Scotland Yard to investigate David Nalbandian kick
NFL Reveals More Bounty Evidence 
Bobcats hire St. Johns assistant coach as new head coach.
Ex-NFL lineman Alonzo Spellman released from jail
Colorful Commentary of NBA Finals Game 4
Manuel Marquez, salivating for another fight with Pacquiao, will settle for a look-a-like instead
Politics and sports (and some other things) simply don’t mix
Rethinking peak performance, VO2max, and the central governor — i.e., using brain science to run faster
Chris Draft pushes for lung cancer death decrease, in honor of late wife | WJLA.com
Exclusive | Dan Miller “I’m tired of being the small guy in the ring”
Doctor: If you use beer to replace water that is not good.
Jeremy Lin, Steve Novak, Knicks Benefit From Surprise Ruling On Bird Rights 						NJ.com
Lance Armstrong says those accusing him of violating rules, are violating rules.
Troy Aikman talks about Skip Bayless during an interview with The Ticket. (skip to 4:20)
24 Hours in the Enchanted Forest
My cousin created a new sport, with elements of rugby and football, do you mind checking it out? He's expanding it internationally. 
Red Sox trade Kevin Youkilis to White Sox - Yahoo! Sports
Globetrotters Draft 2012 is tomorrow! Who will be the next Harlem Globetrotter? 
If you could purchase a ticket to, and attend, any past sporting event, what would it be and why?
Sports tips and advice subreddit.
My favorite Jay Onrait moment or why I never miss Sportscentre 
What was that Andy?
Jared Sullinger is suffering from Bulging Dicks
Reporter gets autographed all over body
Death Match, 1942: Soviets versus the Nazis. A brilliant documentary from the BBC
Volunteer at AT&amp;T National severely cuts neck in golf cart accident
Toomas Heikkinen involved in crazy rally accident at X Games. He suffered a broken left ankle and abdominal injuries.
Roddick Eliminated…In Final Wimbledon Match?
ON THE LAKERS: Magic Johnson loves acquisition of Steve Nash - latimes.com
Pittsburgh Pirates Instructional Video - How To Do The Zoltan Z
Priest Holmes: Some concussions ‘changed the color of the sky’
New York Knicks acquire Marcus Camby in sign-and-trade deal with Houston Rockets
The Forgotten Peyton [x-post from r/writing]
On the trail of the Piggyback Bandit
Dwight Howards sits down with the folks at HAHAJK to discuss his demands.
Olympic Basketball 
Boxing Hall of Fame 2012 by Irvin J Productions
Documentary Shows Footage of Original Dream Team's Lone Loss
Oscar Pistorius believes he will be placed to run at the Rio de Janeiro Games
Blast From The Past: Old 1980's Bears Ad For Coke 
How to build a champion: Be born at the right time
Big Ten hands down its own penalties to Penn State - latimes.com
How many DUI's are football players going to get this offseason? 
Someone who is better at looking at stats than I: with Penn State's vacated wins, are the Big Ten champions from those years any different?
Hey Reddit I have an extra ticket for the Angels v royals game tonight. 100 section totally free, if interested let me know! Just buy me a beer an you're in!
See Victory &amp; Feel Unity...Join in the support for Team Singapore by watching the music video
But those days teach me a few valuable lessons. The first is that...the management side in professional sports can generally be assumed to be lying, at all times, and on all issues...
I will hang up my boots now - Naagi Maardi
Chicago Bulls finalize Marco Belinelli deal, Nazr Mohammed taking physical
Visual Timeline of Golf's Greats
Americans without a cable subscription: How will you watch the Olympics?
I attended a Phillies home game where Jamie Moyer worked a bases-loaded walk against the Mets' Johan Santana. Shane Victorino promptly followed up with a grand slam. Reddit, what's your favorite game moment you've seen in person?
Reddit makes an appearance in an article about Athletes' Olympic badges
Vi Ripken, mother of Cal Ripken Jr. abducted at gunpoint
Summer Olympic uniforms around the world
Cue Olympic fever
Does anybody have the full video of the Real Sports piece on the legless gymnast?
What Olympians looked like 100 years ago 
Tim Tebow Sex Tape Parody (Audio Mashup)

Sources -- Los Angeles Dodgers on verge of acquiring Philadelphia Phillies' Shane Victorino - ESPN
Brick by Brick: Basketball: USA vs France
Shane Victorino traded to the Dodgers
Is there a website I can go to for Olympic coverage for today without giving away what will appear on prime time?
The ref from the Disgraceful Boxing Match video has been expelled from the 2012 Olympic games
Jimmy Buffett's Jamaican DOGsled team: Mushing from Ocho Rios to Nome.
Barkley: Drexler was jealous of Michael Jordan
Bob Costas About 2 Seconds Away From Comparing Badminton Scandal To 1919 Black Sox-The Onion

Lifelong Trojan Barkley aims for dream end to trying USC career 
How long does it take to win an Olympic gold medal?
Sam Hill Downhill World Cup 2008
      - YouTube....Sick ride. Sry if repost
Olympic indoor volleyball point standings: How does it work?
LeBron James Is Happy to Dish Off During U.S. Feast - NYTimes.com
I was given a signed jersey. Can someone recommend a good frame?
Which sport do you look forward to in the Olympics because it's hard to catch elsewhere and why? Could that sport ever become mainstream?
What would you choose for entrance music? (x-post from /r/darts)
Phillies weekend tickets can be bought for $2?
Funding Olympic athletes
TIL There was an olympic swimmer who had never swam in an olympic pool
What doesn't a gold medal get you?
As a devout Seahawks fan, I don't know how to feel about this whole T.O thing. 
Which sports are federally regulated?
Heavy Burden on Athletes Takes Joy Away From China’s Olympic Success
7 Wild Ways Athletes Train for the Olympics
The physics of olympics: they used to make athletes differently.
World’s Most Valuable Sports Franchise Goes Public 
Judge delays ruling in Vilma’s bounty lawsuit
Ireland's Nevin out to turn boxing bronze to gold - Yahoo! News
NCAA reviewing prep transcript of Auburn Tigers' Jovon Robinson 
NCAAF: Why do players have to sit out a year when transferring
Question about sports bettin
Where to Get Your Weird-Sports Fix, Even Without the Olympics 
Alan Brogan, Dublin GAA Star for GOALympics
Jay-Z’s Influence on the Nets - Rewriting the Celebrity Investors’ Playbook
N.Y. Giants incident hazing? Bullying? Play?
The Secrets and Lies of Joe Paterno-Excerpt from new book-GQ.com
5'6 Aquille Carr is the most exciting player in High School Basketball - Highlights
The Details Of Minnesota State Head Football Coach Todd Hoffner's Child Porn Charges Are Horrifying
Notre Dame announcer tells radio station the football team needs more criminals if they're going to be successful
You need criminals to win in college football
The modern print sports column passed away on Tuesday, August 28, after suffering a long illness.
Watching the Paralympics wheelchair basketball, which reminds me of this.
An American in Auckland: Learning to Love the Haka With the All Blacks and Wallabies
College Football's Grid of Shame (as developed by the Wall Street Journal).  Plots all major college football programs across two dimensions--on field success and off-field embarrassments.
Smartest Spenders in Sports 
Bloomberg/BusinessWeek just released a magazine-style feature about ESPN, taking an in-depth look at the network and its history. ESPN: Everywhere Sports Profit Network
VIDEO: Elway busts a move in new Dove Men ad
LA Lakers to retire Shaquille O'Neals Jersey
Paralympics 2012: Channel4 in the UK is showing 400hrs of coverage. NBC is only showing 4hrs.
Drew Magary at the Penn State Football Season Opener: Sports: GQ
Best unscripted show on the planet. Sky Sports Super Saturday
I've put together photos uploaded by all fans around the world for MLB, NFL, NHL, NBA, MLS categorized neatly according to team. Try as it just takes one click :)
8 Incredible Moments From the 2012 Paralympics
Justin Timberlake agrees to minority ownership of Memphis Grizzlies
Former LSU safety Chad Jones and his road back to football (VIDEO).
365 days after blindness, swimming sailor claims gold 
Anyone who doesn't regularly follow This week in GIFs, prepare to laugh. 
A cow enters the field during a Polish regional league football match
What would you guys think of a metric to measure coaches besides wins? 
Art Modell's Family Requests No Moment Of Silence At Cleveland Browns Stadium This Sunday
Lance Thomas lawsuit could test integrity of NCAA - Yahoo! Sports
In Turkey, Female Athletes Have Come a Long Way - NYTimes.com
Arkansas takes big fall out of AP poll
If You Build It, They Might Not Come:
                      The Risky Economics of Sports Stadiums

Mark Cavendish loses out on win as stage two of the Tour of Britain ends in Knowsley Safari Park
Chicago Bears parking lot stripper (SFW)
US Open 2012: Andy Murray battles through 'tough conditions' then Sean Connery and Alex Ferguson shows up - YouTube
Knicks Fans Nearing Long-Awaited Reunion With Former GM Isiah Thomas.
After one week of fantasy football I feel this sums up my team quite well. I'm looking at you Freddy Jackson and Nate Washington. 
Something from Madden 06 EA should have added to Madden 13...
Murray Savior of British Tennis
NFL quarterback efficiency: points/plays
Waiting for Yuvraj Singh
Officials want to keep one of Idaho’s top female golfers off boys’ team after she helps them win state title | Prep Rally - Yahoo! Sports
Giant Obstacle Course: Dad Builds Awesome Adventure For His Kids (WATCH)
NFL's West Coast Teams Have An Edge: The Sandman

John Clayton's commercial blooper reel
The evolution of cheating in chess - Grantland
Pursuit Funding for Canadian Athletes
Russian hockey, where getting your throat slashed only sets you back a week
Jim Calhoun to retire
Richie Incognito trying to twist to break  Antonio Smith's ankle. 
Getting started on slalom three event water skiing?
TheOldCoach.com - Sideline to Sideline 3A: Week Two...For those interested in Texas HS Football
Pole Vaulting Go Pro
Why Did Lance Armstrong Tweet Out The Cell Phone Number Of Some Random Canadian Dude?
As the NHL Lockout Looms, Will Mainstream Media Give Up on Hockey?
Ryan Hunter-Reay finishes 4th at Fontana, securing the 2012 IRL Indy Car Championship. First American since Sam Hornish Jr. in 2006 to win championship
Any GAA fans know the All-Ireland final is coming up...Here is a song a local music teacher wrote
Don't take my word for it, hear it from a Texas fan...
Those ESPN commentors....
Spain defeat U.S. to reach Davis Cup final
QB Vince Young out of the game and out of money
harvard's cheating athletes are making college sports impossible there
Pacquiao finally agrees to a 45-55 split of profit in favor of Mayweather if he agrees to a fight
Replacement Refs and What it Means for Your Week 3 NFL Bets
Anyone know where to get this NFL hat?
watch icc world cup twenty20 Pakistan vs New Zealand stream online

Saw this ad for a Romo documentary on NFL.com... his road to becoming a hero is still missing one defining moment. Thoughts?
Manufacturer of Aussie Rules footballs severs link with Indian subcontractors using child labour after newspaper exposé
Boycott, whatever. It's time to pass laws. We need to stop subsidizing this shit.
To the masses, it's a circus pitch...
Athletes aren't perfect
Las Vegas casino offering refunds on Green Bay Packers bets
Tanti Auguri Capitano: Born To Be Legend.
Need help with youth volleyball lessons
Interview: NFL Replacement Referee Jerry Frump on Refs and the Lockout
Does anybody know somewhere to stream the AFL Grand Finals tonight?
Personal Adam Greenberg Write Up - Great way to kill time!
waaaaaaaaaaaaaahooooooooooooooo
ESPN needs to work on their Top Performer calculations...
Paromoter Sky Racers!!!
Red Sox 2012: A Hooking Foul Summation
Tony Stewart surfs upside down on cars after causing massive 25 car accident at Talladega
Brian Wilson
Mongo no longer pawn in game of life. 
What is Stephen Strasburg's opinion on being shut down?
Al Jefferson's NBA King Size Bed
F%&amp;* Cleveland Night! (Featuring Cleveland 95')
Beano Cook, Cardinal of College Football, dies - ESPN
Armstrong accusers banned after confessing
Lance Armstrong
US Short Track Speedskating Coaches Resign
Oops: Nationals fans received information about buying World Series tickets on Saturday morning
As if Nationals fans weren't upset enough already...
New England Patriots vs Seattle Seahawks Simulation Game 10/14/12
Who's retirement will get more coverage/specials - Derek Jeter or Kobe Bryant?
NIKE EYBL Season Recap -- BEST HS BASKETBALL
Slow Clap before double OT victory
New York Times: How The World Of Lance Armstrong Quickly Crumbled
Who is your fanbase's Mount Rushmore?
One Pop Warner game results in five concussions
AMA with professional Hockey player Charlie Coyle at /r/AerosHockeyClub
Tony Stewart and Ryan Newman show up at a Go-Kart track and race NASCAR fans
JJ Watt mic'd up vs. Baltimore
TIL that the term alley-oop was actually first said by the San Francisco 49ers in the 50s. 
NHL Cancels All Games Through November 30
Daily hoonage - Ken Block, Travis Pastrana etc....
2012 Indian Challenger Sprints Ladies: Sculls Championship Race @altitude of 2100metres
Rowing SubJunior Nationals India 2002 - Girls Coxed Four's Finals W.Bengal versus T.Nadu
2012 Rowing SubJunior Indian Nationals: Boys Coxed-4 Race for Bronze - W.Bengal won versus Tamil Nadu
Our local goalkeeper buries his grandfather before making a mad dash for the cup final, to go on a win it.
Darrell Royal, former Longhorn coach, dies at age 88
Two IU basketball players suspended for 9 games - because their legal guardian and AAU coach bought bumper stickers from the Varsity Club... 20 years ago...
Timeline of every Heavyweight boxing champion. [ESPN]
Lamar Odom of the Los Angeles Lakers
What do you know about Marvin Harrison? [Video 13:30]
Boston Celtics 101, Chicago Bull 95: Postgame Analysis
Time Has Run Out on Dooley At Tennessee
Excited to watch these guys play Duke tonight.
Sleep and Performance 2
November #2 Best Goal of the Week
During a PGA Tour match, Charlie Beljan’s throat tightened and his heart raced. What came next was frightening and remarkable
Mortgage rates when the Blue Jays won the world series
So Jeremy Lin airballed a shot to lose the game. That's still three short of Kobe's airballs to lose a game.
This is completely unacceptable, Tuberville. 
That look when no one on your team wants to celebrate with you
LeBron plays for Boston now?
Spurs down Lakers ahead of D'Antoni arrival
2012 National Masters Rowing Championships, Jagatpur - Odisha : Mens Pair Finals
Pistons Lose To Elementary School Girls Team After Big Night From 4'9 Center
Fore Hope brings golf to people with injuries, disabilities, and illness.
 Insane Red bull Athletes
Anderson Silva, UFC middleweight champion, receptive to fighting welterweight champion Georges St-Pierre  
Maryland and Rutgers in talks to join the Big Ten conference
Les Miles Post Game Interview LSU vs Ole Miss. Bowling seriously...
Ever wondered what it would be like to go 120kph on a frozen waterslide? Well here's what it looks like (Luge)
Martellus Bennett Catches NY Giants Fan's Fall Over Railing - Spidey-Sense He Claims
David Wright will likely remain a Met for the rest of his playing career, he has signed a 7 year contract extension worth $140 million
Disabled or not - It's More Than Sport
Lawsuit Against MLB And NHL Asks: Is It Anti-Competitive To Divide Live Game Broadcasts Into Exclusive Territories?
Julian Newman, 5th Grader, Starts For Florida High School's Varsity Basketball Team
Run For Aurora 50M/50K - Colorado Runner Running Event Calendar
Open Ocean Sail Racing Down Unde
Boeheim Gets Win 903 As Orange Steamroll Rutgers
Hockey/Broomball rule question?  If the goalie is pulled, is the crease still a restricted area?
New Jacksonville Jaguars GM dismisses the possibility of getting Tim Tebow: I can't imagine a scenario where he would be a Jacksonville Jaguar.
Monte Kiffin named defensive coordinator of Dallas Cowboys - ESPN Dallas
Sports Illustrated Sportskids of the Year: Conner and Cayden Long (Two brothers, one with cerebral palsy)
Why can’t NBA teams fill arenas, even after giving away free tickets?
The NFL's MVP of 1982 was a... kicker?!?!?!
Bob Ley checks in with the best comment yet on the Manti Te'o kerfuffle
Sports journalism faces moment of truth in week of Lance Armstrong, Manti Te’o hoax
Norv Turner Hired as Cleveland Browns OC
New Muhammad Ali short documentary film
my sentiments exactly Pitbull
Former Celtics and Bulls NBA bench warmer, Brian Scalabrine, takes on 3 morning sports radio DJs in the Scallange Hosted by Toucher and Rich of 98.5 The Sports Hub.
NCAA Fucked up... Should help Miami
The NFL’s Headlong Race
Chris Yates touches Lombardi Trophy at Super Bowl
College Derpsketball
Gun control controversy found its way into sports.
EKU player with Dunk of the year 
California Institute of Technology baseball team snaps 228-game losing skid
Parcells Is Chosen for Pro Football Hall - Strahan Falls Short - NYTimes.com
March Madness Commercial - Muse, Madness
Lindsey Vonn in serious crash at skiing World Championships
NBA's new reality will hit small- and large-market teams

Belgium v Georgia Rugby World Cup qualifier descends into a huge brawl! 
WATCH: Tiger Woods tracks down golfers in new Nike commercial
Amazing! Backhand Michigan Move in Hockey!
Maybe an NBA Record?  3 Consecutive Airballs by 1 player!
Talk about staying loyal to your pets
ALI BOXING TYSON – WHAT IF? PART 2 STRATEGY
Jacoby on Jimmy Kimmel.
A study investigating mental toughness, anxiety and attention in people who participate in sports and recreational video game use. (Dissertation Project.)
He can do anything he puts his mind to...
Oscar Pistorius charged with murder
Lydia Ko, 15, cards 63 at Australian Women's Open - 11 birdies, 1 eagle, 3 bogeys
Canadian MMA Kickboxing Championship Fight Promo
Robbie Rogers (18 Caps for the USA) comes out as gay then retires. 
Kansas Jayhawks Harlem Shake
How Nike landed Michael Jordan
Drugs in sport: Wada says doping and organised crime 'too big to manage'
Love conquers even football
Adding to a reputation for fragility, Carl Pavano of the Minnesota Twins ruptured his spleen, along with having six liters of blood drained from his chest after.... Shoveling snow.
Our oldest athletic tradition is under attack by the IOC. 
Chris Paul - Light Up HD Drake x JAY-Z Highlight Mix
Percy Harvin, Pats go way back.  The Total Patriots Tidbit of the Week.
Rangers' Lance Berkman Says He Is 80%
A pretty whatever article about UFC vs. Bellator, but at least someone cared enough to write it
Amazing Behind the Back Shot... Must be a Flexolite Ping Pong Paddle.
Like a lot of things in Alaska, the annual Mount Marathon Race in Seward is famously brutal, even dangerous. Which is precisely why Michael LeMaitre ran it--the last day he was seen alive
Lance Armstrong fails to avert government suit: lawyer
The sloan sports conferences produces some of the nerdiest but coolest stuff.
Reilly on Banning the belly putter
Robert Swift is refusing to abandon his bullet-ridden, beer can-strewn foreclosed house
Kyle Larson's Crash into Fence at Daytona
Lleyton Hewitt’s Last Chance to Step Up in Indian Wells, Miami?
British long jumper Jade Johnson argues that Russia should not hold World Championship
Mickey, we don’t do this kind of nonsense here
Found while going through boxes in warehouse.
Top 10 Horror Tackles: Andoni Goikoetxea - the Butcher of Bilbao - keeps the boot he used to break Diego Maradona's ankle in a glass cabinet in his living room.
Anatomy of a come from behind victory. (sports documentary short film)
The Guardian writes a great article about the Indian Premier League, on the eve of a new season of the premier cricket league in the world
The Science of Being a Sports Fan -- What does it mean to be “addicted” to your favorite team?
The Final Four and the Floor -- The lifespan of a NCAA tournament basketball court!
Matt Martin knocks out Kostopoulos
Mike Rice fired by Rutgers after video shows coach abusing players - CBS News
Chelone Miller (Brother of Bode) Found Dead at 29
Good Guy Brandt Snedeker holds umbrella for his caddie.
Question about ESPN3 (Sorry if wrong subreddit)
Legendary broadcaster Pat Summerall dies at 82 ofcardiac arrest - ESPN
Barry Zito had 9 ER in less than 3 innings. Wanted to find out what the record was. Turns out its 16 and Babe Ruth went 5 for 6 in that game.
2013 nfl schedule release
This guy is awesome.
quick question on drafts
Sergio Garcia, Tiger Woods, and the Lifespan of an Offensive Remark : The New Yorker
Sports doctor Dr. Lewis Yocum dies at age 66
Tampa Bay Rays prospect suspended for throwing change at stripper
American Athletic Conference unveils its primary logo
NCAA and Social Media Ruling
Best day on a bicycle
Cano likely not involved...
Rio stadium to stay shut for 18 months to repair roof
Does N.Y. Giants quarterback Eli Manning have the winning spirit like other great quarterbacks?
Art of thievery
Lovable Prankster Pedro Martinez Admits He Was Never Really Hurt
Baseball Race - View any MLB season as an animated date by date race between teams
This is how Arnold Schwarzenegger has looked before he takes over
EGB-Board
Fishy movie titles!
Premier League: United were close to Kerlon coup - setantasportscom
I love foobar
Car accident in sand
Landis Loses Decision means forfeiture of Tour de France title
Floyd Landis Timeline
A highly qualified legal team tried to baffle everybody with science... in the end the facts stood up. Good thing science didn't get in the way.
Lanids case documents online - may show errors in fundamental testing procedure and protocol.
Another nail in the McLaren/Alonso coffin?  Transcripts reveal widening rift between chief and driver
Sheffield Tuesday... who are they?[funny video for Sheffield and Morecambe Fans]
You can select what you agree with from the documents... or you can look at the sum of their contradictory parts and shake your head... the 2006 Tour de France left us with a few hanging chads.
Where sports fashion looks for inspiration
Welcome to How I Lose Weight With Weight Lifting!
Injured football player may walk within weeks
Soccer Specifics
2005 KO of the Year Video!
i love Raoul
Josh Beckett wins 20th, First 20-game winner since 2005
At home with Bill Belichick
Paintball Forum
[NBA] Sonics enter arbitration over Key Arena contract, looking to leave Seattle?
Wisdom from Cubs Manager Lou Piniella: “There Are No Concerns, About Anything”
New England Patriots strategy - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Daniel-Zagueiro
Circuitchaser.com giving away free motorcycle crash posters!
Show Your Spirit: McDonald's High School Spirit Spotlight
Comenzamos...
Crazy Moto-Cross Style Fun
A Rod embarassed when teammates see penis in shower
Pac-Man Platform
Stand Up Paddle Surfing and Beach Boy Surfing Hawaii
Steve Downie Destroys Dean McAmmond
Newsroom blooper - Kevin Everett Walks, Kicks, and Punches (video)
Strelski blog
MY PICS
Do you know what it's like - To be chased by the Ghost of Failure - While staring through Victory's door? - Of course you do, you're a Mets fan
Kevin Everett is Recovering [video]
Pavlik scores dramatic TKO of Taylor
Germany Beats Brazil to Win Women's World Cup
End of an Era: TBS Axes Braves Broadcasts
Italian Supercars in 2008
Anand is new world chess champion
Mets blow late season lead and will mill the postseason
Video portal with many categories
BMX Flatland Best rider?
New interactive sports website for every sport...Come check it out!!
Joost Link: BootyLuv - Boogie 2Nite
The Patriots' Game: No Mercy, They Rule
Miscreant Mind
iPhit - Fitnss Tracking
Review of the Ben Avery Clay Target Center
Feud!
The biggest collapses in MLB playoff chase history (4 of the top 55 are from this season alone)
MyFox Boston | Sports Home
Welcome To Inland Empire Boot Camp
The BLUES &amp; my world
Ferrari accused in F1 spy twist
Panther Rants, a discussion of all things Pitt Athletics
'Nuff Said?
Steve Williams: 'Dr. Death' to Dr. Life
Searching for Steve Bartman
Hamilton's Fuji win under review: Did he cause the Vettel/Webber wreck?
Unique camp helps wounded Iraq war veterans get back on feet
New Personal watercraft 2008 from YAMAHA
And so honor must be satisfied
Why My Boy Wears Red &amp; Black
Pick The High School Playbook Wildcard Game Of The Week
Marion Jones admits use of doping
All New CRUX DVD Starring Ryan Leech! Phenomenal technical riding!
Yankees
Taiko Drumming, the performance martial art
Throwing toast virtually....
Anatomy of the Tounge in Cheek (Relient K) - Hidden Skittles Song
Chasm in Cards' front office was years in making
Joost Link: Snowvision
Victory puts India back in series
'24' actor Kiefer Sutherland gets 48 days in jail
England quartet up for Fifa award
Texas Tech bans Vick 'Em t-Shirt depicting Vick hanging Texas A
TBS Cancels National Braves Broadcasts (non-linkjacked)
Méthode pari sportif
A brief history of uniform typos
Welsh
Rooney finally gets England goal
Mike Flynt, the 59-year-old 'Senior' helps team win after 37-year football layoff
eBuddy
Great gift ideas for soccer fans - all football fans will love these
How to Win at Arm Wrestling, 5 Easy Tips
Nebraska A.D. Pederson fired
Can you sack a defender for missing breakfast?
Horse Training Success: Audio Horse
Rockies sweep Diamondbacks to win NLCS, advance to World Series
Sports Agent News: 6 reasons the Super Bowl should not be played in London
Traditional saunas
A review of the R.L. Winston Fly Rod Company
Skateboard Competitions - Vans Downtown Showdown
A Return to Husker Glory?
You won't believe your eyes - sky diving down a mountain
NHL players to start using heated blades in practices, games a possibility
Avoid Foods that are High in Cholesterol and Fat
Horse Training Success: The Head Shy Horse - Ongoing Training
Worlds biggest wave ever surfed [video]
Live - Euro 2008 qualifiers
GoTalkSports.com | True Sports Talk
Are Diet Drinks Such As Coca Cola Zero Compatible With Fat Loss?
Little Sam leaves Bolton
Pre-Workout Stretching Won't Prevent Sore Muscles
Space diving: The ultimate extreme sport 
Accuser of PSU Running Back Scott's Made Similar Claim in 2003
Abolish the Home Run!
Sporting Saturday
red sox win the pennant!
Host a Beer Tasting Party With The Best Fall Beers
Yankee Fans, There Is Still Hope For You
Kill Chief Wahoo: Racist Imagery in Sports
Allgäu - Pension und Jugendherberge - Gästehaus - Pension Gamsblick in Bad Hindelang - Skiurlaub - Winterurlaub im Allgäu im Jugendgästehaus .
Vonage settles Patent suit
On June 12th, 1970, Pittsburgh Pirates pitcher Dock Ellis threw a no-hitter against the San Diego Padres -- while tripping on LSD.
Give Oscar Pistorius an Equal Opportunity
Will Kobe Bryant be a Chicago Bull?
Yankees - ARod close to MEGA-Deal
How 'bout them Dawgs!
Fenway vs. Coors Field: a more accurate comparison
Hippo Found in Charger Coach’s Swimming Pool
Ask Reddit:  Are the Patriots running up the score?  Is it poor sportsmanship?
#1 in this week's BCS standings? the New England Patriots | Sports Business Digest
Joe Torre will reportedly be named Dodgers Manager
Distance Surfing World Record Smashed On Qiantang Dragon Tidal Bore
Most Ridiculous Sports Team Names.  Winner: Butte Pirates
Belichick Won't Kneel To Conquer
The NFL is a flawed system
Dubai Motor sports festival 
Boston is once again the reigning Championship City. When was your city last on top?
Natural Golf Schools Saying Thanks to War Veterans
Adams Golf - It's In the Bag
Golf  Rule Changes Coming
Sabres to wear white jerseys at home
Hingis denies cocaine report, retires
AFC West under review after 8 weeks
[NFL] Eagles Coach Reid's drug dealing and using son gets 23 months for heroin-driven rampage
Trinity TD Miracle: End Zone Shot - Now with 40% more Holy Crap!
Martina Hingis ended her tennis comeback when the former top-ranked player said she tested positive for cocaine during this year's Wimbledon tournament and that she is quitting the sport again.
Collecting the Halls of Basketball Hall of Famers
Hingis admits positive drug test
A-Rod to be a Toledo Mud Hen?
Jol blasts Spurs management on transfer policy
Carney Lansford Announced as New Hitting Coach for the Giants
Game Day: Homecoming
FitnessBliss Bells - Fitness Software for Dumbbell Exercises
Top US distance runner collapses and dies during Olympic marathon trials
Myusenet - Free Download!
ESPN and NFL Network hate Cable Companies, Fans
Schweizer Fanartikel und Trikot
India Pakistan Matches Link
Listen to the sound of recorded crowd noise skipping live on TV yesterday at the Colts vs. Patriots NFL Football game [audio]
Donyell Marshall injury is worse than predicted
[Videos] Insane flying boats!
casawa
Schilling, Red Sox reach preliminary agreement
India vs Pakistan 2nd ODI, Mohali (d/n) @ Thu 8 November, TIME :09:00 GMT, 2.30 LOCAL TIME
Casualties of the NFL
Bass Fishing Techniques For Winter
Lidge goes to Phillies from Astros for Bourn, Geary
Insane wingsuit video--100mph down a mountain
Venomsnow's Switchboard hits the ski slopes
How sports betting works
Seattle: We don’t need the NBA, we have the MLS!
[NFL] Week 10: Injury Report
Jones &amp; Flounders: No surprise, Penn State beats Temple
Manchester United vs Blackburn [ 2-0 ] - Video Highlights
Relax Kids for Schools: free exercises for the classroom
SCORE! TWO GREAT MANCHESTER UNITED DVD'S
Starbury decides to not show up to Knicks game; possible trade looming
South Africa name depleted squad
Movie Idols Brad and Angelina buy Ethiopia 
Plano trainer says he supplied Cowboys players with steroids
Snow in The French Alps on Dailymotion
Diary of Thomas Edward Brady, Jr. (a.k.a. Tom Brady)
Isiah has to start me, Stephon Marbury fumed. I've got so much (stuff) on Isiah and he knows it. He thinks he can (get) me. But I'll (get) him first. You have no idea what I know.
A-Rod may be headed back to Yanks after all
INDIA VS PAKISTAN FOURTH ODI LIVE STREAMING LINKS
A-Rod Wants to Stay with Yankees
Clenbuterol
Cats vs. Dawgs
A-Rod: Agent? I don't need no stinking agent!
Electrical Design Basics
Football Club Managed by the Fans
Barry Bonds Trainer Released From Prison the Same Day As Indictment.  Hmm..
 McLaren lose Brazilian GP appeal
Durant make the game winning three to ground the Hawks in 20T
Demand Media | News &amp; Media
Cage Fight Secrets
Win Your MMA Fight - MMA Training | Preparation | MMA Diet ...
Jimmie Johnson Is On Fire, Wins Pole At Homestead
BCS TOP 25 NOVEMBER 18
Sports are going global
U.S. Secrete Aid For Pakistan To Guard Nuclear Arms:
Why NFL Teams Underestimate the Value of Going For It on Fourth [pdf]
Skateboard prodigy accredits his success to what Skateboarding Explained DVD teaches
32 Simple Snacks for Football Fans
Isiah Thomas kick entire team out of practice
Who are Italians most affraid of in terms of soccer? Poland! 
The Iron Bowl!
10 Things I'm Thankful for About Sports
AXED! McClaren sacked after England's Euro exit
Palmer Leaves Mansen -- Fans Distraught!
Mr Sheepskin for England
SHAH RUKH NOT IN CRICKET MATCH AGAIN-SHOAIB MALIK DISAPPOINTED-KAPIL DEV DEFENDED
Clean, Old-Fashioned Hate
Easy fundraising for your club, group, society, organisation, etc 
first stop for all women's &amp; girls' football (soccer)
blasts in india
Becoming A Football Champion
india vs pakistan day 3 first test live + audio commentary
Marion Jones' results after Sept. 2000 annulled. 
Muay Thai Gloves
Football Physics: The Anatomy of a Hit
Match summery of India-Pakistan First Test Match at Ferozshah Kotla 
One word: Stadiums
$10,000 if you can land a kickflip... On a surfboard!
Essential Abdominal Exercises
Address to send condolences to Sean Taylor's family
Shocker: Mike Hampton injures hamstring in first inning of winter ball season
Vancouver 2010 Mascots - what were they smoking?
Arsenal ;)
Forty-part TV show remembers Lee
Sean Taylor: Dying young, and black, in America (Read it, its not what you think)
india vs pakistan live cricket match on Neo Sports tv live on ur pc
Top 10 Effective Bodybuilding Supplements
saint4life.com
When basejumping gets boring, don your squirrel suit
Skiing in Beaver Creek - Colorado 
Great argument for a college football playoff (with this year's bracket)
'Fire Isiah' Chant Breaks Out During Knicks' Front-Office Meeting [el onion]
You can spell Mmmm without Erin Andrews but really, why would you want to?
Cowboys-Packers Showdown Tough to Watch for Millions
Forgotten force: West Virginia has quietly crept into the driver's seat
Seattle Super Sonics funny ads
How not to do hang gliding instruction/towing
india vs pakistan live cricket Neo sports telecast over inetenet on ur pc
watch india vs pakistan live cricket DD TV telecast on internet
Neo Sports channel link india vs pakistan live cricket
watch india vs pakistan live cricket DD TV telecast links available
india vs pakistan live test match cricket Neo sports channel on ur pc over interenet
Tony La Russa DUI arrest video - What a nice drunk
Luongo sets Canucks record!
To build or not to build - Shelby Cobra Kit Cars 
Bettman Says Players might not play in 2014 Olympics!
The BCS (Bowl Championship Series or Big Cash, Son!)
Live Action Vertical Billboard Soccer in Tokyo [vid]
Uefa told of match-fixing claims
MR
Clusterf**k to New Orleans
Big trio in tough Euro 2008 grou
Ballon D'Or 2007 Winner: Kaka
It's official:  LSU vs Ohio State for the BCS Championship
England Soccer Player Ashley Young Busted for Pre-Game Internet Sex Acts 
when i'm eighty-five...
Muttiah Muralitharan is now highest wicket taker in Test cricket 
Rasheed Wallace bean basketballs at teammate Maxiel during an interview
Arkansas interviewing Tommy Bowden? 
Believe It Or Not - Real-life Superheroes
Why do Americans hate England?
Kirsten appointed new India coach
Milan have already qualified for the knockout stages
Brazilian youngster Lucas today thanked Steven Gerrard for helping him make an impressive introdution to English football.
Kirk Ferentz is at the top of Michigan's list of coaching candidates.
UFC Fighter Chuck Liddell Wasted On National TV Interview-Video
Fix My NHL, Good Sirs!
A Chance Meeting With Juventus FC
Golf Schools - Golf School Guide
Golf Schools: Golf School Vacations
LA Galaxy vs Sydney FC exhibition soccer match
free funny videos
pets videos
Soccer Videos
It Is McAmmond/Kesler/Bergeron/Alberts/Niskanen's Fault!
The Ultimate 5-a-Side Football Team 
Arkansas Set to Announce Jim Grobe as Head Coach, Sources Say 
Complementary health &gt; Acupuncture/Chinese medicine : Back on your Feet
Kicking a Man When He's Dead: The Slander of Sean Taylor
Barry Bond's legal team in chaos the day before he's arraigned
Snowboarding in Big Cities
Omar Minaya Is Playing Us For A Fool
Tebow wins Maxwell, Davey O'Brien - Florida QB beats out Heisman rivals at awards show
Fear factor is always present for big-wave surfers
Kidd on strike; sits out game. possibly wants a trade
The Race to the Bottom: A Semi-Defense of Barry Bonds
14 Offbeat Clauses in Baseball Contracts 
Small-market teams suck while huge salaries once again enter Major League Baseball.  So how come Bud Selig isn't  crying poverty?
Tiger's wife wins suit over faked nude photo - Irish magazine The Dubliner to pay Nordegren  $183,250 and apologize
The NFL announced Friday that four Baltimore Ravens players have been fined for violating league rules prohibiting the abuse of game officials.
Reports Say Oakland Interested in Signing Bonds 
india vs pakistan 3rd test live cricket streaming
3rd test cricket test match live streaming india vs pakistan
live cricket steaming india vs pakistan 3rd test bangalore
Hasek Destorys Gaborik - Video
Saturday Report: Dec 08, 2007
india vs pakistan 3rd test live cricket streaming from bangalore
Reading vs Liverpool live football streaming Barclays premier league
Everton vs Fulhan live football streaming Barclays premier league
India v/s pakistan,Banglor test, first day-India 365-3
Motorcycle Rear Wheel Propeller Adapter
Yuvraj Singh now rocks in Test too 
Who needs a Heisman when you got her?
Thrashers get Recchi off re-entry waivers
How to beat the New England Patriots
india vs pakistan live video streaming test match3 day2
match3 day2 live cricket streaming neo sports link
india vs pakistan 3rd test live cricket streaming neo sports link
Florida's Tim Tebow Wins Heisman Trophy
Boxing - Mayweather stops Hatton to retain title in 10th round
football star launches clothing line to finance charity
For Florida Quarterback, It’s a Year of Firsts 
Middlebrough vs Arsenal live streaming football
Italian Serie A Live football Streaming your Web TV
Premira liga soccer live streaming
Right or Wrong: Crowd Abuse During Football Matches?
Video Interview with Floyd Mayweather After His Win
Foreign Coach Again - Kirsten to Coach Team India
Flying Humans, Hoping to Land With No Chute
Real Madrid C.F Managers Progress 2003-2007
Navtej Kohli : Mourino rules out being England Football Manager
What a Goal by 9-Year-Old Hockey Prodigy
Beckham agrees to teach Snoop Dogg's kids
Wwe Fanatics: WWE Monday Night RAW 15th Anniversary Results - December 10th 2007
Fun facts about China and the Olympics
Vick Behind Bars
Manchester United vs Derby [ 4-1 ] - Video Highlights
Top 10 Bowlers on T20 World Cup 2007
8 Thoroughly Misleading Baseball Team Names
Indians all set to win home series against Pak in 28 yrs
Sean Taylor Highlight Video Remix
Packers vs Rams Preview
Mavs still haven't made the deal for Kidd
Video of TJ Ford Injured As Raptors Win 
IOC strips Marion Jones of 5 medals
Steven Gerrard's House robbed while playing a Champions League Game
International Biathlon Union
Beijing 2008 2nd Phase of Ticket Sales starts
Cricket Australia is preparing to defy 130 years of tradition by trialling day-night Test matches within three years, a projected move that will horrify many of the game's conservative fans.
Olympiakos vs Werder Bremen
Capello to become England manager
Steroid Report: Clemens, Pettitte named in probe
Report to name pro baseball's steroid users 
snow accident
Increase vertical jump
Steroid Report Implicates Top Players - New York Times
Once Again: The Funniest NFL Week 15 Preview You'll Read
List of Players Named in Mitchell Report
Dunstan Baby Language Helps You Understand a baby!
Schumi Says Ralf Should Just Quit
The Top Ten Car Songs
Dennis Green's trademark application for THEY ARE WHO WE THOUGHT THEY WERE
Arturo Williams Hung-Gar Kung Fu
Packers Playoff Schedule
Discuss the Mitchell Report on TSC!
Kovalainen completes McLaren move
Five Manchester United fans stabbed after FC Roma game
Blueprint for defeating the Patriots?
Extreme Surfing Video on 80-100ft Wave.  Nuts!
Liverpool v Man Utd preview
Victor Conte Weighs in on the Mitchell Report - Video - Would take him to stop
Roger Clemens' anti-steroids speech to St. John's baseball players pulled from TV
Selective Amnesia | Sidepodcast : Your Weekly F1 Podcast
Lovecentria and The Art of Lovemaking - content rich, full documentaries, advice forum and interactive body maps
Andy Pettitte Admits Using HGH
Arsenal vs Chelsea live streaming football
Golf Mind Power
milan world champions!
Quote of the day - 12/15
Brees' 315 yards, two TDs keep Saints in wild-card hunt
NFL: Favre passes Marino to take all-time passing yards record
Bud Selig loves…the Wu-Tang Clan?
Throw the bums out of baseball's Hall of Fame
Captains Log, Cruising, Sailing &amp; Chartering Experiences and Recomendations
MNF Preview - Bears at Vikings
[NBA] Lebron is unhappy with his team play 
UPDATED 12/17: Stanford’s Twin Towers are back together
Towels
The Legacy of Rich Rodriguez
F1 star Lewis Hamiton cought speeding by frenche police.
Widow Takes Husband's Ashes to NFL Game
Terry Tate - Office Linebacker
[NBA] Lebron reaches 9000 points milestone
Sean Taylor Named To Pro Bowl 
Packers vs Bears 12/23/2007
Remix Athletics - Sports Slogan Apparel and Gifts
London 'on track' for 2012 Games
Steroids: What's the Harm? What Clemens' fraud was and what it really means.
7 Strikes and You're Out
[NBA] Shaq agrees that he plays miserable
Dr. Z: NFL Power Ranking for 12/19/2007
Rape inquiry after Manchester Utd party
[NBA] Bulls had no answer for Lakers
See a sneak peek of the A-Town girls' 2008 swimsuit calendar shoot. 
The dog ate my baseball
3 UNC Football Players Assaulted By Women
Steroids in Baseball
[NBA] Blazers win 9th - longest active streak. Are they for real? Yes!
Steve Waugh saves his final battle | Nihar's World
Steroid-free, Retired MLB Player, Ex-Ivy Leaguer Doug Glanville and his thoughts on baseball's current situation
Prasadha Journey Activity
Have any of you seen this idiot on youtube? check it out!
Sidney Crosby gets a Gordie Howe Hat Trick (a goal, an assist, and a fight)
McShay Previews the New Orleans Bowl 
Dallas beats Carolina 20-13, Owens Injured
Car news, car pictures, car reviews
Inter - AC Milan 2-1 goals
Making your own ski bike... or how to hurt yourself in the snow
Giants ticket holders selling chance to see Brady, Patriots go 16-0
Best rugby tackles of 2007
Kumble helps India thwart Aussies
Cricket - Pakistan Vs India - Last 2 Overs World Cup
Saturday's Patriots game will be shown on CBS and NBC as well as the NFL network.
[NBA] Cavaliers want to trade Hughes
2007 in sports, the wiki version
Foreigners Playing For England?!?
Sky Diving
Be Prepared for Spring Training
Weight Loss Strategy 1: Exercise
Fantasy Focus Football Thursday
Funny Biased Times (London) Headline (Can You Say Dewey Defeats Truman?) 
Courtney Prince News
Most amazing Freestyle EVER!
Manchester City vs Blackburn
Have you heard about Hristo Stoichkov?
[ESPN] A victory speech (and picks) from the Sports Gal   - NFL picks
Players must take responsibility for bad form - Duff
NFL Network vs. Cable companies in a nutshell
How Can I Increase My Breast Size Through Exercise?
Fishing Tournaments Video Compilation
Alaska Salmon Fishing video compilations | Alaska Salmon Fishing Videos
Music Marketing [dot] com: Cracking Pandora - How to Write a Hit Song
Augmentez vos performances sexuelles de 40 % grace à l'arret du tabac...
Packers roll Lions, Dallas looses
Video Highlights of Alabama Crimson Tide Winning Independence Bowl 
Fedor vs Hong Man Choi Yarennoka Video
Are you ready for some Football? Unless, that is, you have ca-able!!
Athletes increasingly aware fame can result in violence
Crosby hero in Winter Classic - Jan.1 2008
Ariza Dunk On Hill: Best of 2007?
Games to watch this week - 1/2
Murray fights back for Qatar win
Levy's short stint restored goodwill between Bills, fans
Pistons on a Ten Game Winning Streak 
Dallaglio Retires from International Rugby (Again)
BARTON MUST STAY IN JAIL
Tiger Woods Absent But Still The One To Beat
Is the Master Cleanse Diet Right for You?
Slip and Slide With the Seahawks - Nice strategy  :)
Bad Weight Loss
Live Cricket Online
Why you do not buy fake carbon fiber
Statistical Analysis of NFL: In the playoffs, the only guarantee is that there is none
Tendulkar ton pegs back Australia
Homefield-Advantage for LSU in National Championship?
How to fake your way through the first round of the NFL playoffs. 
Tracy McGrady kicks off Darfur campaign
Aston villa vs Manchester United live football streaming
Quote of the day - 1/5
NFL Wildcard Weekend
Kid Yamamoto Vs Rani Yahya Fight Video K-1 2007 Dynamite
Klem Loskot Boulder Vakuumgeist (9a)
Mammut Bouldering championship
Harbhajan banned for racist jibe
Titans vs Chargers Pregame Report
Packers Forum
Do Timeouts Work?
Saturday Morning Rangers Notes
Roman Zentsov vs Mike Russow Fight Video Yarennoka 2007
India-Australia Cricket Tour in Jeopardy?
Bodybuilding tips for hardgainers
Why I love college basketball…
Brain McNamee Refutes Clemens Claims - Will File Lawsuit Also
Retro Skateboarding videos
Ross Pointon Vs Marius Zaromskis Fight Video Cage Rage 24 - Bad Axe Cut
9 arrests made as Ohio State fans deal with lopsided loss to LSU in BCS title game
Steve Bucknor removed from Perth Test
Bentley Mansory Continental GTC
CBC Hockey Day In Canada - Get Your Hockey Memories on the Broadcast
Eddie Alvarez Signs With M-1 And Elite XC
Robbie Maddison's World Record Motorcycle Jump: 322 ft.
Chuck Liddell Video - Chuck Gives A Backyard Beatdown
Skrtel Passes Reds Medical
FINALLY, some real backing for a college football playoff - write president Adams to voice your support!
On Clemens, Steroids and Relationships
[NFL] Brady named Offensive Player of Year
5 steps to improve your accuracy when hunting or shooting
Hall of Fame Says No to Mark McGwire 
Roger Clemens Boots Brian McNamee Off X-Mas List
Indiana Hoosiers Basketball Won Its Ninth Straight 
Games to watch this week - 1/9
FIRE &amp; ICE AT THE PALACE!
The Latest NBA Trade Rumors
UT Women's Basketball Team and Plane Stuck in the Mud
Julie Kedzie Vs Julia Berezikova Fight Video Bodog - Great Lady Fight
Mirko CroCop vs Yoshihisa Yamamoto Fight Video
Video Tip: How to Hit a Flop Shot
Midweek Exam: BCS Winners and Losers 
Western Conference Division Reports - 1.09.08
Raise your hand if you want to own your own professional sports team.
Kenny George Named Big South Co-Player of the Week
Yoga &amp; meditation for sportspersons
Piano Bar Fisticuffs For Heisman Runnerup
Move over Barry, Roger now Baseball's Biggest Jerk
Stephan Bonnar Vs Forrest Griffin 1 Fight Video UFC Ultimate Fighter Finale
TennisGrandStand - An ATP First Week 2008 Recap
Broadcaster Suspended for Racial Tiger Comment
Saint Louis Billikens’ fans must be so proud…
Jim Furyk Upbeat About Sony Open Chances
Marion Jones Sentenced to 6 Months in Prison For Lying About Using Steroids
Hand Injury Forces Mahir Oral to Pull Out Of IBF Eliminator vs. Zuniga!
Wanderlei Silva Vs Dan Henderson Fight Video Pride 33
Former US Olympic Hero Marion Jones sentenced to 6 months in jail for lying about steroid use, check fraud
All About Stability Balls
South Africa vs West Inides live cricket streaming 3rd test 
ImpulseTickets.com  Get Instant Access to the Hottest Tickets in Sports &amp; Entertainment.
TennisGrandStand - Sharapova's Got a Tough Draw
Pointing - Charles Darwin wants to talk to you!
[NFL] A big challenge for the Jaguars
Packers vs Seahawks Playoff clash
Kimo Leopoldo Vs Bam Bam Bigelow Fight Video
Ovechkin makes NHL history…without an agent
Chuck Liddell Vs Randy Couture 2 Video UFC 52
Ohio State president Gordon Gee on football playoff: They will wrench a playoff system out of my cold, dead hands.
Packers Slash Seahawks 42-20
2008 Tennis Australian Open Preview 
A Mixed Bag of Shooting and Hunting Equipment Reviews
Nfl Playoffs 2008 Week 2
Hot Stove Trade Report: Scott Rolen for Troy Glaus? 
Beijing begins train ticket sales for Spring Festival travel rush
Webster seals thrilling BDO final
Road to the Super Bowl goes through Green Bay
Royce Gracie Vs Kazushi Sakuraba Fight Video K-1 DYNAMITE USA
Imported from France, a growing sport known as parkour is literally driving people up walls.
Romo finally gets time with Jessica
Merrill Hoge Previews the NFL AFC Championship
Can there be anything funnier than watching Terrell Owens crying like a little bitch?
Esercizi sul green, i binari per migliorare il putt
Enter to win a Heavy Putter or an Odyssey White Steel Putter
IAAF: 'No Olympics for amputee sprinter.'
Premier League Managers Mid-Term Report Card - Part II
Kids Martial Arts Center
TennisGrandStand - Sharapova Sets Up Clash With Davenport
ESPN: Video Games…Now officially a sport.
Rangers Add Fukumori, DFA Shelton
The Rise and Fall of Pride FC
Baghdatis Wins His Opener in Four Sets - Video Highlights
Fire Richard Peddie.  Save the Leafs.
Gina Carano Pulled from EliteXC Fight Card
SHAMROCK'S SIGN WITH ELITEXC!
NFL Coaching Carousel Rumors
India vs Australia live cricket streaming 3rd test from Perth
Frank Shamrock vs. Cung Le!
Airtel scores over Kumble's gandhigiri
DESCHAMPS 'NON' TO NEWCASTLE? - Football365 
Andy Murray
New England Patriots' Randy Moss hit with restraining order.
The Diet Secrets Of 7 Women Celebrities
ESPN in Bed With NBA CHINA
Video Tip: Dealing with Uphill &amp; Downhill Lies
Fixing the BCS Part II: Reduced Sponsorship
Princeton Basketball: Moving Forward into the Past
Games to watch this week - 1/16
Video Tip: How to Control Your Distance
Tecmo Says: Pats v. Giants in Super Bowl (w/Video)
Watch the Judge yell at OJ Simpson and double his bail! - Video
Rangers Notebook: A Bullpen Primer
Tito Ortiz A Place in History
Packers vs Giants Preview
C.Ronaldo Vs The Bugatti Veyron Video
Keegan - Mess or Messiah?
H-O-R-S-E now competition during All Star Weekend
Jason Garrett…Cowboys head coach in 2009.
Crave Energy Drink Business -Canada &amp; USA
The Giants are one game away from the Super Bowl
The Wit &amp; Wisdom of Kevin Keegan
Kung fu out in Beijing Olympic Games
Jason Kidd Named 2007 Male Athlete of the Year
Herschel Walker reveals in book that has multiple personality disorder
Hitler is a Disappointed Cowboys Fan [video]
NCAA Basketball Bracketology: A New No. 1? 
How To Get Out Of A Chokehold
Prawn Fishing
NFL Divisional Playoff Games TV Ratings (Jan. 12-13, 208)
Reading vs Manchester live streaming links
Highlights of the English Premeir League Match between WIgan Athletic and Everton 20/01/2008 (20 Jan 2008)
Jason Lambert Vs Wilson Gouveia Fight Video UFC 80
Marcus Davis Vs Jess Liaudin Fight Video UFC 80
Patiently awaiting the “Run-DMC”/Nike endorsement deal
NBA Great Bob Lanier Honored For Lifelong Achivements
New York Giants Super Bowl XLII Condo Rental
Kaymer holds
FIFA and UEFA to compensate clubs for players in international competitions
Top Five Goals - iFutbal.com offers football video highlights, freestyle soccer clips and much more. 
TennisGrandStand - Australian Open - Halfway Report
Review: Books on Hunting
Racial taunt Ok, but only from friends: Symonds
Hollywood Minute: David Beckham Soccer News
The Best Hotels To Stay In For The Singaporean Grand Prix
Egypt vs Cameroon Live Streaming Sopcast,mms,real playerlink
Surfing in Munich
Rangers, Cubs Talking Byrd Exchange?
Heat Center Alonzo Mourning Retirement Not Official Yet
Sam Stout Vs Per Eklund Fight Video UFC 80
New York Rangers Brian Leetch Night in New York
The Greatest footballers to Come out of Africa
Greetings, from the New Guy
I always wondered if this ever happened
UFC Pride Best of Bas Rutten
Africa Cup of Nations :Tunisia vs Senegal Live Streaming
Tiger Woods Considers &amp;quot;lynch&amp;quot; Incident Closed
Video Highlights of Five Power-play Goals Give Devils Win Over Flyers 
Fans' website approves Ebbsleet United deal
Red Sox looking to extend fanbase in Japan
5 Secrets to Massive Muscles
Drink More Water to Lose More Weight
378 minutes of penalty after team on team hockey fight
World's Top Two Tee Up at Buick Invitational
Bonds asks federal judge to throw out perjury case
Boxing Gloves
	Success tips for basketball players
Pro Wrestling Almanac
tv: Racing Santander vs Athletic Bilbao Live sopcast links
THE BEST GOAL EVER !!!!! - ENGLISH VERSION
The Rise and Fall of Clayton Holmes
Those crazy Brazilians - Bossaball
tv: Africa Cup of Nations :Ghana vs Namibia live streaming
tv: villarreal cf vs FC Barcelona Live Streaming sopcast links
Interview with Randy Couture on His MMA Future 
8 Things To Do At The Ballpark (Besides Watch The Game)
Sports Illustrated and Takkle.com Top 100 High School Football Players
Deron Washington hurdles a dude going to the hole [vid]
Deron Washington is a good dunker
Top 10 Ugliest college basketball jerseys
345 lb Troy Actor Nathan Jones Vs Koji Kitao Fight Video Pride 1
India buoyed by Tendulkar century
Cool Photos of Christiano Ronaldo
Who has a better complexion - Tom Coughlin in sub-zero weather in Green Bay, or Emperor Palpatine?
tv: Africa Cup of Nations :Nigeria vs Mali live
Classic Fight- Rickson Gracie Vs Nobuhiko Takada Fight Video Pride 1
Video Highlights of Sharapova Winning Aussie Open Title 
Allen Iverson Leads Nuggets to Win Over Nets
Paintball Tactics: Using the Trap - Paintball Tactics
tv: India vs Australia 4th Test Day 4 live links Sopcast
At the Super Bowl…How much is a chicken dance worth?
Mysterious Blue Chlorine Haze in Charleston, WV
The Really Amazing Football Tricks Videos.
tv: FA CUP :Manchester United vs Tottenumhotspurs Live Sopcast Links
The Wit and Wisdom of Gordon Strachan
Randy Moss denies battery claim brought by woman
Damon Stoudamire To Get Buyout From Grizzlies
Trek VW 2008 MTB Team Roster Finalized
Redskins Fire Williams, Saunders
Breaking Down the Sportsbooks
tv: india vs australia day 5 Fourth Test Live
Great tips to help you train better
Super Bowl Analysis: Which Team is More Likely to Have Someone Get Into Trouble, Giants or Patriots?
Bringing their harmony to the 76ers game
Americas Fastest Growing Sport MMA's Biggest Star Quits
Rivalry between Rutgers, Seton Hall is heating up in Jersey
America de CALI 2 - Deportivo CALI 0 | 1987 | Derby CLASICO
Corvette Racing Goes Green
Jason Kidd Is Asking to Be Traded 
2008 Pro Bowl Results
Chris Leben VS Alessio Sakara At UFC 82
TennisGrandStand - Roger Federer is set to break another tennis record
6 Year Old Kid Breaks His First Baseball Bat
Economy puts Republicans at risk
New Orleans Wins Ninth Consecutive Game; Lead Western Conf.
Brady Gets An Interesting Offer At Super Bowl Media Day
Michelle Wie to Begin Season at Fields Open
Pettitte's meeting with Congress postponed until Monday 
Calgary Motorcycle Trade Show Photos
Michael Wilbon of Parsdon the Interuption has angioplasty
The World Of Ice Hockey
College basketball games to watch this week - 1/30
Climbing Video: Daniel Woods in Rocky Mountain National Park, Colorado
Los Angeles Lakers Begin Nine-Game Road Trip
Rangers Clean Up In ESPN, BP Top 100 MLB Prospect Rankings
Download Centre Court Tennis Magazine Free!
 Chris Berman is a Diva 
Online Craps, A History
The Case for Art Monk - NFL Hall of Fame Vote 2008
Quick Online New York Islanders Tickets Available
Celtics (13-0) earn another West win
The 5 Rules to a Sparkling Swimming Pool
NCAA Football Recruiting Insider: Top Classes 
webChattr: Live Chat for the Super Bowl XLII
Astana Not Invited To 2008 Giro d'Italia
A Brief History of NFL Cheerleaders
Australia Beats India in Twenty20 Cricket
Nothing more important than playing for Pakistan:SHOaiB AKHTAR
mclaren let down lewis hamilton
Super Bowl Predictions From Famous Authors
Why would I shop around for a motorcycle accident?
Frank Mir Defeats Fake Wrestling Champ Brock Lesnar at UFC 81
Justin Timberlake 2008 Super Bowl Ad
How You Can Run Fast
http://livesoccernews.blogspot.com/2008/02/can-2008-preview-guinea-ivory-coast.html
» Yankee Outlook for 2008 Yankees Blog
Grandstands To Terraces: Formula One Has Some Bad Fruit
 Performance &amp; Protection for Honda CBR 600RR Sport Bikes
Post-Game Interview with Plaxico Burress Excited Over Win
Official: McLaren Has At Least One Spanish Fan
Marathon Training Schedule Collection
How To Win At The Casino - A Trusted Gambling Strategy
A Note on Sports Fan Sportsmanship
Cricket goes to Bollywood
Turkey v Sweden Live | Online Football
Knight Resigns at Texas Tech
Texas Tech Coach Bobby Knight Retires From Basketball
Practical Suggestions for Ice Fishing Walleye Jigs
The Top 5 Bobby Knight Angry Rants!
Great Spring Crappie Fishing Techniques and Tips
Where will Julio Jones go? Super Wednesday in College Football
Darrell Scott, will it be Texas or Colorado?
Australia`s Pakistan tour limited to four cities:
Marv Albert To Announce NBA Games Through 2016
A Cynic's Paradise: Perfectville - Population 1 (In case you haven't seen the spot yet)
Chinese kid does 10 000 push ups in 3 hours 20 min None stop! [pic included]
Virtual Horse Game is the Modern Way to Play Such an Old Sport
The Many Advantages of Crappie Ice Fishing
Question and answer with Alex Ovechkin
Rangers Notebook: The Ryan Express Roars Back
The 2008 3 point shooting contest winner
Saltwater Fishing Tournaments Are Extremely Popular
2008 Daytona 500 Winner
How To Catch Walleye In Kentucky
New Zealand win over England by six-wickets(+photos)
SHOAIB AKHTAR-Doing well against Australia would be a motivation:
INDIAN PREMIER LEAGUE FINAL TO BE HELD AT MUMBAI
Snowboarding Advice For Beginners
Crosby spotted on the ice!!
Man Utd 1-2 Man City
Washington Huskies defeat #5 UCLA, sealing the game by throwing the ball off the face of Bruin with 47s left
Southern hospitality
A Bit Of Fun: Britney Griner
Carry On Adebayor!
A Full Serving Of Sanctimony
Rob McCullough Vs Olaf Alfonso Fight Video WEC 19 - Big KO
Indiana hoops coach snagged for recruiting violations ... while already be punished for recruiting violations.
Formula One to launch anti-racism campaign after incident in Spain
Johan Santana
Clemens &amp; McNamee: The YouTube Videos
New High-Tech Fly Fishing Tackles Review
FA cup fifth round comming up, Manchester United - Arsenal
Football fan throws pool ball after Everton keeper Tim Howard
Oz Chicks with Altitude
NBA All-Star Saturday Night Wrap-up 
Kyle, Kurt and Junior Sound Off After Daytona 500
Kyle Kendrick pranked by Phillies teammates
Scientists Break Down Baseball. Turns out, Jeter Really Does Suck
Antonio Silva Vs Ricco Rodriguez Fight Video EliteXC
10 Best All-Around Athletes of All Time
Bears release Muhammad
Van Horn agrees to terms. Kidd trade to Mavs imminent as final hurdle cleared
VORP: Number Crunching and Baseball Voodoo
Hong Man Choi Commercial With Waka Inoue
Swiss pass Euro 2008 security audit
NFL Hopeful's Story of Survival
KJ Noons To Fight Yves Edwards In Honolulu
Kobe's 41 Help Lakers Spoil Shaq's Suns Debut - Highlights
Lancia Delta - Geneva '08 Preview
When Paint is Not Enough: NBA All Star Weekend Comes to New Orleans
After taking a skate to the neck and almost losing his life, Richard Zednik is going to look for something to protect his neck when he returns next season.
Referee Bias
Amgen Tour of California 2008 Overall Race Results
 2009 Honda Accord Unveiled, To Be Released At ‘08 Geneva
 JCW Mini Cooper S - ‘08 Geneva Preview
Putting Lessons - How To Grip A Putter
NBA's Most Unbreakable Records
How the drama unfolded as Arsenal and England physio Lewin helped save striker Eduardo's career 
The Honda Classic - Luke Donald Has First Day Lead
Arena Football fans, a sports wiki for you. Since arenafootball.com sucks
World number one outplayed in Dubai
Bears give up on 2008
2008 Canadian National Mountain Bike Race Calendar
Shogun Blows Out Knee Yet Again - Liddell Fight Off
Kazuyuki Fujita Vs Peter Graham Fight Video Sengoku
UFC's The Ultimate Fighter 7 Complete Fighter Cast List
Jeannette's Pryor a popular figure
Anderson Silva Vs Yushin Okami Fight Video ROTR 8
Story of Hoops Star's Journey from Russia to Kansas
Tom Watson Vs Pierre Guillet Fight Video Cage Rage 25
Why Drake Will Be in the Final Four
The success of football teams wearing red shirts - including Manchester United, Liverpool and Arsenal - is no coincidence,
Rocco Baldelli Headed to DL Indefinitely - Health Concerns Bigger than Baseball
BMW Sauber 'not ready to win yet'
An olympic heroe
Ask Bill - Bill Mountford
The Best Part About Watching Sports Is Watching Them With Other People
Life after football (soccer)
Barry Bonds can't get signed.
Exclusive -  Tiger Woods, Pete Sampras and Roger Federer
Don Frye Pulls Out Of Yamma Pit Fighting Event
Chuck Liddell Vs Alistair Overeem Fight Video Pride Grand Prix 2003
Ask Bill - You Ask, Bill Answers!
Live Betting Odds For Strikeforce: Shamrock vs Le
Cung Le Vs Tony Fryklund Fight Video StrikeForce EliteXC
Mike Kyle Vs Wayne Cole Fight Video Strikeforce EliteXC
Florida Marlins hire a bunch of fat guys to be their dance squad. Best promotion since Bill Veeck signed a midget?
Stu Inman's ridiculous pass
Bertarelli damns Larry Ellison’s poor sportmanship over Amercia’s cup.
2008 AL West Preview
NOOO HE HIT IT!! Bucks stun Wizards
NASCAR Sprint Cup Qualifying Texas Michael McDowell Crash
14 year old kid is internationally competitive pool player.. great story.
Tiger Insists That Grand Slam is Possible
China doctors the news of Olympic torch relay
Torch in peaceful Tanzania relay
Lorena Ochoa Earns Hall of Fame Place
Roger Federer teams up with Spanish coach Jose Higueras
Carmelo Anthony arrested on suspicion of DUI
1980 Moscow Olympics: Misha crying during the departure of the athletes.
Refs help Cavs pull off amazing comeback
Packers Tell Fans They Gave Favre To A Nice Farm Family 
Gary Player Boosted New Masters Champion Immelman
Nutrition Do's and Dont's for the Sport of Golf!
This Golf Site Has one of the Best Golf Handicap Trackers Around..
Chevrolet Pushing for Alternative Fuels in NASCAR
Euro 2008 Fantasy Football
Tiger Woods' Surgery a Surprise to Players
Rolling Stone's Matt Taibbi writes a damn entertaining piece for Baseball Prospectus
slamball is back in summer 08!
After Michigan's loss to Appalachian State, I-A teams are being much more careful in picking their openers
Formula 1 driver Bourdais encouraged by better performing new car; STR Team less pleased he put it into the wall during practice
The Front 9: Golf Etiquette for Weekend Hackers
Torrey Pines Being Tweaked for US Open
Top NFL Draft Busts of the Modern Era
Hockey Hooliganism: When Fans Run Amok
Canseco talks steroids with federal investigators - Jose better get fitted for another set of pinstripes
How to make a mountain bike mud guard in 3 minutes.
Masters Win Still Not Sunk in for Trevor Immelman
Kids battle for Beckham jersey - Posh continues to scowl
Nevada amends glove-size rule to lure Cotto-Margarito
Torch Greeted By Protests, Police In Japan
Snooker World Championship 2008 — Watch Ronnie O'Sullivan's brilliant 147 [video]
The Desperation of Kelly Rowland, Music Star
Lupica: Clemens is acting like everyone else is lying
Lorena Ochoa's Rise to the Top of the Game
What Byron Nelson Deserves
Amazing Trick Shot: Mo Pete calls bank...on a 30-foot wall
Man U: Worth $1.8 billion
Colts WR Marvin Harrison questioned in shooting...uh oh.
Breakin' 3: Jannero's Boogalooo [NBA]
Boxing Oscar De La Hoya batters Forbes in tuneup
Anti-doping agency gets go-ahead
Watching a Tour Player for 18 Holes
Walsh Tapes just Chips off the Iceberg that is SpyGate
Bissinger's Blog Bashing: Under the Bottom, and Off Target 
Tennis: Wawrinka reaches semi-final at Rome Masters
Draft Analysis 
Baseball's all scandal team
D'Antoni accepts Knicks' offer
Mother's Day salute to Gisel Mora, mother of quituplets, wife of ballplayer Melvin
Basel win 12th football title
Wawrinka beaten by Djokovic in Rome
Portsmouth vs Fulham - Fulham Fans match report
Chelsea close to defensive capture.
United legend hails Giggs achievement 
In Kenya, Violence Shakes Running Community
Tribe's Cabrera turns 14th unassisted triple play in MLB history
SJ Sharks Fire Coach Wilson -- More Changes Coming?
C'mon LeBron, you can't curse out Mom!   
Zito becomes 1st 0-8 Giants pitcher since 1890
Candace Parker: WNBA Savior
Michael Carrick aims to topple Chelsea and give Fabio Capello a nudge at the same time
The owners opted out of the labor deal at the best time possible thinks Peter King
Women decipher rules of football
The Birthplace of Baseball?
All eyes on Wawrinka as French Open nears
Johnson Wagner Takes Opening Round Honors
OJ Mayo cuts ties with sports agency in the midst of the scandal - just ask his mommy
An Alta wiki to play with
Tony Stewart and Krista Dwyer Send Mojo To The Zoo
Please! I wanna like Derek Jeter! I do! 
Blues ready for Drogba talks
Coca-Cola Euro 2008 Commercial, The Power of Scream
Ashley Harkleroad The Next  Hot Tennis Player
Serena Williams wins at French Open
St. Paul Saints give fans a 'bobblefoot' to commemorate Larry Craig's wide stance
Randolph Remains Manager of Mets
The National Pasttime is Stronger Than Ever
Jay Bruce, the consensus #1 prospect in baseball, to be called up tonight
DenverStiffs.com (formerly FireGeorgeKarl.com) down? Conspiracy theories begin...
Are Baseball games too long?
crazy soccer players [vid]
We won the Memorial Cup! Here's the trophy...feels a little slipper....CRAP!
Blackhawks to host the Red Wings in next year's outdoor game
Bulls planning to hire Doug Collins
Indians pull of rare triple steal
Yves FusionMan Rossy Flies Over The Alps
Using the law of averages to your fantasy advantage
'Pacman' given permission to work out with Cowboys
Tiger Woods scoffs at Stanley Cup final
Tiger Woods Increasing His Practice Routine
Positive athlete news for once:  Noah Herron defends self with bed post, helps apprehend thieves
A Barry big debate
Detroit Red Wings Win 2008 Stanley Cup, Defeat Pittsburgh
A Magic Trick: Go Negative
GP Montreal : Hamilton secures pole while Kubice gets second
Most Hazardous Sports 
Detroit Red Wings Goalie Dominik Hasek Announces Retirement
The best human train wrecks in sports history
Roger Clemens, host of athletes pop Viagra to help onfield performance
Tiger Woods says his golf hurts more than his knee
Unknowns Steal the First Day Spotlight
“(I kept saying,) ‘What the heck, what is he doing?’   ” laughed Mediate. “‘What are you doing? Stop it.’   “
Audi win classic 76th Le Mans 24 hours race
Turkey v. Czech Republic: Possible the greatest comeback ever
Shaun Livingston resumes basketball-related activities - Los Angeles Times
2008 U.S. Open Recap: Tiger Woods, Rocco Mediate In Sudden
Tigers Ready To Roar?
Lakers only delay the inevitable
Tiger Woods has decided to have surgery on his left knee, ending his 2008 season.
Tiger Plays Through Pain, but at What Cost?
EURO 2008 : Greece 1-2 Spain
Kobe v. Michael
Life has so many hurdles. Some of them I've hopped over, and some of them I've tripped over. The key is to get back up and finish the race.  (what a beautiful quote!)
Maple bats may be banned by MLB because they break more easily putting players and fans at serious risk of injury
auf Wiederhören, Portugal!! Germany Ousts Portugal at Euro 2008
Our Government Doesn't Know When to Quit
Woman involved in Pacman fight is found dead in NY
Not hopeless in Seattle
Adventure Racing - A Masochist's Sport
Ask reddit: Euro 2008 Predictions, let's hear 'em!
S.F. Opera draws 23,000 to AT&amp;T Park
Wimbledon 2008 - Live stream
Lorena Ochoa is the best golfer in the world not named Tiger Woods.
Mike Tyson - Man of Exception, Hall of Fame
WORLD RECORD: 5 tickets per second &amp; Why Brazil SHOULD NOT be allowed to host the World Cup 2014  (W/  ENGLISH SUBTITLES!!)
Two has-been boxers duke it out for cash. Match starts in an hour.
 'Gunnin' For That #1 Spot' is a new movie about the NBA draft lottery-type players.
Has PETA Become Useless?
Arshavin sets heart on Barca move
NBA Draft Drinking Game
You Know What Really Grinds My Gears?
Bulls Take Rose With First Pick
The Perfect Football Pass [video]
Draft grades: Evaluating every team, from A+ to D
NBA Uses Rappers Song Without Asking And Now Must Pay Up. Bank Shot!!! And One 
Brandon Marshall and Javon Walker: Catching Catastrophes
Wimbledon's stars are buttoned up... but Maria Sharapova reveals a racy top
5 year old Pretty Boy Bam Bam in Action : : : DISPLAYS BOXING  SKILLS
Nadal on course after solid win
Nike soccer - take it to the next level - the director's cut
Finally, an Olympian worth rooting for. Jenn Stuczynski took up the pole vault 4 years ago, now she is the best female vaulter in the USA
I was a tennis geek
ESPN writer says NBA Western Conference is overrated
The latest from Wimbledon
Euro2008 best goals are...
Ultrarunning Gets Younger – and Faster
Chelsea sign Barca playmaker Deco
Chelsea sign Barca playmaker Deco 
The dying art of the knuckleball
A $1,118,060 Mistake
 Barca seal £23.5m deal for Alves
Even for successful female athletes, the attention goes to their clothes.
Ryan Dempster is About to Implode
Warriors left to pick up pieces after Baron Davis sudden departure to Clippers
Kentucky basketball museum closes in face of financial woes.
Fletcher gives Leafs Finger
Video - A remarkable 800 meters race at the Olympic trials. 
Adding Davis makes the Clippers instantly relevant
Andy Murray sunk by Rafa
Hamilton eyes up British GP win
Saves Record isn't Safe
Audley says Boxing still number one
Favre itching to play ... again 
Is There Anarchy In the Houston Astro's Clubhouse?
Great Article about the Seattle Super Sonics and their Move to Oklahoma              
Cipriani tells England players to grow up
Man credited with coining 'the opera ain't over till the fat lady sings' dies at 81
Twelve Best Sports Books of All Time
Formula One F1 | Hamilton surges to British GP win
BASEBALL IS BAD FOR YOUR FACE (video)
Lewis Hamilton hails British GP win as best ever
EXCLUSIVE: Jaeger's confession - I let Martina win the title 
How Rafael Nadal finally took down Roger Federer
Our US Olympic hopefuls.
Tour de France: Summary of stage 1 (video)
Woof Woof Michael Vick Files For Bankruptcy
TownieNews = Comic Genius
5 records that are likely to fall in Beijing 2008
Patriots Deport Cheerleaders to China
Phenom Jennings to ditch college for pros.
10 Season Defining Games in College Football 08'
A-Rod Said He Was in Love With Madonna
Arizona Diamondbacks Consider Signing Barry Bonds
Tiger Woods Has No Interest in Ryder Cup Role
Elton Brand's depature to Philly just business, not a betrayal
Great Seats Still Available.
Happy Birthday, Arthur Ashe / findingDulcinea
Rumor: Brett Favre to Ravens
JELENA JANKOVIC IS SHY (video
Chinese dominance not guaranteed 
Packers GM, coach say no to Favre's release
Female Softball player takes out a section of the wall. (vid)
History of the Home Run Derby at the All Star Game
Keep track of all the latest news from the Olympics
Favre: Packers should let me play elsewhere 
Winding road leads Josh Hamilton to Majors
Would Bridge be welcomed at Fratton Park?
Brett Favre speaks publically for first time since since asking Packers for release (video)
Muscle fatigue is caused by the brain
 Nigerian football conmen exposed
The NFL Pregame Shows Suck. Here's How to Save Them.
From The People Behind Baseball-Reference.com, A Comprehensive Stats Site For The Olympics
Ronaldinho to sign for AC Milan 
Nuggets deal veteran Marcus Camby to Clippers
We'll spank all you yanks
Concerned about gang signs, NFL reviews tapes
Porfessional Sports leagues continue their assault on the First Amendment
NFL steps up monitoring of players for gang signs - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
NFL steps up monitoring of players for gang signs - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
New Volunteer Program Started by U.S.O.C. - 2008 Olympics – Sports and News from China – The New York Times
Rooms With a View of Real Beijing Life, but Will There Be Guests? - 2008 Olympics – Sports and News from China – The New York Times
Padraig has 50-50 chance of lasting
Pompey make Kaboul bid 
Quinton “Rampage” Jackson, Former UFC Champ, Arrested
black owl squad softair catanzaro team
Yao Ming back from broken leg
SportsDepot.com Thanks Customers with a Free T-Shirt
Ronaldinho Nears Deal with AC Milan
Painless needle mimics a mosquito's bite
Pompey target Kaboul dismisses Sunderland link
Catfight on pit road.
Unicycle Football
Crowd violence erupts on West Ham United's US tour
Lewis Hamilton is the pass master
Padraig makes in two in a row
I never really cared for Indy Racing. Until now: Milka Duno is incredibly hot.
Giants TE Shockey traded to Saints for draft picks.
Danica gets way too much of a free ride
Saints acquire Shockey for draft picks - NFL 
Free Flip Flops for Brett Favre Night 
Michelle Wie to Play on PGA Tour Again
Great Sporting Bastards
Do Asthma Medications Give Olympic Athletes an Advantage? (Up to 25% of olympic athletes had asthma in one study!)
History Of Rock Climbing
Swiss send small delegation to Summer Olympics
A-Rod Signs Deal with William Morris Agency
Top 12 Euroleague/NBA crossover stars
WBNA's Detroit Shock sign 50-year-old Hall of Famer Nancy Lieberman - as a player.
Bowden Still Going Strong at 90 - Onion-type funny on FSU Seminoles head football coach 
Beijing Olympics Ticket Line Gets `Scary' as Scuffles Break Out  
Yankees hierarchy discusses Bonds
Interview with Tonya Antonucci, Women's Professional Soccer CEO
NFL Training Camps Are Open...and Ready For Fans!
The National: Sports Autograph Extravaganza
Twenty20 Soccer?
Dwain Chambers to coach rugby stars
Sonny Bill Williams (Aus) accepts $3m deal with French rugby union
Best Fantasy Football Articles of the Weekend
The Generation Game in European Football Gets Harder
Hot Rivalry: The U.S.-China Gold-Medal Rush
Cycling paid its way into the Olympics
Fantasy Football Today
Two Sources: Red Sox Looking at Miguel Tejada
Quarterback competitions in NFL training camps are a farce
Euro 2008 reflects on successes 
Donaghy Receives 15 Month Sentence
Best Fantasy Football Articles of the Day
Alinghi wins legal victory in America's Cup
A sex-determination lab is set up to test the gender of some female athletes at the Olympics 
Top 10 losingest sports cities
IOC admits censorship deal with China
Seven Russian athletes have been suspended for doping
The Saints Jonathan Vilma speaks four languages. Who knew?
STEVE NASH, BARON DAVIS SEMI-FUNNY  
The Only Thing Michael Wilbon Hates More Than Sports Bloggers Is Pants 
FAVRE OFFICIALLY UNRETIRED, UNWANTED  
The Tales of Two Rodriguezes: Ivan and Alex Make Headlines for the Yankees
Federer loses again and opens door for Nadal
Manny Is on the Move — But Not to Miami
The Saints Randall Gay sheds light on his nickname...sort of
You alright babe?
Favre and the 'Madden Curse'
Super Freaks: Athletes Who Raised The Bar, Way, Way Up [infographic]
Braves Announcer Skip Caray Dies at 68
Lewis hamilton suffers puncture in Hungary
BRITISH superstar Luol Deng says he wants to finish his career with the Chicago Bulls after agreeing terms on a blockbuster new £40million deal. 
Skip Caray- Broadcaster and Voice for the Atlanta Braves- Passes Away at 68
 Skip Caray dies; spent three-plus decades calling Braves games  
 NCAA could be closing in on Bush 
USC Fan Snoop Dogg Pledges Love, Support to Les Miles and LSU (The Brainwashing is Complete)
YouTube - Oklahoma's Josh Jarboe Raps It Up ...and later gets kicked off the team.
Brett Favre...For The Love Of The Game
Milwaukee Brewers: The Brewers Imploding Late In The Season? That's Odd
Jimmy Clausen Drunk N’ Ready for Fall Football (Photo)
Top 10 Reasons Why Lance Armstrong is a Douchebag by Crazy Carl
10-year-old child matador with more than 50 kills to his name
5 Amazing Buildings for the Beijing Olympics [PICS]
Style Watch at the 2008 Olympics
Video: Michael Jordan Says He’d Stop Kobe Bryant One on One!  
 Olympic Athletes Are Even More Fascinating Than You Thought
Ari Fleischer drafted by Packers to broker deal with Favre
John Daly Still a Fan Favorite
Golf’s First Sugar Daddy, Rodman Wanamaker, And The Legacy of The PGA Championship
NFL announces new fan code of conduct 
Soul win it for Bob Jovi? 
Could Mark Cuban challenge baseball's anti-trust exemption?
LeBron James considering going to Europe?! 
 I will stay at Man Utd - Ronaldo - Soap opera finaly ended.
In Memory of John Mark Stallings - Gene Stallings Son Died 
20 Years Of Madden Covers
Favre dealt to Jets.
Favre saga over as QB gets fresh start with Jets.  Details of the trade.
PGA Championship Could Be Toughest Test of the Year
U.S. Olympic Team Loses Another Athlete
Ranking baseball’s ethical transgressions
Albert the Underrated
David Wright: Ten Year Man?
Robert Karlsson &amp;amp; Jeev Singh Top Leaderboard
Color Bias - Bulls No, Referees Yes
Top 10 new sports technologies that will change the Olympics forever
From the NBA to Europe ?
Rampages - - - explanation of rampage
10 Things You Don’t Want To Miss At The 2008 Summer Olympics
The 25 Best Sports Videos Ever Seen on YouTube
Ask a U.F.C. Fighter
Wondering about an Olympic athlete? Find bios for ALL of them here.
Padraig Harrington rallies from three shots back to win the PGA Championship.
Olympics: Compensation now Thanou's quest after ban from Beijing
Libby Trickett wins gold in 100m butterfly 
Race of the Century: 2008 Men's 4x100 Freestyle Relay (Worth Loading up IE For) [video]
Another gold for team GB
U.S. national pastime on its way out as Olympic sport
Cycling chief 'disgusted' at Spanish Olympic cyclist's positive EPO test
Spitz, once the star swimmer, upset over Beijing snub 
Yao has delivered, now it's China's turn.
Michael Phelps Wins Gold, Sets World Record in 200m
The Favre Te Ching
12 Unforgettable Olympic Stories
Spanish olympic basketball team ad shows them making slanty eyes
Players Divided Over Golf in the Olympics
2008 Summer Olympic Medal Count
ESPN Spotlights Autos Section With Auto-Embattled Hogan Family, Brother!
Lay-down Sally
U.S. Men dominate 4x200 Free relay. Phelps' count: 5/5 in gold medals so far.
Tight security, state-run ticket distributions and restrictions on foreigners mean many empty seats at the Olympics
Brett Favre And The Art Of Unretiring
Olympics: The mystery of the showering divers
Spanish Olympic Basketball Team Apologizes for Offensive Photo
Olympics: Asthma test dilemma (VIDEO)
Greatest Olympian of All Time: Phelps Wins 10th Career Gold
Ten college football coaches on the hot seat.
Pacman Jones to mail reinstatement letter to Goodell on Thursday - NFL
Beijing Olympics - Alicia Sacramone of the United States of America for gymnastics (Photos)
A Cab Ride and Nadal
Janos Baranyai: So, This Is What It Looks Like When Your Elbow Decides To Quit On You
Beijing Olympics: Second Spanish team photographed making 'slit-eyed' gesture
Michael Phelps Wins 200m Individual Medley Gold, World Record
Up to his old tricks - McEnroe tossed from tourney for arguing with officials, obscene gesture.
 We play soccer like the Brazilians play Ping-Pong.
Best of Beijing Olympics - Day 6 [pics]
How it works: Beijing's dive cameras
It’s Now Mike Minus Mad Dog at WFAN
News from Beijing - Olympic scores, stats and pictures
Nastia Liukin Edges Shawn Johnson for All-Around Gold
This article is a day early.
Video: Nastia Liukin on Her Gold Medal
After 4 surgeries to remove a brain tumor, she's still going for the gold in Beijing. 
Swedish wrestler Abrahamian loses medal after protest
Bold neuer Olympiasieger über 100 m: Weltrekord
Thunderous Bolt eclipses field, Phelps in seventh heaven
Sunderland 0-1 Liverpool
Everton 2-3 Blackburn
Middlesbrough 2-1 Tottenham
The Beast- Baptista- Heading to Roma
Michael Phelps Makes More Than A Splash
Phelps passes Spitz with golden eight
Usain Bolt Crushes Competition in 100 Meter Track and Field Race
Chelsea vs Portsmouth Live Streaming Soccer
Cristiano Ronaldo Compilation Video
Beijing Olympics - Alicia Sacramone portraits 
I'm Jose.. and I'm Fantastic.  The Special One is Back on Setanta Sports
Do Wealthier Countries Do Better at the Olympics?
Dream Team or Redeem Team? It's not even close.
Crowned: The Greatest Player In The World
usa, china, baseball, olympis, tit-for-tat vignette illustrates USA-China power struggle
 GB Olympians power to new heights
NASCAR Uncovers Cheating by Joe Gibbs Racing
Phelps, schmelps! J.Lo’s also in training
Steve Koreivo Has Seen All 119 Bowl Subdivision Teams Play - NYTimes.com
Phelps can garner $100 million over his lifetime
Yaz hospitalized in Boston
Only In America: Son Of Undocumented Immigrant Wins Gold
Ex-Yankee Irabu, aka 'that fat toad', arrested after drinking 20 beers and assaulting a bartender for rejecting his credit card
Muhammad Ali's least greatest moment? Could be...
Jamaican athlete Usain Bolt has already shot down a world record! (Video) 
EA Sports + Tiger Woods respond directly to web video (VIDEO)
British Windsufer So Excited She Lets One Slip
Usain Bolt Smashes Record, Fastest Man Ever
May-Treanor and Walsh win a rain soaked volleyball final. 
Football Videos
Blackburn vs Hull City
Football Videos - Fulham vs Arsenal
Best of Beijing Olympics - Day 12 [pics]
Losingest Sports Cities.  Small market teams are generally equated to long term non-success.
Sailing duo pick up another gold for GB
Umpires, MLB sign agreement on instant replay
NFLPA head Gene Upshaw dies of cancer at age 63
Upshaw played game hard on and off the field - NFL
Never mind the athletes . . . what happens to the medals?   
 Rank 'Em: Great Athletic Achievements
Female Chinese Olympians Are Dominant
The Run4Sam race will be held rain or shine, Sunday August 24, 2008
IOC reportedly probing Chinese gymnast’s age
Tiger Woods walks on water!
Awful Announcing: Slamball Gets Picked Up By CBS And Versus (Gus Johnson And Tom Tolbert To Announce The Championship)
Liverpool vs Middlesbrough
Peace Corps Bloggers in Jamaica on how much Usain Bolt's record means to Jamaicans
Natalie Du Toit Defines Adversity
Tom Seaver not sad to see Shea go
United States vs Australlia Live Streaming Basketball
ARGENTINA GOT SERVED  
The Making of Olympic History!
The closing ceremony of the Olympics in Beijing! (Video) (Video)
Who's on First in Medals Race? Count most golds or most overall?
Cuban Taekwondo Champ Banned for Life After Kicking Referee
Giants Osi Umenyiora out for season after hurting knee against the NY Jets
Bound For London Let the Flame Begin
Michael Strahan would consider doing a Favre for $8 million.
Eight Olympic Moments to Remember 
 London has started celebrating already-OLYMPIC FEVER 2012 
Michael Phelps Buys $1.69 Million Baltimore Condo (Photos)
Romania get the lowest number of medals at the Olympics, after 56 years 
Portsmouth vs Manchester  0-1 Fletcher
Ten reasons the Little League World Series sucks
Castro defends athlete who kicked judge in face
How Australia beat England at Beijing Olympics
Stephanie Rice, Michael Phelps and me: Eamon Sullivan
This is what you get for premature showboating!! 
Tiger Woods' First Course, The Tiger Woods Dubai, on Schedule
9 Year Old Pitcher Forced To Quit For Being Too Good
Is Usain Bolt A Freak?
I want 3 golds in London
Baseball Instant Replay to begin Thursday
How to Tell Someone You Aren't Joining Their FFL (without calling them a dork)
Did Michael Phelps get a gold medal for a race he lost? - By William Saletan - Slate Magazine
Olympic athletes and champions on the Ryan Seacrest Radio Show 
What is a gold medal really worth?
Baseball steps forward on Thursday when instant replay is introduced
Don't forget your homework:  LPGA Tour will suspend memberships if players don't learn English
Fotbal / Steaua - Galata: 1-0 (Video)
'Canes set to make the move to Dolphin Stadium - NCAA Football - Yahoo! Sports
Pryor expected to play for Buckeyes - NCAA Football - Yahoo! Sports
Michael Phelps Signs $1.6M Book Advance - An Inspirational Memoir
Malcolm Kelly Freestyle
Fair competition? There's nothing fair about it, Mike Martz says
Michael Strahan Turns Down Giants to Resume Role as Mike Tyson in Mike Tyson's Punch Out |
  2008 DETROIT LIONS PREVIEW; THEY STILL SUCK
TOP 10 REASONS WHY SHAWN MERRIMAN IS GOING TO PLAY WITH TORN LIGAMENTS/funny
Is It Too Early, or Too Late to Worry About The FedEx Cup?
Ryler De Heart has a nice shitty website.
Gary Matthews Jr. Catch, Maybe one of the best ever (vid)
YouTube - The best match in the history of the WWF?
Jupmode - Home of the OSU Sweater Vest T-shirt
RAPE COMES TO DUKE -  
  A-Fraud right back where he started
Phelps in Disney parade, to be on Oprah
- Michigan begins new era under Rodriguez
If Shawne Merriman wants to play with ligament damage, he should look at the pic in this article...
50 beautiful WAGs
Tressel gets big raise with revised deal.  Biggest in Big10.  6th nationally.
Gina Carano rolls around on the ground with Kim Couture 
OKC Thunder logo leaks, maybe
Arsene Wenger's Young Guns (no financial doping here)
Football Videos - Chelsea vs Tottenham Live Streaming
It all depends on the type of muscle fibre you have
Bad news for Arsenal and Liverpool : Man City's new owners richer than Abramovich
Tottenham accept Man City's £35m offer for Berbatov
CCBL and MLB come to Agreement
Soccer coach starves players (players were not allowed to eat until 8 hours after practice)
Duke Gets An Unexpected Guest
Instant Mistake: Bringing Replay to Baseball
Jaguars Lineman Richard Collier Shot, In Critical Condition
  Alabama Almost Makes Nick Saban Smile--Almost
Powell runs 9.72 in 100 meters at Lausanne
Lightning Bolt strikes Lausanne
Joba's Role for 2009 is Murky
SEC Beware
canadian football player celebrates touchdown with Spiderman mask...wait, in the crowd...IT'S THE SHOCKER!!!
NESN “reporter” Heidi Watney's Top Keeps Lowering
Best Fantasy Team Names You've Seen/Come Up With
Tatum Bell stole Rudi Johnson's luggage after Tatum was cut by the Lions
Chris Cooley holds his fantasy draft with fellow pros who look like amateurs. (vid)
A Closer Look at the Death of the '08 Yankees
How about Salary Cap Fantasy Football? Group Name: Reddit Password: sheeple
Oklahoma City team officially reveals that their nickname will be Thunder, and that their logo will be ugly.
ABG: NFL Predictions
Daunte Culpepper retires from NFL 
MORE INFO ON RUNNING BACK LUGGAGEGATE 
It's official: Oklahoma City Thunder  
What exactly does 15-minutes-of-fame Jenn Sterger do for the New York Jets?
Lingerie Football League about ready to kick off
JASON GIAMBI LOSES BOUT WITH BATHROOM DOOR - New York Post
JASON GIAMBI IS THIRSTY FOR WHISLEY IN A BOTTLE
Florida Marlins game had fewer than 600 seats occupied.  Official attendance was announced at 11,211.
Introducing the newest video game craze: John Daly (Drinkfest) Golf 2008 w/video
MRI shows Zambrano has tendinitis, inflammation
BARBARIANS AT THE PLATE Radar selects baseball's most scandalous all-star team 
JERED WEAVER BENCHED BY BENCH 
DENNY GREEN HAS WHORED OUT HIS FAILURE 
6 months sure blew by fast....
And This Is Why You Need To Know What Flugtag Is (Because It's Awesome)
Sox slugger Carlos Quentin to have wrist surgery
CBS sues NFL Players over fantasy football.
Angels second baseman Sean Rodriguez actually struck out in the fourth inning on Thursday at Comerica Park on a 4-2 pitch.
Disgraced sprinter Marion Jones has been released from U.S. federal prison.
The Dodgers' sexy fan base continues to grow 
UFC 88: Breakthrough - Preview
WEC 36 rescheduled due to hurricane 
Nick Saban has a potty mouth
An irreverant look at ESPN's weekly NFL Power Rankings
UFC 88 round by round tonight!
When is the draft? Detroit Lions 1st quarter score against Atlanta rookie QB 21-0
Best conference in college football? Week 2
Guy uses resemblance to Joba Chamberlain to sleep with lots of dumb chicks (w/ pic of dude)
Brady's knee injury reportedly to end his season
Yankees End Weekend with Loss
Serena Williams Wins 2008 U.S. Open
Football Manager 2009 Trailer and New Features
Andy Murray through to final
Formula One drivers find peace in Switzerland
5 Things to take away from College Football on Saturday (w/ videos)
A letter from God addressed to NE Patriot fans...
NBA TV To Let Fans Vote On Tuesday Night Games
Serena Williams Wins 2008 Women’s U.S. Open
Packers game is the hottest ticket in town -- Stubhub's top 10 this week
Chiefs safety Bernard Pollard Drills Tom Brady's Knee!! Tom Brady Out for the season!! (vid)
Federer Wins 5th Consecutive U.S. Open
Michelle Wie Rumoured to be Entering Q-School
Miniature football has never left the hearts of die-hards.
Your Week Three College Football Announcing Schedule
26 wins and four losses: Martina McBride's anthem is a lucky charm
Kobe to forgo surgery on his pinkie
Matt Cassel Rocks the QB Position, College Chicks, and the Karaoke Microphone
Coach puts English soccer players on junk-food free diet; Croatians taunt them with donuts.
How To Be The Worlds Most Annoying Fan
Unequal Treatment of U.S. Paralympic Athletes?
Shawne Merriman will have season-ending surgery on his injured knee
The New England Patriots will win Super Bowl XLIII
 The Sexiest Collision of Sports and Lingerie
Lance Armstrong Rides Again: The Vanity Fair Exclusive
Vince Young's Momma says Titan QB's feelings hurt.
Golf is, in reality or in simulation, an experience which is largely defined by its shared misery. 
The Ultimate NFL Experience: Hire A Cheerleader
There's a song about Tom Brady's shredded ACL injury already. (vid)
Buckeyes' Beanie Wells back at practice Wednesday
It's A Big Day For The Cassel Family
Pitiful Switzerland beaten by Luxembourg
Mandatory Course for NFL Players
NFL reportedly looking into armored cars to protect players
Physicists estimate how fast Usain Bolt could have run
Beanie Wells now doubtful for OSU - USC game
Putt With Your Brain
Goalball - Football for the visually impaired
If LA Had A Football Team... [Funny]
Police: Search for Vince Young because of suicide talk - NFL  
TC50 (Demo Pit): Ultimate Football Network Will Help You Manage Your Fantasy Football Leagues
Starting talking about the Cuban and Cubs latest news
Bruins vs Canadiens. 1970's bench clearing brawl.
Jeter Ties Gehrig in Yankees' Win Over Rays
Athlete Junk: Cooley Exposed More Than His Playbook
Congo riot over soccer witchcraft kills 11 
AFRICA + WITCHCRAFT + SOCCER = 11 DEAD 
Lewis in tyre woes again
 Could this be Carroll's best USC team?
Big Blunder Part of Wild Eagles Loss
UEFA Champions League Videos
Marseille vs Liverpool
AS Roma - CFR Cluj 1-2    WOHOOOOOO !!
Russian high jumper Ivan Ukhov faces a one-year ban after competing in last week's Lausanne grand prix while drunk.
FC Porto V Fenerbahce Live &amp; Highlights
Dynamo Kyiv v Arsenal Live &amp; Highlights
Man Utd vs Villarreal
Real Madrid vs BATE
Juventus vs Zenit
Top 10 Websites For Sports Trolls
7 Plays Dumber than Desean Jackson's
Ed Hochuli 'sick' after blown call in Sunday's Broncos Chargers game
Y not Yzerman to lead?
Ben Roethlisberger’s shoulder is, again, officially sprained, not separated. So it looks like he and shoulder may try to work it out. How nice.
Why the ACC Has No Good Football Players This Year (They're All in the NFL)
Angela Merkel: I wish I'd been a gymnast
Two bad refs, two very different punishments
 Early look: NFL draft top 100 prospects
Chris Cooley Apology
Open Letter to the ESPN Handjob Couple
Some jackass owns the domain Chicago2016.com and is refusing to sell to the city's Olympic committee.
Ron Jaworski being sued for Fraudulent Misrepresentation
Where will the NBA expand? Seattle, London, Paris?
George Brett Shits His Pants
Pearl Jam's Eddie Vedder pens Cubs song
Yankee Stadium to Host Last Game This Sunday Before Demolition
Stuart Scott, Raleigh Weatherman (video!)
Bolton vs Arsenal
Liverpool vs Stoke
Blackburn vs Fulham
Sunderland vs Middlesbrough
College Football: LSU-Auburn 2006 Game Changed Everything
Liverpool vs Stoke City Live Streaming
Some college football coaches are actually good people
Mark Cuban removes e-mails on Howard
Some guy named Selanne signs tryout contract with Anaheim
College Football's Highest-Paid Losers
Marijuana reform group takes on the NFL
Eddie Vedder's Song for the Cubs:  Someday We'll Go All the Way
Florida Over Tennessee
Hull City Vs Fulham Highlights | Goalcentre.com - Soccer Highlights and Live Stream
Fiorentina Vs Bologna Live &amp; Highlights
Chelsea vs Man Utd
Hull City vs Everton
Man City vs Portsmouth
Tottenham vs Wigan
West Brom vs Aston Villa
Chelsea vs Man Utd Live Streaming
Ji Sung Park Opens the Scoring for Manchester United
First Viewing - What a flop!  Closer Look - OH NO!
Vandy ranked for first time in 24 years.  It's a SEC thang.  Or something.
Stealing foul pole paint at yankee stadium... a pictography.
The TOP TEN Sports Zombies
Red Sox baseball players
Emmitt Smith Can't Speak Compilation
Mariano Rivera Talks Dirt [video]
5 Reasons Why LSU Beat Auburn 26-21
Jose Molina: The answer to the trivia question. Who hit the last home run at Yankee Stadium
Faldo's battlers are spanked
2008 Dolphins Playbook
Video-Ray Lewis Put A Huge Hit On Kellen Winslow During Sunday's 28-10 Ravens Win Over The Browns.  That's no way to treat a soldier.
The Seven Wonders of European Football
Top 5 Yankee Stadium Moments          
Can't-Miss Play: Eagles Receiver Makes Rookie Mistake 
Man Utd vs Middlesbrough
Arsenal vs Sheffield
Sheff Utd 'win West Ham tribunal' 
Liverpool vs Crewe
Anderson Silva's manager contradicts earlier reports, says champ will retire at 35
You know things are bad For the Raiders When they physically pick on reporters
Red Sox clinch postseason berth
NY Giants have suspended Plaxico Burress for two weeks for failing to show up on Monday and not responding to several phone calls by the team to explain his unexcused absence.
Time to trade in your Fire Millen! t-shirts for Millen Fired! (Detroit Lions GM)
Portsmouth vs Chelsea
Millen Era Over In Detroit
Awful Announcing: Kornheiser's Terrible Cosell Impression (And The Rest Of Your Monday Night In Quotes)
Athletes to donate brains for concussion study
Yankees to miss playoffs for 1st time since 1995 
The Pretty Face of Women's MMA: Gina Carano
Habs to get logo on Canadian dollar for centennial
Portsmouth 0-4 Chelsea Highlights
Blackburn 1-0 Everton Highlights
Sabathia fans 11, Brewers tie Mets for wild card
Is It All About The Benjamins? 
I'll make sure I'm in bed by 3am
Brazilian soccer player Thiago da Silva killed by hitmen hired by ex-girlfriend
Brazilian Soccer Player Brutally Tortured and  Murdered: Ex-Girlfriend Accused
Mets, Copying McCain, Call For Pennant Race Postponement (satire, obv.)
Ever Wondered About Players’ At-Bat Music
EliteXC fighter Gina Carano continues her battle for respect
Factfile: Newcastle manager Joe Kinnear
Ryder Cup Showcases Fresh American Talent
World's First Underground Soccer Stadium = Sickner
Three Oregon Ducks Involved in Car Crash, One Charged With Speeding
Millen's downfall: First-round flops  
Oregon State Over USC Upset
Stoke City vs Chelsea
Requiem For A Dreadful General Manager, Matt Millen (vid)
Slowing steroid use in Latin countries is daunting - MLB  
Dribble down economics
Everton 0-2 Liverpool Highlights
Newcastle 1-2 Blackburn Highlights
Rest in peace, Reg Dunlop: What Paul Newman meant to hockey 
Wigan Athletic vs Manchester City Live Streaming Football
White Sox stay alive, host Tigers Monday
Redbull Speedride - awesome mountain speedride contest footage!
Scarlet Faces
One of the best football catches you'll ever see 
Mets Say Goodbye to Shea Stadium and the Playoffs
Michael Vaughan's ready to fight on
Massa gaffe boosts Hamilton
Football fans told 'go to church'
Haslett moves onto Rams’ hot seat
Bruce Springsteen to perform at 2009 Super Bowl's halftime
International MLB Bonuses - Worth It?
Paul Godfrey has stepped down as Toronto Blue Jays president and CEO, bringing to an end months of speculation over his future with the team.
The World's Five Hardest Races
Physicists Say Headfirst Slide to Base Faster, Maybe
AaB vs Man Utd
Arsenal vs Porto
Paintball Equipment and Accessories
Datsyuk's injury slowing Wings' offensive progress.   This is in the NFL section of Yahoo Sports.  Oops.
Miami Dolphins running back Ricky Williams just want's to take a toke.
NFL`s Hardest Hits Compilation
Cris Carter is FOS
 Yes, That's Romo Lying Under Parcells' Bus
Bloggers, Or Anyone Associated With a Blog, Is Gonna Want to Steer Clear of Cris Carter
White Sox finally a winner in AL Central - MLB - Yahoo! Sports
Baseball Groundskeepers use parks as canvases
Liverpool vs PSV Eindhoven Live Streaming
Your Exclusive First Look At ESPN's Mayne Street
SI's Peter King: Admits to being Racist?
 Lisa Guerrero on Pats Fans: Drunken, Dirty, Obnoxious
Travis Henry arrested after alleged cocaine deal
Phillies win game 1 against the Brewers 3-1 on a 8 inning 2 hit outing by Cole Hamels
Incredible Chicago Cubs Etch A Sketch (VIDEO)
Curse removal backfires on Cubs
Report finds no NBA officials other than Tim Donaghy acted illegally 
Boston’s Josh Beckett pitches — for practice
Longoria's 2 homers lead Rays over White Sox 6-4 
Travis Henry caught from behind by police.  Threatened to kill fellow criminals and their family.
A pretty bad ass blind behind-the-back stick save in the NHL.  (video from multiple angles)
 Sapp says Kiffin treated unfairly, blames Davis for Raiders' mess  
Sapp comments may support Kiffin's claim Davis tampered with defense.
McCoy's 2 TDs lead Pitt over No. 10 South Florida 
The Doyer's destroy the Cubs 
Lingerie Football Friday
It's all about voting:   NFL vs NCAA: Football Cheerleader Showdown
Listen, A-Rod, there’s only one kind of affair worth having, and it’s an affair of the groin.
Wojtek Czyz, running with a space-tech enhanced prosthetic leg, set a new world record at the Paralympics 2008 in Beijing, reaching an amazing 6.50 m and beating the previous world record by 27 cm.
Flu forces Abraham to postpone bout with Marquez
Kevin Garnett Talks About Being NBA 2K9 Cover Guy, Using AOL
One Hall Of Famer, Damaged Condition: O.J. Simpson's Memorabilia Holds Little Value
Shamrock won't fight against Kimbo
Manchester City vs Liverpool Live Streaming Football 
World Golf Tour Hits Hole-In-One With Rich Multiplayer Flash Game
Astros' pitcher Brandon Backe is a great wedding guest
Out on bail, Castroneves wins at Road Atlanta
..: ICC Ranking :..
Woman charged with stalking Lakers forward Walton - NBA
Barry Bonds says he's enjoying his `freedom'  from baseball.
Petruzelli in center of Elite XC storm - “The promoters kind of hinted to me, and they gave me the money to stand and trade with him.” 
Major changes coming to Hockey Night In Canada - Sports Rumors 
Baseball Brains - Psychologically Pitching In The World Series
Politics is like Wrestling? Debate Round Two: It Just Might Get Nasty
Dale Earnhardt, Jr. Gives Navy Recruits Break From Boot Camp
WHITE SOX FAN'S REVENGE - CMON SOUTH SIDERS
Neiman’s to sell Dallas Cowboys end zone in Christmas Book
Wake Forest in prime position against the preseason favorites
Only Goodell can judge Pacman
Taking a look at the SEC’s best coordinators
Boro Legends' Autographs Go Under Hammer
COLT MCCOY HAS BEEN HIT HARD MANY TIMES IN DISGUSTING FASHION
The 2008 Australian motorcycle Grand Prix [PICS]
Impress in training sessions
Suns and Nuggets prepare for windy outdoor game
Scotland vs Norway Live Streaming | World Cup Qualifiers 2010
Fitzy Does Philip Rivers
Warriors suspend Ellis 30 games for moped accident  
Chiefs put Gonzo on trade block
F1:  I paid for mistake, says Lewis Hamilton
Disney Race for the Taste 10K Race Results |Running Orlando
Los Angeles Dodgers reliever Jonathan Broxton high-fives his teammates after the Dodgers beat the Philadelphia Phillies 7-2 on Sunday.
Romo has broken finger - possibly out the next 4 weeks.
 Rangers prospect Cherepanov dies 
Running Orlando | Running Orlando Events | Orlando Race Tips
John Madden Taking This Weekend Off!  Beginning his Thanksgiving preparations.
October Events at Running Orlando Race Calender
Rising N.Y. Rangers star Cherepanov collapses and dies during game in Russia. He was 19 years old.
Game 4 of the NLCS: an October baseball game that will rattle around the memory banks for decades. 
Serena Williams Has Some Junk in the Trunk
NBA plans to develop sports arena in Shanghai
Pacman suspended at least 4 games for violating conduct policy... again
Monday Night Football Scores: Derek Anderson Leads Cleveland
Pacman handed minimum four-game suspension
Source: Cowboys discuss trade for Lions' Williams
Boxer soothes fists with son's wet diapers
Cowboys’ Adam Jones Suspended
Norway vs Netherlands Live Streaming
Ron Burgundy ESPN Audition
Belarus vs England Live Streaming
F–K THIS GUY  The guy behind the Sonics moving from Seattle lost $1.86 BILLION.
Ocho Cinco works out, talks trash, claims 0 percent body fat, and eats McDonald's
Pacman Jones suspended indefinitely.  How many times does Roger Goodell have to say that he ain’t f-ckin’ around, yo?
Adrian Peterson's 111-yard performance against Lions misleading.  By these measures, it actually sucked.
Gonzalez still with Chiefs as trade deadline passes - NFL
Snow season approaching! 
Does your husband think he can control the outcome of sporting events?
HOCKEY FIGHTS ARE BACK! (BODY SLAM EDITION) 
Leave nothing - A new Nike commercial follows the lives of Tomlinson and Polamalu until they finally meet...
Ken Griffey Jr. has left knee scoped.  Will probably become a free agent and not retire.
WR Roy Williams trade to Cowboys smells like panic to Deion Sanders
Deion Sanders on Adam 'Pacman' Jones: 'We're praying that he doesn't lose hope'  Says bodyguard threw the 1st punch and it's a minimum of 4 games.
Philadelphia Phillies Advance to World Series for First Time Since 1993
Swiss soccer team back in the running
From the Vault: black power shocks the Olympics
They'll wear the same orange outfit tomorrow to go hunting. And they'll wear the same orange outfit the last five days of the week in order to pick up trash.
The myth of the New York Jets fan
Upon further review, Randy Moss trade was a pretty good deal for Patriots
The 15 best live animal mascots in college sports
Union says teams acted in concert against Bonds.  Barry could get a nice cash settlement from MLB.
Baseball collusion or the gentleman’s agreement to drive down salaries by not bidding up free agents.
Top ten football(soccer) tricks
Romo practices, could play with broken pinkie  
Devin Harris Stunned On The Playground - ESPN Video
Clock ticking on Andrew Bynum's contract extension
Is the glass half-full or half-empty for Jimmie Johnson?
Union says collusion kept Barry Bonds out of the dugout this season 
Rays need to put Red Sox comeback behind them 
The return of Tim Brown could reverse the Oakland Raiders slide
Is Pacman in rehab or isn't he?
Your guide to College Football games complete with the full Television schedule.
Sarasota residents to the Orioles: You're no Brad Pitt
40 Years Ago Today: Why the Smith and Carlos Legacy Lingers
Welcome back to another weekend at the Deadspin Pub. The World Cup qualifying matches that interrupted club matches last weekend is in the rearview mirror
Baseball Site - Author, Peter Schilling Jr.
Alabama DT Cody to undergo MRI on right knee
SWISS BASEBALL- AND SOFTBALL-FEDERATION
No. 3 Penn State breaks Michigan hex, 46-17.  Joe Paterno was taking a nap.
Terrelle Pryor - If I don’t move the ball down the field, you should bench me.”
Phillies' Matt Stairs talks about getting his ass hammered.
Sunday Morning NFL Notes
World Series Preview
Red Sox 1, Rays 3 - Tampa advances to World Series
Winners and losers: Cowboys falling to pieces 
Yankees and Cowboys Team Up in Hospitality Business
Benedict Brett Favre?  Charles Woodson: Report shows Favre out to 'sabotage' Pack - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
“I used to tell people I played for the Devil Rays and they’d ask, ‘Who are the Devil Rays?’ Now I think they know who we are,” Upton said.
Steinbrenner Field Hosts Obama, but George Donates to McCain
Syracuse Football Team Eats Stone Crab Claws While in Tampa to Play USF
If a simple mouth guard can prevent concussions why isn't the NFL all over it?
Newcastle vs Man City Live Streaming
 When to Buy World Series Tickets
Browns TE/Soldier Winslow could face discipline for comments on GM 
Fenerbahce Vs Arsenal Live &amp; Highlights
Alex Karras, the dude from TV show Webster, had a nice screwy college and NFL playing career.  He was once suspended a year for gambling.
Juventus vs Real Madrid Highlights
Bayern Munich vs Fiorentina Highlights
Man Utd vs Celtic Highlights
Fenerbahce vs Arsenal Highlights
Steaua vs Lyon Highlights
Porto vs Dynamo Kiev Highlights 
Zenit vs BATE Highlights
Tiger Back at Torrey Pines.....wait for it......As a Caddie!
ALCS Game 7 Set Cable TV Baseball Record
NFL Monday Night Football Scores: New England Patriots Blast
Man Utd vs Celtic Live Streaming
Elite XC down for the count.  Going out of business.
Cowboys, Yankees form company for new stadiums  
Retro Style NFL Apparel!
Del Piero scores a long range goal aganist Real Madrid
A second NHL team in Toronto?
Ten Baseball Movies That Belong in the Hall of Fame
Man United beats Celtic with 3:0, Berbatov scoring 2 goals
Seattle mayor still eyeing NBA’s return
Inter Milan Vs Anorthosis Famagusta Live &amp; Highlights
Reggie Bush changes course on legal counsel - College Football
Ref-player collision becomes YouTube.com favorite
Browns suspend Kellen Winslow for 1 game 
7 Most Extreme Cliff Diving Spots On Earth
Panathinaikos Vs Werder Bremen Live &amp; Highlights
This Saturday it's Georgia vs. LSU for SEC Supremacy
Amauri's goal aganist Real Madrid
Ramsey scores a wonderful goal aganist Fenerbahce
Chelsea vs Roma Highlights
Atlético Madrid vs Liverpool Highlights 
The Swiss roots behind FC Barcelona
FC Basel vs Barcelona Highlights
Inter Milan vs Anorthosis Highlights
Romo says he won’t play against Tampa Bay
Monty Beisel's Big Fumble Recovery Brings Attention To His Playboy Wife Amanda Carraway
Philadelphia Phillies and the Curse of the AL East
PSV Eindhoven vs Marseille Highlights
Panathinaikos vs Werder Bremen Highlights
Does protecting the quarterback help?
Favre again denies helping Lions prepare for Pack
Michele Tafoya Is Ditching The NBA For Her Family
Beckham close to joining AC Milan on loan 
Ravens Have a Bounty on Hines Ward? - NFL FanHouse
Favre says he didn't give Lions any inside info about Packers
The 10 Greatest MMA Videos I’ve Ever Seen
NFL is turning into the gestapo - do not name names
Meet Rick Reilly's Fantasy Football Partner: Barack Obama
Oh NHL.  A clean hit will get you interfered with, sucker punched, and dropped to the ice.  
Ref Sucker Punches HS Quarterback
Tim McCarver's verbal diarrhea has reached critical mass.
David Beckham is Outa Here and will sign with AC Milan
Bumpshack College Football Top 5 (Week 7)
Old school baller: 73 yr old makes college varsity basketball team (yep, its a record)
You Do Not Want To Be In Jan Huokko's Fave Five
20+ Ways to Enjoy the World Series Online
Lute Olson Stepping Down as Arizona Head Coach Due to Health Issues
NFL announcer pet peeves
World… er… east Coast Series!
Ocho Cinco to keep 'Johnson' jersey for rest of '08
73-year-old laces up the hightops
Rays defy baseball logic with Game 2 win.  By making outs. 
Lute Olson and others (Paterno, Knight, etc.) haven't grasped the art of the exit  
Rachel Erikson is Lingerie Football League &amp; Tampa sports TV reporter
Rays fan can win $25,000 on bet if Rays take the title
Phillies Kyle Kendrick has a weird crush on the Backstreet Boys
Chase Utley Jersey Bodypainting (nsfw)
Man Paints House Burgundy, Gold in honor of his beloved eyesores.
International Rules Footbal Fights 2006
A nice NFL bruise
Kobe Likely to Opt Out This Summer
Isiah Thomas in Hospital Following an Overdose
Isiah Thomas' Son Says Reports of Overdose are False
Exclusive: Dwight Howard and his whoopee cushion 
90 points scored, close to 1,000 yards offense.  The SEC shows that defense is optional.  UGA over LSU.
Spuds go bananas
Tara LaRosa: Gina Carano deserves return to spotlight
Atalanta Vs AC Milan Live &amp; Highlights
Inter Milan Vs Genoa Live &amp; Highlights
Real Madrid Vs Athletic Bilbao Live &amp; Highlights
Chelsea Vs Liverpool Live and Highlights
The Second-Guess: Should Fox TV dump Buck &amp; McCarver now? 
Now Texas Tech is just scary 
Favre almost loses to a 2nd time starter on a shit team without hteir top 2 QBs and top RB.  Still got it.
Federer completes a record triple in Basel
Phillies rock Rays 10-2, take 3-1 Series lead 
Lee Corso drops an F Bomb on Gameday
Texas Tech Contest Winner Kicks Nine Extra Points
Comedian Greg Charles Joked About Alex Rodriguez's Season Highlights
Dude promises to run down street in Georgia flag if they scored 50 on LSU.  They do.  He does.
Late-starting Game 3 draws record-low TV rating - MLB 
Three Arizona recruits back out after Lute Olson retires
So Formula 1 without Ferrari...
NFL investigating 6-8 players for steroids
Kitesurf video slow-motion
Knicks Cut Ewing Jr. 
Your team has the chance to win the World Series for the second time in its existence.  Who do you tap to sing the national anthem?  Oates.
Phils, Rays suspended in 6th inning tied at 2.  Go weather!
The Most Valuable Teams In NASCAR - Forbes.com
Soccer Team Valuations - Forbes.com  ManU is $1.8Billion
Building A Tennis Career From The Bottom Up 
Bowled Over / A collision with Pete Rose in the 1970 All-Star Game changed Ray Fosse's career
Newcastle vs West Brom Highlights
Rain delay gives gives entire city of Philadelphia championship blueballs, myself included....
NFL's Worst Chokes
Why wasn't this game stopped earlier? I mean, when do you ever see a puddle at home plate?
An Insight Into the Way Liverpool Buy Players
Fully Flared Opening
No Game 5 tonight
Top 10 silver linings for Phillies fan 
Bill Walsh is kinda dead and not a mentor of Singletary.  Somebody should make that clear to Fox.
Did Bud Light Bust Patrick Cote's Knee?
Cottrell out as Chargers' defensive coordinator
Big Lie: Big Ten.  The easiest path to the National Championship
Bruce Smith, Rod Woodson, Shannon Sharpe among Pro Hall candidates  
15 North Texas players fail coach ordered drug tests  .  The team is 0-8.  You're doing it wrong.
Middlesbrough Vs Man City Live &amp; Highlights
Aston Villa Vs Blackburn Live &amp; Highlights
Stoke City Vs Sunderland Live &amp; Highlights
Aston Villa vs Blackburn Highlights
Houston, We Have A Compound Fracture
Paul Pierce:  Tears of a champion
Phillies won Game 5 — according to Vegas
Roy Williams Dresses up as Tatum Bell: THE THEIF
Kimbo Slice-Seth Petruzelli Rematch in Japan on New Year's Eve?
David Bentley 40 yard volley.....YALLAH
Colts could get Sanders back for Patriots game
Red Bull Arena Construction Update - 10/29/2008 [pics]
Phillies Win World Series
Phils Win, Now Meet Heidi Hamels.  Includes video of Heidi stripping on Survivor:The Amazon
Drunk John Daly Spends a Night in Jail
NFL Stats Whudda Thunk It Edition
Terrell Owens Enjoyed The 2005 Season In Vegas... with an Eagles cheerleader
A long time coming: Phillies win the World Series.  Their 1st since 1980.
Cole Hamels is having a good time - World Series Champ, WS MVP, NLCS MVP, and check out his hot wife Heidi Strobel
Great place to a put a fucking steel cart.  Houston WR Breaks Leg. (video)
University of Wisconsin Football Center writes a pretty hilarious blog
David Beckham still loves the cheerleaders
Even Shaq has to laugh when Popovich pulls a hack-a-shaq 5 seconds into the first game of '08-'09.
Mounted Memories and MAB Celebrity Sports Partner up for Exclusive Deal with World Series MVP Cole Hamels
Kiffin files grievance with NFL to force Davis to pay him
Athletes don't know how to keep it in their pants
Halloween NFL style - 10 scariest players in the NFL
Houshmandzadeh guarantees Cincy will not go winless 
Coach Mike Singletary dropped pants to make point to San Francisco 49ers
Small receivers coming up big - NFL 
Red Sox favored to win 2009 World Series
Take Your $21 Million and Smile
EBay: Dinner in your Home Prepared by Knicks' Charles Oakley
The 10 hottest auto racing WAGs
Singletary explains reasoning for dropping his pants during halftime locker room speech
Speedo-donning masked man posing as Captain Compete single-handedly rescues falling man and douses another engulfed in flames during USC football practice.  It's Will Ferrell, of course
Anna Kournikova Thrills Troops In Guam
Former sofa lifter now Steelers long snapper
Stoke City vs Arsenal Highlights
Tottenham vs Liverpool Highlights
Man Utd vs Hull City Highlights
Chelsea vs Sunderland Highlights
Chelsea vs Sunderland Live Streaming Football
Everton vs Fulham Live Streaming
Tottenham Hotspur vs Liverpool Live Streaming Football
Steve Nash's new line of Vitamin Water commercials is pretty dang funny
Sengoku 6 Results and Videos
Culpepper agrees to two-year deal with Lions
Feds helping out cities with tax subsidies for new stadiums
Kumble spins out in style
WEC reality show in the works
70 surgeries, amputated leg - Jim Otto paid big price for football glory 
Newcastle vs Aston Villa Highlights
Ten Absolutely Classic Sportscaster Gaffes
Sources: Vols coach Fulmer agrees to step down
Making The Case: the Florida Gators Are America's Best Team
Could Vick join the Raiders after release from prison?
French punter wins over $14m
Much like the wu tang clan
Summer is almost here Australia! 
NASCAR fan hit by stray bullet at Texas Motor Speedway... seriously...
Former Sports Illustrated Model going to Argentine prison for laundering cash
Wastin' Away Again in Tommy Tuberville [video]
Hansbrough makes preseason All-American team for 3rd straight year
Phillip Fulmer Resigns
Nuggets, Pistons swap Iverson for Billups, McDyess 
Obama, McCain on what to change in sports  
Liverpool vs Atletico Madrid Highlights
Culpepper agrees terms with Lions
Divisional Power Rankings: Election edition
The 10 Nextiest Next Michael Jordans 
Fulmer did what's best for Tennessee
Pro Elite For Sale at Auction, Everything Must Go!
Why relatively unknown Irina Shayk got Sports Illustrated  swimsuit cover
Pistons - Nuggets Trade: Iverson for Billups, McDyess, and Samb
One of the most amazing high school football plays.  (vid)
Steve Nash pushing Vitamin Water
ESPN - Agency for Cycling Ethics going out of business
Paolo Bettini in a six days crash.
Celtic vs Man Utd Highlights
Arsenal vs Fenerbahce Highlights
Obama's playoff promise fails to carry football-factory states
Greg Maddux adds to record with 18th Gold Glove  
Ryan Leaf: Pill-Popping Trouble In Ryan Leaf Land
Ryan Leaf: Can You Spare a Pill?
Hunting cam, perfect for hunting season
He’s about 165-yards from the pin, it’ll be, ohhhhhh, about an eight iron.
The Pittsburgh Sports Fan Phenomenon and Why We're Seemingly Everywhere 
TS Video Goodness: Brady Quinn, Cleveland’s New “Starter” 
NFL: Midseason Awards 
Jags' Peterson sent home again, Sunday status unclear
Black coaches need to pick the right jobs
Peter Crouch's WAG Abbey Clancy in lingerie
Jaguars' Jones fires back after Porter comments
Olympics 2016 Logos
NBA's Best Rivalries [ pics ]
Report: NHL's Rangers want pick after death of prospect
Allen Iverson pokes fun at himself - We talking about practice?
Number of black head football coaches at major colleges shrinks to four.
NFL Fines LaMarr Woodley for Sacking Jason Campbell in 'Intimidating Manner'
Fat football coach trivia
Salma Hayek Having Hard Time Collecting From David Beckham
David Cassell A Mars Hill College Legacy
Does the Pre-Fight Nipple Tweak Make You Invincible?
Arsenal vs Man Utd Highlights
Liverpool vs West Brom Highlights
Killer jersey
Obama Calls for College Football Playoff System
Strange things afoot in Leaf Nation
A catch like that would make Julio proud [pic]
Alabama clinches SEC West with OT win
Wisdom 
On a roll: Golfer records 5 holes-in-one in a week
The Celtics secret weapon: Their MVB
These are some pretty awesome basketball fights
Oscar De La Hoya and Manny Pacquiao Both Sing... Which Sucks Less?
Demi Kutcher and her son Ashton are fake Falcons fans
M's narrow manager list to seven
Bigger Hockey Players Causing More Concussions
St Louis Blues respond to the recession with a fan bailout plan
Cubs: Final bids due by Thanksgiving
Which hit is bigger...
Rangers' ploy to get pick for dead prospect is unconscionable. 
The Kurt Warner Tale: separating fact from fiction.
Arsenal vs Wigan Highlights
Cardinals more than just the best of bad NFC West - NFL 
Matt Holliday to join Oakland A's
Indians pitcher, broadcaster Herb Score dies
New evidence in English soccer corruption probe
Bowl destinations for Big Ten teams a guessing game
Nets Have FREE Tickets for Job Seekers
ESPN ups bid for BCS rights; BCS to become flawless by 2011 
New Stadium for Big D in Big Trouble
Blazers' Oden says he will return tonight vs. Heat
Fears over fire sale of Liverpool's top players
This man wants us to believe he's the toughest guy on the planet. Sadly, his name is Randy...
Lebron James takes off from the free throw line during a game!
The selling of John Daly.  All he cares about is marketing crap and himself.
A Video For Notre Dame Boosters (To Watch On LSD)
The Starting Lineup (action figures) Quiz 
Students at Illinois pay $5400 to continue on with the racism!
8 Ways to Become a Better Golfer
Leafs vs Oilers tonight! Check out a preview at superhockeygenius.blogspot.com!
Marlins trade Gregg to Cubs
CC Sabathia Could Get $25 Million A Year From The Yankees
Michael Phelps Book Signing Events
Bill Belichick look like a great coach.
10 MEMORABLE ALTERED LEGACIES (caplocks aren't really necessary and you can probably name 7 without looking)
Miami takes over 1st in ACC Coastal - College Football - Rivals.com
Columbus Crew clench spot in MLS Cup
NASCAR orders testing ban to save money
Bayern Munich going to India
Bergen Co. (NJ) Official Calls For Giants &amp; Jets to Pony Up PSL $ in Tough Economic Times
The 8 Worst Gifts for the Sports Fan In Your Life
Russian report mum on cause of NHL prospect's death
Jake Peavy Puts Yankees, Angels on the Table
Taking A Look At The New Yankee Stadium
John Lynch will retire on Monday in Tampa - NFL 
Ferrari president hits out at new technology in Formula One
RacingAutograph.com Launches Website
Arsenal vs Aston Villa Highlights
Bolton vs Liverpool Highlights
Brandon Roy's Buzzer Beater
Ex-Met Lenny Dykstra nailed in suit for balking on private jet bill
New UFC Champ Brock Lesnar Married To Sable
Novak Djokovic's focus on No. 1 after winning Masters Cup
Keenum throws for 6 TDs as Houston hangs 70 on #23 Tulsa 
Liverpool midfielder Steven Gerrard out of England&amp;rsquo;s friendly match with Germany
Northwestern hands Michigan most single-season losses (eight) in the storied program's 129-year history.
Promising teenage footballer dies in canoeing accident
Giants run through Ravens, move to 9-1
Three the easy way: NASCAR's Jimmie Johnson wraps up third straight crown 
Reminder: Todd Marinovich's life story is hilarious
Todd Marinovich was groomed from infancy to be a Superstar from Sports Illustrated in 1988.
Mavericks owner Mark Cuban charged with insider trading
Never thought the calculation was this complicated
Pittsburgh Steelers: Bad Call Costs Steelers Fans $32 Million
Video: De La Hoya / Pacquiao 24/7 - Episode 1
That’s right, the Yankees can’t be expected to control their fans. This is what happens when you get douche-on-douche crime.   It leads to douche-on-douche litigation.
The Origin of The Lambeau Leap
John Facenda - known by many NFL fans as The Voice of God.
Daredevil kayakers take plunge down Britain's tallest dam
Formula One boss Ecclestone wants to award gold medals to winners
The All-NFL Drug Bust Team 
NFL Leaders: Pass Dropped 
Affliction adds top names to 'Day of Reckoning' card in January
The Top 5 Fighters Who Could Challenge Brock Lesnar 
Rocky Marciano - Retired Undefeated
Ménage à trois in the North
Doug Christie's fuxxored marriage to a hyper-controlling wife.  She was his contractual NBA baggage.
Germany vs England Highlights
Greece vs Italy Highlights
Scotland vs Argentina Highlights
Sexy girls across New England showed up to Fenway Park to cheer on Dustin Pedroia winning MVP
Capello gives youth its chance
Hurling Brawl Gets Irishman a Two Year Ban!
College athletes studies guided toward 'major in eligibility'.
Seattle Mariners hire Don Wakamatsu - the first Asian-American manager in MLB history.
'Hoop Dreams' film players remain friends; lives have diverged 
Don't cry for Hayes just yet
LeBron becomes youngest player to record 11,000 points
Ben Swift: The Big Interview - Cycling Weekly
That Whole 'Football Players Molested by Two Women and a Naked Dude With a Knife' Trial in Chapel Hill Is Going Well
The case against a college football playoff
Source: Red Sox reach out to A.J. Burnett's agent
Hollinger's worst case scenario for the LA Clippers this year? 1-81.
Frustrated Loyola basketball coach takes a seat in the stands
16 Year Old Girl Drafted by Japanese Pro Baseball Team
Former olympic gymnast claims to have been beaten by then-coach Bela Karolyi
Dallas Cowboys Auction Begins
Source: Yankees RHP Mussina decides to retire
Donald Driver's Father beaten by Houston police
Terry gives England historic Berlin victory
Major League Baseball Is Not Fixing Its Arcane Blackout Policy Yet
BJ Penn Fan Goes On YouTube With A Message For Georges St Pierre
High school football coaches cashing in.  In Texas a few are making $100k plus.
THUNDERBOLT!
Church versus State.  Rivalry between BYU, Utah gains attention
 Revelations of blood doping at the Games in Los Angeles - 01.21.85 - SI Vault
The top 32 prospects for the 2009 NFL draft.
BCS Standings Week 6 (further evidence playoff system is needed immediately)
Columbus Crew take home MLS Cup
How to Play Offense in Basketball
Beer after sport 'is good for the body'
Maria Sharapova's December GQ Spain photoshoot and video
 Queen of the road: Nicole Cooke talks to Anna Kessel | Sport | The Observer 
Scott Pollard says F you
Matt Light vs Channing Crowder Fight
Formula One Boss Likely To Have World's Most Expensive Divorce
Xavier moves into rankings, UNC stays No. 1 
All charges against Barry Bonds should be dropped?
Judge Dismisses Three of 15 Counts Against Bsrry Bonds 
Canseco 'Sorry' documentary not fooling many people
Girl sues Indiana high schools to play baseball
Philly, Detroit, Dallas may court Cowher, too - Sports Rumors - NFL 
Daredevil Wearing Jet Pack Flies Over Canyon | Raw Video
Arsenal vs Dynamo Kiev Highlights
Raw Video | Michael Vick Arrives For Court Hear
Bate vs Real Madrid Highlights
Greg Jennings make an Amazing catch, gets clobbered but is able to hold on
Nate Robinson: When Will He Get What He Deserved - Just like Spud Webb Did?
So ... too early for a Giants vs. Jets Super Bowl preview?
VIDEO - Gina Carano: Her MMA future, the party photos and more 
Sorry Cubs Fans, No Dream Rotation: Jake Peavy No Longer a Possibility
GM Cutting Ties With Fred Couples Now Too ... He, Um, Wants to Spend More Time With His Family Too. Yes, That's It. Nothing to Do With the Economy
Base jumping world record (650 m) from the Burj Dubai
Last nights Football was boring, and the F1 boss is insane
Liverpool vs Marseille Highlights
Why do the Lions &amp; Cowboys always play on Thanksgiving? 
India win despite Pietersen ton
Browns' Quinn done for season with broken finger - NFL 
Lakers breeze to 12-1 with 120-93 romp over Nets despite Kobe scoring 12
Where Pro Team Ticket Prices Could Fall -   The days of jacking up ticket prices might be over.
ESPN - Report: Charlie Weis' buyout disputed; source calls it 'stupefying'
Ammann focuses on ski jump World Cup
Starbury and the Knicks Management - What Gives?
LeBron James Video: MVP To-Be Showcase
Fore! Woods' split with GM a warning for athlete endorsements 
Finally Maple Leafs, we can get this show on the road.  Burke Signs 6 year contract!
New genetic test asks which sport a child was born to play 
Bama shuts out Auburn, ending 6 year losing streak to its most bitter rival
How to lose a Rose Bowl in 700 yards or less -Oregon State's defense gives up 51 of the 65 points in a loss to rival Oregon.
Giants’ Burress Shoots Himself Accidentally in the Thigh
Brian Burke Scores Winner for Leafs!!! (funny)
Ocho Cinco shopped for Marvin Lewis on Black Friday
Buccaneers to 'host' Patriots in London next season
At least 2 bidders for Cubs in new round
Add Another Name to Zuffa's 'Banned' List
Ryan Clark Huge Hit on Wes Welker Video
Plaxico Burress, AKA Harris Smith, Claimed Incident Took Place at Applebee's
Giants teammate says Plaxico's laughing, joking and he's doing just fine.  (second blog entry)
ABC News: AP NewsBreak: Armstrong to Race in 2009 Tour
Kimbo Slice to K-1, Possibly to Fight Badr Hari in Kickboxing Bout 
Lance Armstrong To Race In 2009 Tour de France
LCD T.V. and Bar finally combined into one gadget.
New England Patriots Examiner: Patriots to play Buccaneers at Wembley Stadium in 2009 
Watch Carling Cup Live Stoke City vs Derby County Live on your PC Free
Segeln Thailand Bareboat Catamaran Tiki 30
RIP Red Murff
Burnley vs Arsenal Live Streaming Soccer
NY Mayor Bloomberg wants book thrown at Burress
Rosie Jones &amp; Sophie Howard's naked Christmas 
Ryan Leaf film to be shown for free in San Diego
Word of the day: Plaxident - noun, an act of stupidity that costs you $35 million 
Plaxico Burress May Have Been Carrying a Gun Because His Teammate Steve Smith Quietly Got Robbed by a Driver Last Week
The 100 hottest WAGs for 2009: 91-100 
Jon Stewart Reports That Sweatpants Do Not Make A Good Holster
Top 10 ways for the Knicks to resolve the Stephon Marbury situation
Cubs' Catcher Henry Blanco's Brother Is Killed in an Attempted Kidnapping
Charlie Weis Will Keep Waddling the Notre Dame Sidelines in 2009 -- Irish Don't Fire the Big Man
Welcome to the SEC, cheater. Signed, Ol' Ball Coach. - Dr. Saturday - NCAA Football
All right, I'll say it. Three and a half years seems excessive. - Shutdown ... - NFL 
Braves Trade Prospects Lillibridge and Reyes for Javier Vazquez
Google Trends - Packers WR Greg Jennings vs. Boobs.... WTF
ipernity: Marathon de Paris 2008: 675 participants doped
Football's BCS strikes again
Scotland In Talks Over Joint Euro 2016 Bid
2009 UEFA Under-21 Championship group stage draw
Evolution of Sports - I give you Speed Flying/Riding (vid)
Jimmy V week starts today and ends December 9th
Wayman Tisdale's biggest rebound comes after loss of leg to cancer
Lance Armstrong exclusive interview - Cycling Weekly
Klaas-Jan Huntelaar Will Join Real Madrid in January
Strikeforce's 10 Greatest Knockouts
Texas Tech AD says school negotiating with Leach
FA Won't Punish Liverpool For Wearing Free Michael Now T-Shirts
Alonso in Quit Threat Over Rules 
Scotland in Talks Over Joint Euro 2016 Bid 
Federer Cuts Clay-Court Schedule in 2009
So Long, Tuberville. As an LSU fan, I'm Serious When I Say, It's Been Real
In honor of the great Jim Valvano.
Vikings' Williamses Drug Charges Get Blocked By Minnesota Judge
Notre Dame Fighting Irish to keep Charlie Weis as coach for fifth season
The magic of Scott Boras: 10 of the agent's most notorious deals \
Plaxico Burress Arrested | Bloomberg Slams Burress | Video
Sean Avery's Infamous Sloppy Second Interview
Updated Rivals.com bowl projections
Ohio State vs. Michigan 2008 Football Highlights
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Candidates to replace Trever Miller for the Rays
Pierce Under Microscope on Plaxico Shooting
Those of us interested in justice will just have to root like hell for Missouri to beat Oklahoma.
College Football: At Alabama, Saban has did it, the U.R.S: Undefeated Regular Season
End of an era: Tommy Tuberville steps down
If Boise State joined the Mountain West (and booted Wyoming), would the MWC be a better football conference than the Pac 10?
A Hall of Fame Manifesto
Small plane flies over Texas campus with banner reading, Mack Brown Quit Your Whining U Knew The Rules.
Perfect_Season.jpg 
The 25 Best Rickey Henderson Stories Of All Time
FOX Sports' sexual innuendo poll about Sean Avery (the NHL player with the sloppy seconds comment)
Did Avery breach his Stars contract?
Football- Have you ever felt that you could define the personality of a team better than anyone else? This is your chance. Help us name the UFL's six inaugural teams.
I would do Layla Kiffin dot com  Tennessee fans are classin' it up.
Former NBA Star Rodney Rogers Paralyzed
Who Will Be the Next Manager of Oxford United?
Honda Leaving F1
Federer adds his name to those with a fortune
Worst Dive in Sports History. The ref should be suspended for falling for this.
Rest in peace Formula 1. 
Should President Bush Pardon Barry Bonds and Roger Clemens?
Possible World Record Bass hooked on El Salto Lake - Video of the fish
 Plaxico Burress Saga Turning Into Awful Russian Novel
Stars' Avery suspended 6 games by NHL
Shannon: Seeing black coach number fall to 3 'sad' - College Football 
Danica Patrick most searched for athlete on Google in 2008
City Hall struck deal with Yankees in exchange for suite
The Beijing Olympics Turned Out to be the Dirty Sexy Olympics
Big 12 South Will Be Decided By Aerial Insult, Perhaps?
Rutgers' runningback tackled via his dreadlocks....OWWW [VID]
Army cadets take trash-talking to new heights
Tennessee Titans Up for auction on eBay
Kevin Garnett makes Glen Big Baby Davis cry during the Celtics vs. Trail Blazers game
Raiders' 'face' gets talking-to on NFL Network snub
How to pick out your first used, dirt track car
Shaq on Twitter
Nolan Ryan: Baseball 'turned its back' on steroid problem 
Federal judge blocks NFL suspensions of five players
Top 10 Clutch NBA Players that Make It to the All-NBA First Team in Value for Money
Pacquiao TKOs De La Hoya. De La Hoya was taken to the hospital following the fight for evaluation.
Sarkisian to be football coach at Washington - College Football - Rivals.com
Cardinals beat Rams 34-10, clinch NFC West - NFL 
Vikings keep Lions winless with 20-16 victory - NFL
College football bowl matchups
New York Knicks most valuable NBA team again
Wie clinches 2009 LPGA Tour place
ESPN - 2008-09 Bowl schedule 
Miami Hurricanes assistant saves driver from smoking car
Gator assistants in talks for head coach openings
A Brief History of Stadium Naming Rights
Ruben Rivera - Worst Baserunning in the history of the game
Only an idiot couldn't forsee hot Celtics start
The biggest hits and top defensive plays from week 14 of NFL action from Darnell Dockett's fumble recovery to DeShea Townsend's game winning Interception
BCS Realpolitik: The shoutin' edition 
Perhaps the toughest man in hockey. My mother was watching the game on TV, and I didn't want her to see me die.
Frank Beamer get punched in the face by his own Cory Holt, the Hookies' third-string QB
Derrick Rose misses practice due to injury -- from rolling onto a knife while cutting and eating an apple in bed.  Seriously.
Frustrated Lion Raiola doesn't regret gesture toward Lions fans
The Trouble with Today's College Football: What happened to old-fashioned gridiron warfare? 
More boom or recession for baseball? - Los Angeles Times
Antonio Bryant's One-Handed MNF TD Catch
PSV Eindhoven vs Liverpool Highlights
Werder Bremen vs Inter Milan Highlights
Barcelona vs Shakhtar Highlights
Chelsea vs CFR Highlights
The bowl game guide for the casual college football fan
Harrell now thinks Leach likely to stay at Texas Tech 
Is Soccer Gay?
Mark Cuban bobblehead doll - with real life screaming at refs action!!
There are some strings for the CC deadl
Wizards get 2 guards in trade
NFL showcases the future: games in 3-D!
Lebron James’ SEVEN Dunks On The Toronto Raptors
The Plague of Christmas Sweaters Strikes Us All, Including Graham Harrell (Allegedly)
Patrick Willis destroys a fool-2nd Angle, who haooens to be Brad Smith
Get ready to scream at K-Rod, Mets fans; he's your closer now - Big League ... - MLB - Yahoo! Sports
Portis Rips Zorn (Updated) - Redskins Insider
 EVERY BOWL GAME IN TEN WORDS
FARK is clever: Lionel Richie faces off against vaunted Glenn Frey/Don Henley defense line in Music City Bowl
Top 10 Bikes from the 2008 Cycle World International Motorcycle Show 
Jeff Garcia likes to date hot QBs?
Arena League Shuts Down For 2009
Tv Tan Line: Mosaic: College Gameday 2008
Flamengo fans outraged by Ronaldo's choice to train with rival team
Nats Make 150 Million Dollar Offer to Mark Teixeira. The Fucking Nationals?
One reason I'm looking forward to Sabathia pitching for the Yankees: He's a great guy. Yeah, it matters to me as a fan.
T.O. on Keyshawn, Emmitt: 'Those Two Need Their Own Show - Dumb and Dumber'
Hawaii launch Twenty20 competition
Notable Sportsmen of the Year
John Daly completely loses it at the Australian Open - smashes fans camera
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Rays trade Jackson to Tigers for Joyce on day three of meetings
Cujo's kindness on display
Happy Thursday Hockey Odds
Jerry Jones Probably Thinking About Signing Michael Vick
International Bowl - MAC ready to attack again
David Stern on the NBA in Vancouver: Great city, and we disappointed them, and we disappointed ourselves.
Top 10: Bizarre out-of-competition injuries
Video - Corey Hill Breaks Leg
Top U.S. Cycling Teams Hire Same Testing Company as Armstrong - NYTimes.com
2008 college football underachievers
Extreme DUI? Well you did drive on the wrong side of the road.
Ohio State's N. Williams faces shoplifting charge - College Football 
Texas QB McCoy wins Walter Camp awared 
Lawmaker proposing bill to end BCS system - College Football
Like father, like son: Check out Barry Sanders Jr.'s football moves
Tim Tebow, circumcision expert 
Eli Manning Pranks - Super Bowl Economic Outlook - Female Fantasy Football Leagues - Esquire
Freak snowblower accident to sideline Sakic three months - The Denver Post
Catcher Ducks, Umpire Gets Hit With Pitch
Clicky Awards: Bizarre Stories of the Year - Extra Mustard - SI.com
Champion Hamilton against F1 on the cheap
 Assessing the post-CC Sabathia free-agent market
Cycle Computers 'could Lead To Underperformance' - BikeRadar
How Argentina plans to stop its players from cheating
Stewart Mandel: My toughest Heisman vote ever
NBA: Why Toronto is not Cleveland
The Dunce Cap: Highlighting the shortcomings of America's student-athletes
Nike Zoom Kobe 4 (IV) - 2009 NBA All-Star Game Edition
Yao Ming Among NBA All-Star Vote Leaders
Top NHL Rookies To Date - TSN.ca Rankings
ProFootballTalk.com - OWNER OF “0and16.com” SPEAKS
Red Sox change up road uniforms with head nod to the '80s w/pics
Drunkathlete.com : For the moments in between games
The big game in Spain FC Barcelona vs Real Madrid
Notre Dame Fighting Irish coach Charlie Weis needs surgery to right knee, then left
Oklahoma City Still Supporting Struggling Thunder
Channel 91 sports [theScore - funny]
Water Temperature Guide for Wetsuits...If You're a Surfer/Scuba Diver You'll Appreciate This
Klitschko beats Rahman to retain heavyweight title
Patriots-Raiders Preview: Patriots hoping to avoid letdown against historically bad Oakland Raiders 
Built up for years, Garnett now being torn down 
Turner carries Falcons past rival Buccaneers in overtime
Sam Bradford to explore if he's '09 NFL draft material
Little 500 -The bike race in Breaking Away still is run every spring. 
BBC SPORT | Test Match Special Blog
FA Carlsberg Trophy 2nd Round Draw
Ravens vs Cowboys betting - both teams battling for Wild Card berths 
Kings fire coach Reggie Theus - NBA 
Running up the score.  In college football it's a way to erase embarrassing losses.  Ask Stoops and Meyer.
Jim Boeheim Hates Mics
Braves to Bring Back Rafael Furcal
Tendulkar offers Mumbai tribute
Florida vs. Oklahoma: AccuScore forecast
Panthers vs Giants betting – battle for NFC's No. 1 seed 
You can can a coach, but players make a team
And the winner of the Sundin Sweepstakes is...
South St. Paul Examiner: Tubing is a blast at Afton Alps
DeMarco Murray Out For the National Championship Game
North America or bust for top Russian player
Pro Bowl Announcements
Tony Gonzalez, fans react to Peterson's leaving
Cleveland State Drink's Syracuse's Milkshake
Packers vs Bears betting - Green Bay tries to play spoiler in Chicago
What will Mats' legacy be?
Bears Need Win; Packers Need Help
It's all about Carter, until Harris takes over
It's Been A Memorable Year In The NHL...Or Has It?
Cherry's comments wear thin
NBA - Big men dominate Thursday basketball betting
Biggest Pro Bowl Snubs - Photos - SI.com
Sundin's year of career indecision
Eric Gordon says drug use was problem for Hoosiers
Alex Smith willing to take pay cut to stay with 49ers
The EPL Is Welcoming A Bid From ESPN
Enduring Dixie: College Football Toda
German footballer in trouble for samurai sword attack
Has your team ever been under oppresion and total domination from it's archnemesis for a long looong time? Yesterday mine finally won! EUPHORIA!!!
Mixed martial arts fighter, wife found dead
Tiger Woods Says He'll Be Back Stronger Than Ever
Preview: Silva/Rampage III on tap for UFC 92
Sammy Baugh Dead at 94
Project Rainbow Jersey - Cycling Weekly
Whitlock vs. Sir Charles
What Your Favorite Teams Were Almost Called 
Braves' former GM Schuerholz livid with Furcal's sports agent over deal gone sour.
Rooney scores twice as United win thriller
Pregnant Davenport to miss Australia Open
Costa appointed Spanish Davis Cup captain
Jojo Dan boxing today with Miguel Casillas for the WBC Intercontinental title
Chris Paul Breaks NBA Steals Record
NCAA Basketball Betting - Huskies, Bulldogs head busy weekend 
Steep and Cheap - like Woot, but for outdoor gear (and more than 1 deal per day!), and a minimum of 50% off
Will C.C. Sabathia wear the most pinstripes ever?
DYKSTRA DROPS THE BALL - New York Post
Terrell Owens has some apologizing to do
What the F is going on with the Pistons?
Emerald Bowl Odds Are A Girl's Best Friend
A goodbye letter to Mats
How do you say Dave Winfield in Spanish?   Soccer kick kills pigeon during Argentina game
Derek Jeter settling down with Minka Kelly?  First step is a house in LA
St. Petersburg Bowl: Memphis vs. South Florida
Iowa State Cyclones hired Auburn defensive coordinator Paul Rhoads as its football coach.
Hawaii resolves contract dispute with June Jones
The year's events in pictures
Stay out of Florida Kobe. Lakers lose back to back games to Heat &amp; Magic
A not-so-simple par served as catalyst for Tiger's historic 2008 season.
Tom Coughlin torches Tiki Barber in refusing interview with his former player.
Valuev ends Holyfield title dream
StreamingCalcio: De Graafschaf vs. Ajax
Arsenal vs Liverpool Live Streaming Soccer
Streaming Calcio: Milan - Udinese
Browns' Lewis cracks 10,000 career yards - NFL -
Cleveland, you have not filled Braylon Edwards with holiday joy - 
Not only are the Lions 0-15, Ford just renewed the contracts of two guys who have their fingerprints all over this mess
AP source: Eastern Michigan hires Ron English.  
Broncos can't close out division, fall to Bills 
Angels withdraw offer to Teixeira 
Giants win NFC's top seed with win over Panthers 
Holyfield fails in bid for 5th world crown
Socceroo has his testicles removed
Ump Tackles Kenneth Derby
Indianapolis Colts stadium demolished [Vid]
Strapped Super Bowl Winners Dump Championship Rings
Cowboys vs Eagles betting - NFC playoff picture still not set
Streaming Calcio: Maccabi Haifa vs. Beitar Jerusalem
Basketball: Cast Your Ballot For The Allstar Game
LeBron says he'll consider re-signing in summer
Top 10 fantasy football championship week goats
NY Jets DE, Shaun Ellis, Hurls Giant Snowball at Seahawks Fans [Video]
Diarra - I could not turn down Real Madrid
On-loan Beckham geared up for Italian job
PIerre Bordry, head of AFLD (french anti-doping agency) interview - L'EQUIPE.FR
Streaming Sport: Freccette; Darts
England dig deep and avoid defeat in Mohali - but India clinch series victory
Snowy Citi Field, Disappearing Shea Stadium [pics]
Todd Kobus blindsides Junior Seau
Immmmmmmmmmmmpaaaaacto Deeeeeeporrrrrrtivo Doesn't Give a Fuck About Brian Cashman, Confirms Manny Ramirez to Yankees Rumor
Yanks offer 1923 prices for exhibitions
VIDEO - Santa Claus Appears at Mike Tomlin's Press Conference, Stomps on Photo of LenDale White
Dallas Cowboys Fans Bid On Texas Stadium Farewell Game Mementos
Las Vegas likes the Patriots to win the AFC East, play Ravens in first round of the playoffs 
Brian McNamee preserves right to sue Roger Clemens for defamation
Broken bat.  Nifty picture.
Weapons, ammo seized at Plaxico Burress' NJ home
Tomlin annoyed by fake Santa
Plaxico Burress Will Probably Be Asking for New Guns This Christmas
Real Madrid bid for Jermaine Pennant 
Plaxico Burress’s Home Is Searched, Two Guns Seized 
With Crosby disregard, NHL obviously endorses genital walloping 
Weapons, ammo, pants seized at Plaxico Burress' NJ home
NFL Week 17 Preview: 4 Division Titles, 5 Playoff Spots To Be Decided On Sunday | Bleacher Report
New England Patriots Examiner: Playoff Prediction: The Patriots will be the first 11-5 team to miss the playoffs in 22 years
Whittingham's Ute movement - College Football  
Cowher-mania running wild in Cleveland - Sports Rumors - NFL 
American Football MMORPG
Meet the new Tampa Bay Ray: Joe Nelson
Randy Johnson, Giants agree to 1-year deal - MLB - Yahoo! Sports
Celtics drop consecutive games for first time -
Orlando Pummels Hornets On Christmas Day
World's first day-night Test Cricket Match needs a new cricket ball design
Antonio Rodrigo Nogueira vs Frank Mir (I Didn't see that coming)
Quinton Rampage Jackson TKOs Wanderlei Silva At UFC 92
UFC 92 Results | Forrest Griffin vs Rashad Evans Video
0-16 
Going 16-0 is tough, but 0-16 is even tougher - NFL
Brady denies Marriage to Giselle Bundchen
Patriots blow past Bills, cling to postseason hopes
Report: New England Patriots' Tom Brady behind in recovery from surgery.  Could miss all next year.
Eagles Beat Cowboys 44-6.  Eagles Make Playoffs
0-16 Detroit Lions Make NFL History: Worst Season Ever
MMA fighter Eilers found dead -  Mom's boyfriend questioned.
12 Teams make the playoffs. A team going 11-5 tied for 6th best record in the league doesn't make the playoffs while lessor teams do.
New England Patriots Examiner: Patriots win 11th game of the season, but miss the playoffs
The worst matchup in NBA history.
Preseason was a poor barometer | The Lions went 4-0 in the exhibition season
Look who won the PreSeason!!!!!    Lithium Oxygen Nitrogen.
New England Patriots Examiner: NBCSports.com Report: Tom Brady may miss 2009 season
Chargers, First Team to Make Playoffs After Starting 4-8
Eagles Owner High-Fives Some Chick's Face (video)
The Deadweight Loss of Brett Favre
Time lapse of the Winter Classic rink being built 
ESPN Page 2 - Sublime meets ridiculous in holiday mailbag
Drugs in Sports - who, what, where, when, why and why not.  New ProCon.org website says it is the largest online debate over performance-enhancing drugs in sports.
Monte Kiffin's Farewell To Tampa
N.F.L. Fast Forward - Winning Votes of Confidence, but Not Much Else 
Did Eric Mangini deserve to be fired from the New York Jets? | NFL News, NFL Picks and NFL Power Rankings from Discount Football Merchandise
New England Patriots Examiner: Boston Globe: NBCSports.com report on Brady incorrect, rehab still on schedule
New England Patriots Examiner: Cleveland Browns get permission to talk to Scott Pioli, interested in Josh McDaniels
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Rays New Year's resolutions: nine for '09
Sports Blog: The Relentless Army
Top 12 sports thieves of 2008 
Miami QB Robert Marve decides to transfer - College Football.
Rose Bowl might be Sanchez's final game at USC 
Trust a lawyer to have come up with this trick play.  
Pepsi and Beckham End Partnership After 10 Years, as Beckham's Marketability Fades
Inside the Playbook: 2009 NFL Playoffs
Arizona gets another blackout deadline extension
New England Patriots Examiner: Kansas City Chiefs interested in Scott Pioli, Denver Broncos interested in Josh McDaniels
Ohio State's Chris Beanie Wells undecided on NFL
Capitalism and sport: Sports for a few
UN wants Pacquiao to champion kids rights
ICC unveils Cricket Hall of Fame
Premiership transfer plans
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Rays 2009 player preview: James Shields
Peyton Manning and Philip Rivers are playing so well, it is easy to forget they could not plant their feet last spring.
Tavares Making World Juniors a Tournament to Remember
Shaq Moves To 8th Spot For All Time Points Scored
Peyton Manning voted AP's NFL MVP 
Vikings Can't Even Sell Out Playoff Game. NFL gives one final extension to sell playoff TV Blackout
New England Patriots Examiner: Report: Patriots will use franchise tag on Matt Cassel
YouTube - Wrestling with tradition
Block on Marve transfer out of bounds - College Football
Streaming Calcio: Hearts vs. Hibernian
Streaming Tennis: Nadal - Murray
Collector Finds Unique Babe Ruth Signature Card
The Pac-10 goes 5 - 0 in their bowl games, still think they're a cupcake conference?
New England Patriots Examiner: Eric Mangini the surprise favorite in Cleveland, Browns no longer interested in Pioli, McDaniels
Meyer proud of former team after Utah's big win, enough to share title?
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Rays 2009 player preview: Carl Crawford
Beer, Rugby, Costumes. What more do you need?
Huge AHL Hockey Fight - John Mirasty vs. Jeremy Yablonski
A bikini moment with tennis star Ana Ivanovic 
Explosive escape for drag-racer - video
New England Patriots Examiner: Wild Card Sunday: How did the former New England Patriots do?
2009: the year of the puck
Snow on New Yankee Stadium [pics]
 Rebecca Romero: The pursuit of happiness - Times Online 
This is a penalty &gt;&gt;
New England Patriots Examiner: Kansas City Chiefs interview Scott Pioli for vacant GM position
Cardinals again playing underdog
Mondesishouse.com: COPE / HOPE PHOTOSHOPS: THE FINALS
The diseases of the golfer - a helpful guide
Andy Pettitte rejects Yankee offer, but could still return
Amazing Video of Insanely Cool Base Jumping
Mark Cuban Speaks up about Cubs Deal
Billionaire's playthings
Henrik Zetterberg and Jared Leto:  Twins separated at birth?
Steelers’ Harrison Changed His Fortunes by Changing His Thinking
ESPN Radio wants emails on Announcers. Let your Joe Morgan Angst Fly! Mikeandmike@espnradio.com
Seeing TDs in 3-D - Fox to broadcast BCS championship in three-D
Arkansas beats No. 4 Oklahoma, No. 7 Texas in same week
Who's the next Steve Nash?
Soccer player reports robbery to police before realising his house is just untidy
Tonya Harding to participate in MMA Extreme Cage Fight
BC makes good on threat, fires coach for interviewing with Jets
Will Floyd Mayweather come out of retirement to face Manny Pacquiao?
Dallas Cowboys release cornerback Adam Pacman Jones
Video: Jarkko Ruutu bites Sabres' Peters, doesn't get penalized 
Quarterback Choke Slammed
The Disrespect Card: How every team left in the playoffs has been callously disrespected by everyone and their mothers
Kobe Bryant Attempts Massive Stunt Video - 2009 People's Choice Awards Nominee
Inter On Napoli’s Back For Hamsik
Final 3 bidders for Chicago Cubs revealed
Luciano Moggi Sentenced To 18 Months In Jail
Fresno collectors uncover rare 1869 baseball card 
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Rays 2009 player preview: B.J. Upton
Gators Win BCS Title
60 seconds with Jan Ullrich - Yahoo! Eurosport UK 
A-Rod Cuts Mansion's Price
Driver takes fast track to Formula One
The Real Shame of the BCS 
Ballsy fan disrupts NBA game with whistle from the sidelines.
The juicy Darius Miles Salary Dilemma
Sadler's threat to sue works, will return to No. 19 with GEM in 2009
Kobe Throws A Dirty Towel At Some Lady's Face (VIDEO)
Edgerrin James has plenty left in the tank
Arsenal Vs Bolton Wanderers Live Streaming Football
Streaming Calcio: Diretta Gol Serie B
Streaming Calcio: Genoa - Torino FC
Washington is becoming your capital for jersey fouls 
Grizzlies re-sign Miles to 10-day contract - NBA .  This could clog up space for free agent signings for next year in Portland.
Cavs owner upset with Blazers' threat - NBA 
Streaming Calcio: Inter - Cagliari
Cardinals stun Panthers 33-13, 1 win from first SB - NFL 
The turning point when the Heisman became a joke of an award.  Not giving it to this guy.
 How To Play Forward Like LeBron James
Streaming Calcio: Tutta le Serie A
Manchester United vs Chelsea Live Streaming Football
Streaming Calcio: Manchester United - Chelsea FC
Streaming Calcio: RCD Mallorca - Real Madrid
NBA's 'minor league' has made major strides 
Brendan Shanahan agrees to return to Devils - NHL 
College Football - Which head-coaching hire is most impressive?
Meyer winningest coach in men's college basketball, overtaking Happy Knight
Best Sports Blog - The 2008 Weblog Awards  KSK-FTW
Prom Dress Rugby at UCLA
Streaming Calcio: Osasuna - FC Barcelona
Clash brings back bad memories for Tomjanovich
Streaming Calcio: AS Roma - AC Milan
QB Tim Tebow to bypass draft, remain at Florida - ESPN
Incredible: Cardinals host NFC championship
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Rays 2009 player preview: Jason Bartlett
Mondays With Bob Greene: I am one of the top guys
Offensive expert Josh McDaniels as new Broncos coach? WTF?
Michael Young Demands a Trade From the Rangers -- Should Work Out for the 30 Year Old Shortstop on the Offensive Decline
Streaming: FIFA World Player Gala
How will golf fare in the credit crunch?
Who Will Take the Free Kick in Milan?
AFC Championship – Is third time the charm for Baltimore?
Bill Burr Rips Philly Fans (from 2006)
The greatest tackle football has ever seen, 5 minutes 43 seconds in, football purists will enjoy
Colts coach Tony Dungy retires - NFL 
Grand jury looking at Clemens case - MLB
Police: Cowboys LB Spencer arrested after scuffle - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Dungy's legacy marked by depth of personality - NFL 
New Ferrari breaks cover
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Meet the new Tampa Bay Ray: Gabe Kapler
Knicks' Curry Facing Fmr Driver's Sex Suit
Rickey races into Hall, Rice finally slugs way in
SI's greatest QBs of all time
Erin Andrews: Erin Andrews Has A Sister Who Also Will Not Date You
F1 News &gt; Silverstone lands MotoGP
Eleven Arrested Over Anti-Gay Chants Against Football Player
Streaming Calcio: Inter - Genoa
McGwire Denied Hall of Fame Entry
At what point do you blame the coach for too little postseason success?
Streaming Calcio: AS Roma - Sampdoria
Should running up the score in school sports be an issue?
Streaming Calcio: Juventus - Catania
New York Mets may not clear Johan Santana to pitch in WBC 
Turmoil in Rotterdam: Feyenoord coach Verbeek fired
High-flying receiver keeps low profile
New England Patriots Examiner: The best draft picks of the Scott Pioli era
Pioli won't say whether Edwards is out 
UGAs Reshad Jones may NFL-jump today, but is it a wise move for the redshirt sophomore?
Khan to face ring legend Barrera
NHL coach on coaching against the team that recently fired him - The politically correct thing... is that it's just like any other game. But it's absolutely not.  It's absolutely personal
Harvin headed to NFL, Spikes returning
YouTube Helps Martyn Lancaster Secure a Contract with Queen of the South
Titans' Schwartz to coach Lions 
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Rays 2009 player preview: Scott Kazmir
South St. Paul Examiner: The Minnesota Twins invite pitching help
Dennis to step down as McLaren F1 head 
Sports clips: Avoid the small talk and watch sports while getting your haircut. My dream come true.
Brazilian soccer clubs won't use Viagra to enhance play
Funny: Straight Cash Homey Dot Net
WInter Surfers on Lake Superior
Will Dungy fill the empty Bucs headcoaching in a retirement lite move back home in Tampa? 
Cowboys fire defensive coordinator Brian Stewart 
Arizona's Boldin says he's likely to play Sunday 
Lakers star Bryant to write blog for Chinese web site
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Welcome to Charlotte County, Rays fans
Chelsea vs Stoke City Live Streaming Soccer | English Premie
Streaming Calcio: Serie B Diretta Gol week 21
Calcio: Chelsea - Stoke City
Live stream with Raheem Morris and Mark Dominic, new head coach and general manager for Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
The Basics of the Zone-Read Play
Défago wins Lauberhorn downhill
Federer perks up down under
Defoe Returns to Portsmouth With a Goal Against His Former Club
Fed Express in no rush to beat record 
Morris: Gruden took the fall for everyone in Tampa 
Miles separated Blazers GM from greatness - Jail Blazers made a comeback this season.
No. 1 Pittsburgh falls to No. 20 Louisville 69-63 
Rams hire Giants' Spagnuolo as coach 
New England Patriots Examiner: The Arizona Cardinals are going to the Super Bowl?!?!
Fan comes onto court during Providence vs Marquette game
Luckless Leyton Orient Parts Ways With Martin Ling
South St. Paul Examiner: Minnesota blasted by Northwestern
Today’s Super Bowl News Roundup
Oilers honour Glenn Anderson with win
Asante Samuel and Correll Buckhalter are not sore losers
Top 10 Super Bowl stories I'd like to see
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Rays 2009 player preview: J.P. Howell
Even if freestyle walking sounds retarded, this guy is pretty awesome. VIDEO
Say hello to your new 2009 USC Song Girls
Set to retire? Feeling old and think your life is winding down? Think it's too late of find the athlete in you? Hell no! You better read this...
The World’s 10 Most Valuable Sports Teams
Champion aerobatic pilot Tom Moon killed in crash
Top earning golfers of 2008
Kendrick Perkins:  mmmmm... oranges
Obama can play basketball too
UGA Gym Dogs defeat Utah; Lady Net Dogs come away 30-0; woes continue for the Georgia Hoop Dogs
Boldin brushes off jawing with Haley in 4th quarter
U.S. unveils 43-man provisional roster for WBC
Maria Kirilenko pics from the Australian Open 
Nba: Dwyane Wade, STD's, Child Support And You
Abu Ogogo Looks to Extend His Stay at Barnet
Andrei Arlovski to Earn Over $1 Million for Day of Reckoning
A baseball blogger who knows his stuff
New England Patriots Examiner: Patriots draft prospects: D.J. Moore, CB, Vanderbilt
Super Bowl XLIII: Pittsburgh Steelers vs Arizona Cardinals. (Official NFL site)
A rock just hit the planet and i fear for my dinosaur brethren...
Rex Ryan could bring Ravens Ray Lewis to Jets defense 
Does Europe really have a bigger hooligan problem than America?
South St. Paul Examiner: Minnesota Gophers await the Purdue Boilermakers
Tony Romo's practice habits were horrible
Radomski: I believe McNamee, not Clemens
Larry Fitzgerald Sr.'s toughest assignment yet
Alonso denies rumors on a move to Ferrari
No feeling in one side? No problem!  I'mma climb Everest anyway.
The Ugly Parent Syndrome
Bush and Obama at the World Bowl
Alex Revell Out for the Season - Southend United's Injury Problems Worsen
NFL 2-minute Trivia [Game]
Three cheers for Eduardo
Tribune Co. picks favorite in Chicago Cubs bidding
Shea Stadium Dismantlement - 1/22/09
South St. Paul Examiner: Minnesota Gophers in the mix for the Big Ten title
The Hall of Fame Unemployment Line 
Cowboys offer training camp roster spot to winner of Spike TV reality show
Playing Madden just might make you a smarter NFL fan
Diamondbacks mascot fired for DUI
Penguins sign youngster with cystic fibrosis for the day
Venus won't be rising at Australian Open 
The Other Cuban Supports Michael Vick
No Crosby? The NHL’s All-Star Opportunity
Dallas Cowboys' Romo Vows to Be a Better Leader
Mark McGwire's brother is trying to hawk a book about his steroid/HGH abuse.
Ricketts picked as winning Cubs bidder - $900M
Milan boosted by Kaka saga, says Ancelotti
A Brief History of the X Games
Lorenzo Fertitta, the billionaire majority owner of the UFC, rarely grants interviews, but he agreed to sit down with David Samuels for his story for The Atlantic
Manny Pacquiao finally agrees to fight Ricky Hatton
It wasn't performance-enhancing drugs it was flaxseed oil
Chris Paul, the All Star Game and David Stern's master plan
Streaming Calcio: US Triestina - AS Bari
Violent Clashes Mar Aussie Open Match -- Serbs, Bosnians At It At the Tennis Courts...
Datsyuk and Lidstrom to miss 1 game for skipping All Star Weekend
Weymouth vs Northwich Live soccer TV link free on 24.01.09
Blackpool vs Birmingham live soccer TV link free on 24.01.09
Streaming Calcio: Reggina - Chievo
'Sugar' Shane Mosley Defeats Antonio Margarito In 9 Rounds
Watch FA cup Cardiff City v Arsen live soccer TV link free 25 January
StreamingCalcio: Serie A tutte le paprtite
Knocked The F Out Vitor Belfort vs. Matt Lindland From last night
Son, 3, of Knicks center Eddy Curry witnesses murders of mom, baby-sister in Chicago
Larry Fitzgerald had a brother, Marcus, who played for Marshall.
Joe Torre book reveals bitter rift with New York Yankees 
Ex-Chicago Bulls player's ex-girlfriend killed - NBA
For two sets it looked as if Roger Federer’s run at a record 14th Grand Slam title was going to be derailed by Tomas Berdych at the Australian Open.
Iginla: Fighting in NHL necessary
Mike Tomlin
Ken Whisenhunt  
Streaming Calcio: Inter - Sampdoria
NBA live basketball Houston Rockets vs Detroit Pistons free link TV January 25
Beckham Scores His First Goal for AC Milan
Miwaukee Buck Star Out for Season, MRI reveals ACL, MCL tears
Magic Interviews Phil Jackson -- Full Interview
Pat Perez Claims Bob Hope Trophy
New England Patriots Examiner: Patriots in the media: Bill Belichick doing Super Bowl pregame, Rodney Harrison on NFL Network
It is going to be hot at the Australian open this week
Watch Ancona vs Treviso live soccer today TV link free 26th January
Watch Bolivia U20 vs Paraguay U20 live soccer today free link TV 26th January
Watch Pistoiese vs Paganese live soccer Serie C match today 26-01-09
Watch Inverurie vs Motherwell live soccer match TV link free 26th January
Mondays With Bob Greene: This is unbelievable, to be in the quarterfinals of a Grand Slam
The Insider’s View of What Went Wrong in the Bronx. Torre's Memoir
Good time had by all, but the party's over
Top ten Funniest Superbowl Commercials
3 Baltimore Ravens Free Agents To Offer Home-Town Discount?
Boston Celtics Examiner: Stephon Marbury just blew it with Boston
Slate Magazine - Razing Arizona: The Cardinals' presence in the Super Bowl is fluky and disgraceful
Arena Football League players cry foul at owners, try to survive shutdown
 Fire Up the Victory Parade!
Owens says Romo 'is my boy'
Five small time college basketball players playing big time basketball
Pat White is the reason why Tim Tebow is staying in school.
Barbaro's little brother is about to make his debut.
Watch NBA live basketball Trail Blazers vs Clippers free link TV 26 January
2009 NHL All Star Game - 1st Period Highlights
 ADIDAS PREDATOR ABSOLUTE DB vs NIKE LASER II FREE KICK TEST 
New England Patriots Examiner: Economic downturn means layoffs everywhere, the NFL is no exception—but shouldn't it be?
Welcome to the Recession Bowl
Obama reaches out to Muslim world
Streaming Calcio: US Sassuolo - Brescia
Andy Pettitte Accepts a Pay Cut to Return to the Yankees
Planning a Healthy Super Bowl Party
Super Bowl betting grid odds
Mike Tomlin Has Ken Whisenhunt's Job
Terrell Owens Scores VH1 Reality Show
Who is going to win the Super Bowl?
John Sitton - Football Manager
Houston, we have a problem
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Rays, Red Sox, Yankees - the three approaches to winning the AL East - part II
Former Atlanta Brave John Rocker Uses Anti-gay &amp; Anti-Semitic Slurs
Hulu to shock the world with Super Bowl ad
Girls BB Coach Fired After Winning 100-0
High School Buzzer Beater Tip In
New NFL goal: A longer life  The average NFL player plays just 3.52 seasons and loses two to three years off his life expectancy for every season played. 
New Sign of Brain Damage in N.F.L. 
The best, most ridiculous and awesomest rookie cards
Fred Taylor's son makes All-State football team as 8th grader
Manchester United Set a New Premier League Record - United 5-0 Winners Over West Bromwich Albion
Playing Video Games Good For You? - Madden players 60% more knowledgable about football.
PGA Tour needs to counter game's rich-guy image
RBs fight over nicknaming rights
Warner won the last Super Bowl before Bush took office - 9 years later, he's poised to win again
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Rays, Red Sox, Yankees - the three approaches to winning the AL East - part III
A Look Back...Super Bowl History
Arrest Warrant Issued for Jason Caffey
Welcome to the NFL Rookie
Tom Brady's Gone Soft
Boston Celtics Examiner: Ride 'em, Doc
Mexico vs Sweden live soccer : International Friendly stream FREE TV link 28th Jan
Coupe de France :live soccer Lyon v Marseille and TV link FREE 28th January
Futbol training
A guide to Tampa strip clubs for the Super Bowl
Report: Steelers D-coordinator LeBeau to return
Craziest sports fans of all time [pics]
Repeated concussions lead to severe brain disease in old NFL players
Mass. police recover stolen Super Bowl rings - NFL 
Steelers' Holmes says he sold drugs as youth 
Fitzgerald says he'd pitch in to keep Boldin
Is Lakers' Gasol worthy of an All-Star spot? 
No. 6 Wake beats No. 1 Puke 70-68 
Sources: Oakland Raiders decide on Tom Cable as head coach 
Swiss Lions win ice hockey Champions League
KissiIt’s Never Too Late To Make Fun Of Peter King 
Barry Bonds used more than 'cream,' 'clear' 
Recession Hits Super Bowl
Yankee Stadium, Now in Technicolor!
Investigators Blame NASCAR for 2007 Plane Crash
Federer powers into Australian Open final
Boston Celtics Examiner: The courtship of Eddie's jumper
Roddick vs. Serena? Sounds like she's already won round one...
Palmeiras vs. Real Potosi live soccer Copa Libertadores on TV FREE link 29th Jan
Hot Girls, Tiny Sports Jerseys: A Gallery
Streaming Calcio: FC Barcelona - Espanyol
Kobe fears dog poop
Peter King's 10 thoughts on Super Bowl XLII
ESPN's New Master of the Offensive Foul - Stephen A. Smith  New York Times from 2005
Herm Edwards joins ESPN's NFL broadcast team 
Polamalu spurned Braves to follow football 
Report: Lakers' Bynum will not be suspended for hit on Wallace - w/vid
Mayor: Idea Of Parade Still Alive For Steelers Super Bowl Victory/ Pittburgh is low on cash.
Federer is closing in on Sampras' record
Steeler Defense Renamed 'Mid-Level White-Collar Curtain' To More Accurately Reflect Contemporary Pittsburgh  
Sparks Fly at Shea Stadium
Shaquille O’Neal passes Hakeem Olajuwon on the NBA’s All-time Scoring List
Super Bowl XLIII and Tampa Bay: Autograph Nightmare!
Oaklawn Park picks For Fun Only
Pols call for Mets to scrap Citigroup naming rights deal.
David Wells: Yankee Mgr Joe Torre Not a Bad Manager, Just a Bad Individual
Striving to become the top Swiss figure skater
South St. Paul Examiner: Golden Gophers destroy the Fighting Illini
Nadal to face Federer in Australian Open final 
Derek Jeter finally admits stealing part of old Yankee Stadium 
Even the President doesn't respect the Cardinals
Barbaro's Little Brother Running His First Race
The outliers of college basketball
BBP's All Time Favorite Super Bowl Commerical
John Gruden Talks About Getting Fired
Models and Bottles Super Bowl Bash
China's Olympic Stadium (The Bird's Nest) has fallen into disuse, will anchor shopping complex
Serena Williams Wins Australian Open
Stoke City vs Manchester City Live Streaming Soccer
Arsenal vs West Ham United Live Streaming Soccer
My Picks for Superbowl XLIII
UFC 94 | Free Live Stream
Streaming Calcio: Serie B diretta goal
Everton vs Arsenal review of the game - Heat maps, possession graphs and more
AP source: McNamee's syringes at UCLA lab for test 
Haynesworth won't give Titans hometown discount 
Streaming Calcio: Napoli - Udinese
Streaming Calcio: Juventus - Cagliari
Rafael Nadal vs Roger Federer Live Streaming Tennis
Bob Hayes makes Hall of Fame
Iverson Passes Barkley on NBA All-time Scoring List
UFC 94 Results
Countdown to Beijing - In Jamaica, Sprinting for Pride and Defending Integrity - NYTimes.com
who here is watching the Australian Open final, and can't understand why Federer can't convert on break points.
Streaming Calcio: Serie A 22 week
The face of a champion?
Some Depth to the Federer-Nadal Rivalry
A Little Known Sport: Underwater Hockey
Super Bowl Cakes Gone Wild!!!
Vic Darchinyan vs. Jorge Arce Preview
Ravens QB Flacco voted Diet Pepsi NFL Rookie of the Year
Nadal beats Federer to win Australian Open
Phelps acknowledges photo using pot pipe - Yahoo! Sports
Go Daddy 2009 Super Bowl Commercial
New Federal Holiday: Super Bowl Monday
Phelps Calls Photo of Him Smoking Marijuana 'Regrettable'
Super Strategy went out window in frantic finish
 Phelps Acknowledges Photo Showing Him Smoking Pot
Boston Celtics Examiner: The return of Tony Allen
Streaming Calcio: Bologna - Fiorentina 15:15
Plenty of attractive pieces on market for Chicago Bears; Bears will find good options if they're willing to invest cash
Bob Knight to coach in SEC?
Eight key moments from Super Bowl XLIII
IOC Backs Phelps On Bong Use!
Yankee Stadium 3D Model (pre-renovation)
Could it be Deja Vu for the Lakers' Bynum? 
Bob Knight about to talk about Geogia job on ESPN radio
Michael Phelps' pot apology
Bynum out 2-3 months
MLB Commish Selig received $17.5 million in salary last year!  Good work if you can get it.
The Long Sad History of Cardinals Football
Ohio St. OL Boone arrested in California
Will Orlando Magic do Better than They Did Back in 1995?
New England Patriots Examiner: Kevin Faulk: One of the best running backs in Patriots' history?
Top 10 Best Super Bowl games
Lions fans will forever hate Matt Millen [Video]
Meadowlands Stadium Construction Update - 2/2/2009
Preston vs Plymouth Athletic live streaming on TV 03.02.09
Citi explores breaking Mets deal: report
Swiss women disappoint in Val d'Isère
Bryan Brothers capture Aussie doubles title
Critics debate which was the best Super Bowl ad
Arsene's Arsenal get Arshavin
RealGM Football: Matt Cassel Gets Peed On At Super Bowl Party
Wolverhampton vs Norwich live streaming on TV 03.02.09
Federer and Nadal are SUPER GAY!
My Favorite, 'Best of the Big Game' Super Bowl Ads 
Selig received $3 million raise, drew $17.5M salary last year
Super Bowl was Actually Most-watched in History
The mysterious suspension of North Carolina guard Will Graves
New England Patriots Examiner: Matt Cassel, Rodney Harrison headline Patriots' long list of free agents
Kobe Bryant Post-Game Interview After 61-Point Game (VIDEO)
Fernando Torres needs a new agent.  Boom mic visible 44' in.
Rangers Retire Graves' Number
England 2018 Cup rivals confirmed
A new US F1 team on the horizon?
Fired Bucs Coach Gruden says hell Coach Flag Football!! | Flag Football Blog
Streaming Calcio: Juventus - Napoli 20:45
sTREAMING Calcio: Rangers FC - AC Milan 20:45
Furor over Phelps keeps building
Boston Celtics Examiner: House, Allen not in 3 Point Shootout
Documents Cite Positive Drug Tests in Bonds Case - NYTimes.com
Positive Drug Tests in Bonds Case 
Letterman's Top 10 2/3/09
ITV show VW commercial as Everton score winning goal
Barcelona vs Mallorca live online stream
Steroid test results among feds' evidence in Bonds perjury case
Sports Blog: Kampman’s Big Move
Bourdais to test at Jerez - good clue he might keep the drive? - Pitpass
All is going swimmingly for QB, pranks for asking 
No. 10 Clemson tops No. 4 Puke 74-47
Gonzalez may still want to be traded 
NFL Draft: Rankings by position 
The Lofts are NOT the Cheap Seats
Boston Celtics Examiner: Ray Allen is an All Star
Lane Kiffin continues to talk smack, accuses Urban Meyer of cheating 
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Tampa Bay Rays position battles to look for in Spring Training
New England Patriots Examiner: Patriots put franchise tag on Matt Cassel
Joe Calzaghe the undefeated world super middleweight champion has saddled up his bags and retired from a sport he has graced both in and out of the ring. 
Michael Phelps Suspended For 3 Months
Earnhardt Jr. fires back at track owners 
Kiffin reprimanded by for saying Gators cheated 
Lakers snap another Boston streak, win 110-109 - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
Phelps' image goes up in smoke
Michael Phelps: Paying for pot
Kansas City Chiefs hire Todd Haley as coach
Shea Stadium is Almost Gone!
Video: Slap an asterisk on LeBron's MSG triple-double 
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Rays 2009 player preview: Dan Wheeler
Silver is Gut for Switzerland
South St. Paul Examiner: Flattened Minnesota Golden Gophers try to regroup
Nobody but Karl Malone edits Karl Malone's wikipedia entry on Karl Malone, the man, and Karl Malone's career. - Karl Malone
New England Patriots Examiner: Which teams will be interested in Matt Cassel?
Craig Brewster Joins Ross County as Player-Coach
Top 10: Joe Calzaghe's most important bouts
How Larry Bigbie Became the Most Important Man in Baseball
Portsmouth vs Liverpool live match on pc EPL
Materazzi wins British libel damages over Sun's claims about Zidane head-butt
Streaming Calcio: tutta la  Serie B 16:00
Cincinnati cop to Andy Kennedy:  “You think we’ve never arrested somebody that’s made national media? …We deal with the Bengals all the time.
Close finish gives Swiss skiers two top spots
Streaming Calcio: Lecce - Inter 18:00
Portsmouth vs Liverpool Live Streaming
Calcio: Milan - Reggina 20:30
UFC Fight Night 17 Lauzon vs Stephens | Live Stream
Lakers acquire Morrison from Bobcats for Radmanovic
Cinderella man saves the Reds again
New England Patriots Examiner: The NFL isn't laughing about A-Rod, they're worrying about Stubblefield
In A-Rod's honor: The five worst months in Rays' history
Udinese vs Bologna live Italy serie A
Amazing new documentary starring Jim Morrison and The Doors
Streaming Calcio: Palermo - Napoli 20:30
Galaxy reject initial Milan bid for Beckham
Andruw Jones OKs Texas Rangers' minor league deal
West Ham 0 United 1
A Way Too Early Preview Of The 2009 NFL Season | Bleacher Report
Tony Adams Sacked as manager of Portsmouth
Oklahoma City Thunder Over .500 in 2009
New England Patriots Examiner: Patriots draft prospects: Vontae Davis, CB, Illinois
Tiger Woods and Wife Elin Welcome Baby Boy
Gut settles for silver once again
Stop the Steroid Talk
Darchinyan TKOs Arce In 11th Round
10 Old School Sports Logos That Should Make A Comeback
Sean Avery clears waivers, could play in AHL, may be welcomed back by the Rangers.
The McSorley Rule - Does Fighting Have a Place in Minor League Hockey?
ThinkClimbing, a Resource for Climbers on Twitter
A-Rod Was Steroid Positive and Apologizes
Rodriguez admits to using steroids, after lying to Katie Couric in 2007.. Way to go buddy!
At least we know this Hall of Famer didn't do steroids! (or do we?)
Yankees Should Cut A-Rod Loose, Eat the $270 Million. (Sure...any day now)
The Mutual Respect of Kobe Bryant and Lebron James (VIDEO) 
Brazil vs Italy Highlights Video: International Friendly Highlights
Pompey begin new manager search
FlagMag’s Colleen with Warren Moon &amp; Kasey Kahne. | Flag Football Blog
CARTOON: hear no, speak no, smoke no
San Diego native, Freestyle motocross champ Jeremy Lusk dies following fall in Costa Rica
Former Baltimore Orioles shortstop Miguel Tejada was charged today with lying to Congressional investigators about the use of performance-enhancing drugs in baseball. 
Yankees' Jeter &amp; Posada say they're not on steroid list
Rangers Pick up Avery: Controversial left winger Sean Avery is resuming his hockey career with the New York Rangers' affiliate in Hartford, hoping to return to the NHL.
Should steroids be legal in baseball?
The Not-So-Obvious Lessons Learned from the Lakers 6-0 Road Trip
Peter Gammons on Selena roberts
Dook vs. the Tar Holes rarely lives up to the hype
Freestyle motocross racer Jeremy Lusk dies
Paternity suit filed against McFadden
Shamrock, Diaz to clash at catch weight of 179
Tejada charged with lying about steroids
New England Patriots Examiner: Patriots should make a play for Raiders CB Nnamdi Asomugha
Austria vs Sweden live online pc stream
Anti-athlete bigotry is one of the few acceptable prejudices within the mainstream media.
France vs Argentina Highlights Video: International Friendly Highlights
Favre retiring.....again
Brett Favre Retiring from Jets Football
Lane Kiffin vs The SEC
A-Rod Gets Steroid Cream Rubbed Over Topless Body On The Late Show (VIDEO)
Streaming Calcio: Francia - Argentina 21:00
Jets QB Brett Favre to retire 
Canseco wants to help baseball with steroid issue 
World's wealthiest clubs by revenue
Almost Sold for $10, Woman Nets Over $60K for First Ever Baseball Team Card from 1869 
New England Patriots Examiner: Brett Favre's season in New York impacted the Patriots more than the Jets
NY Giants Fan's are PATHETIC...This game is my life.
The Golfer's Cheat Sheet
The 2010 Vancouver Olympics Are One Year Away.
Alomar: I Don't Have AIDS
Elgin Baylor sues Clippers, claiming racism 
 Notable athletes who have come out of retirement
The All-Time Baseball Movie Team
Kiper Prefers Cassel to Rodgers, Cutler.  Calls him better than a #1  pick.
Ken Griffey Jr. to return to Seattle.
#1 Most Difficult Sports Interview Ever: Jim Everett takes on talk host Jim Rome
Think you can beat this guy in a game of GEICO?
Lawyers: Is sheriff too aggressive in Phelps case?
Bob Knight Sportscenter Top 10 Soundbites
Low preseason expectations for White Sox
In-Car Rally Video from Sno*Drift Pastrana
History of the NBA All-Star game
NFL or NBA? Can you guess which organization this is?
Faces of hockey players during and after fights, make sure you're not eating
An Open Letter to Bud Selig
Dear Basketball Written by Michael Jordan
Falcons seeking to trade rights to Michael Vick - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Fenerbahce vs Genclerbirligi match Turkish Super Lig live stream on pc 14th Feb
The Soph Beat The Rooks (Again), T.O. Gets Celebrity Game MVP Trophy (Again)
Lance Armstrong is big draw for Tour of California - Los Angeles Times
Streaming Calcio: tutta la  Serie B 16:00
impact of professional sports on american society 
Streaming Calcio: Napoli - Bologna 20:30
Report: Philly fans don’t like millionaires that suck at their jobs
2009 D-League All-Star - The Red Team Cruises Past the Blue, James White Wins Slam Dunk Champs, and More
Report: Braves have an interest in Ken Griffey Jr. - MLB - Yahoo! Sports
Rudy Gay - This is the guy the Rockets gave up for Shane Battier (video)
Lauren Eagle back on the water
The 15 Worst White NBA Ballers of the Last Twenty Years
Yes, He Did
Celtic vs Rangers Highlights Video: SPL Highlights: Old Firm
Streaming Calcio: Serie A 24a giornata 15:00
After 20 years, Swiss skiers find their peaks
NFL commissioner Goodell cuts his pay by 25 percent 
Green sets NHL record in Capitals' win - NHL - Yahoo! Sports
 Armstrong's return on track at Tour of California
 Here it is in all of its glory: the so-called Kryptonite dunk that got Nate Robinson this year's Slam Dunk title.
 Tony LaRussa, Mark McGwire Steroids Denier, Calls for Zero Tolerance on PEDs
Allen Iverson cut his hair [Photos]
Steroid Symphony
Live Blog: 2009 NBA All-Star Game from Phoenix
Manchester United Cruise Through to the FA Cup Quarter-Finals
Shaq's Last Hurrah
2009 NBA All-Star Finale: West Wins 146-119, Shaq and Kobe Co-MVP
BBC SPORT | Cricket | International Teams | West Indies | West Indies legends video archive
Fever cancels Cancellara's California dream
Tournament called: Johnson wins at Pebble Beach in 3 Rounds
Is Competitive Eating a Sport?
10 Random Observations from NBA All-Star 'Lovefest' 2009
Is Tim Floyd Gonna Have to Choke a Ref?
NHL play-by-play in Punjabi scores big time
Red Bulls Lock Up Ángel
Teams plug in to video game to evaluate talent in NBA 
Nintendo Power! San Diego Pitcher Heath Bell credits Wii Fit for weight loss
UFC’s Owners In Bankruptcy; White In Jeopardy?
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Rays fans rock the house at FanFest
Inside Citi Field - 2/12 (photos)
Hank Steinbrenner on A-Rod
Losing my mind over the Celtics
IndyCar Series Welcomes Second Season Of Unified Racing - News - Texas Motor Speedway
New England Patriots Examiner: Patriots cut Billy Yates and Kelley Washington, clear $1.5 million in cap space
Doing the right thing (Youth basketball edition)
Thailand Ladies Open 2009
New England Patriots Examiner: BALCO case rears its ugly head in New England, Larry Izzo admits to using PEDs
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Rays 2009 player preview: Pat Burrell
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Adam Kennedy and Joe Maddon reunite, but for how long?
Shea Stadium Reaches the Bottom of the 9th
Gerrard could make early return
A Different Take on the A-Rod Story
Johnny Damon on A-Rod
CFL icon Milt Stegall calling it quits.
Massive High School Basketball Brawl
Shannon Brown Block (and Foul)
NBA All-Star partygoers got personalized PS3's 
Michael Phelps is a genius; hiding out at strips clubs 
Peppers' trade list has only 4 teams, says source
Report: UFC 97 in Montreal is on
ZZ Tot - Six Year Old Soccer Sensation Madin Mohammed
Junior Griffey returns to the Mariners
New England Patriots Examiner: Tom Brady: I’m feeling great. Everything is progressing just as I expected.
Tyson Chandler gets traded, then fails physical and gets sent back
Danika Patrick Tattoo Airbrushed out of Sports Illustrated Swimsuit issue | LA Snark
Who Do You Hate More Barry Bonds or Alex Rodriguez
Important to Clean Your Paintball Barrel 
Luv To Surf: A-Rod Will Not Rat On Cousin | Video
Cavs, Blazers pushing for late deals
Dimitar Berbatov: It's not over yet
NBA Trade Deadline Nears
Giants trying to turn corner after Bonds circus - MLB 
AP Poll: Majority of fans say no on A-Rod for Hall 
Jeter provides emotional rescue to Yankees 
NASCAR owner Roush promotes propane power for cars
AP Sources: Wolves trade McCants to Kings
Dawson-Tarver fight postponed
UFC 97 Lineup Confirmed
Tiger Woods gets back in the game next week.
Tiger is Back!
Chuck Barkley apologizes for DUI
Slate of Amazin' eats on Citi Field's home plate for debut season
The sorry state of baseball in Washington
Requiem for Shea Stadium
BC Sundin
England wait for Flintoff update
Mexican Power Rankings: Jornada 6
Winter sports enthusiasts underestimate danger
Winners and losers: NBA trade deadline - NBA - The Lakers might have won by no one upgrading
Fantastic Roy Keane interview in Irish Times newspaper. Feb 09
NFL Crimes NewsBlog
New England Patriots Examiner: Tully Banta-Cain's failed stint in San Francisco more proof of Belichick's genius
Larry Miller Owner of Utah Jazz Passed Away  Last Night
New England Patriots Examiner: Patriots reportedly interested in RB Fred Taylor
Gabi Decarlo Makes Nascar Truck Racing Debut Today
Diego Sanchez vs. Joe Stevenson UFC 95 
The Plight of Weymouth Football Club
Rugby great Dale Shearer critical after car crash
Tiger's return: good news for the tour
73-year-old basketball player ruled ineligible
Interview with former Featherweight Champion Robert Guerrero
Liverpool's title dream over?
Kobe Bryant vs Lebron James 1-on-1? Bryant Says, 'I'm The Best!'
Fantasy Basketball Question: See Comments.
Mondays With Bob Greene: We do not wish to politicize sports
Metz vs Lens live stream French Ligue 2 - 23th Feb
Illinois defensive tackle suspended indefinitely
Mid Majors to Make Noise
Doctors advise TE prospect Mandeville to retire (heart ailment) - NFL - SI.com
Westbrook Off-The-Glass Slam (Video)
Sage Rosenfels Traded To Vikings
Pete Carroll Is America's Highest-Paid Private University Employee
Levi Leipheimer Wins Tour De California
Charles Barkley pleads guilty to DUI charges
Pick of the litter: Revolution prospects
Devin Harris Beats the 76ers (Video)
Becks livid over Chinese ad - Offbeat - The Times of India Sports
John Arne Riise Looking Forward to Facing Arsenal
Charles Barkley Pleads Guilty, Faces Jail Time
Nba: David Falk Says The NBA Players' Union Better Pucker Up
Joba Chamberlain Capable Of Pulling Hot Rockstar Energy Drink Model Types
Streaming Calcio: Atletico Madrid - FC Porto 20:45
Boston Celtics Examiner: Moore officially signs
Streaming Calcio: Inter - Manchester United 20:45
Ball State kickers doing well in the chick department
Washington St. QB Marshall Lobbestael Gets DUI in Police Parking Lot
Sports Gene Testing for Kids and Youth Athletics
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Rays hit the field as AL Champs tomorrow - get ready
YouTube - Brett Favre's Testicles
Marbury To Sign With Boston
Who Wants Two Tickets to a Phoenix Suns Game?  All You Have to Do Is Go to the Mall and Touch Shaq.
Free live TV stream : Germany vs China on 25th Feb
Real Madrid vs Liverpool live soccer p2p stream Champions league
Tiger's Back! The Sports World Can Resume Turning
Yvette Prieto: The Reason The Charlotte Bobcats Suck 
Young Tiger Woods wins British Open
Scoop Jackson: A Mount Rushmore for each NBA team - ESPN Page 2
John Buccigross: The ultimate NHL Mt. Rushmore list! - ESPN
David Schoenfield: The Mount Rushmores of the NL - ESPN Page 2
Streaming Calcio: Chelsea - Juventus 20:45
McNabb, Reid relationship strained over finances, dirty dishes left in sink
Lebron Underhanded Sideline Shot
Technology to determine who dunks the hardest
Ron Kittle worried someone will harm Jose Canseco
In these tough economic times, who do you turn to? Bo! 
Tiger Wood is Back
Digital HD Coverage of Accenture Match Play Golf Championship
Lebron James makes a ridiculous underhand shot from halfcourt - Doesn't even touch the rim
Awesome Tiger Woods Ad
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Rays drop opener at CSP to Reds
Tiger Woods returns with straightforward victory
Manny Ramirez's agent continues to negotiate with Dodgers
2008 AP sports writers awards
The Winners of Sports Zaniest Records
Top 10 Moments in the History of Minute Maid Park
The Dying Loyalty of Baseball Teams
Ron Mexico - tasteless humor
LA Galaxy: Beckham Will Return From Milan
Fuck Yogi - Mickey Mantle
Charles Barkley's new golf show looks kind of awesome 
NBA D-League Expands to Maine
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Rays' bats struggle again, silence is becoming deafening
AJ Price Breaks Ankles (Video)
Manny Being Stupid
Motorsports: 11 Year Old Pilots Rally-Prepped Mitsubishi Evo
Every Team Needs a Kim Perrot
Dawkins to Visit Denver
Phils release Eaton due to cutbacks of fantastically horrible players
New England Patriots Examiner: Shocking: Mike Vrabel traded to the Kansas City Chiefs
Safety Brian Dawkins signs with Denver Broncos
Albert Haynesworth signs 100 million dollar deal with Redskins
New England Patriots Examiner: Broncos sign former Patriots Jabar Gaffney, Lonie Paxton
Middlesbrough vs Liverpool Highlights Video: EPL Highlights
Arsenal vs Fulham Live Streaming Soccer | English Premier League
Streaming Calcio: Lazio - Bologna FC 18:00
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Weekend update: Rays rout Red Sox, ready for Phillies
WPS reveal women's uniforms, Barcelona dance around Miami, MLS slash reserves while Galaxy prepares for life without Beckham
Matt Cassel traded to KC
New England Patriots Examiner: Patriots trade Matt Cassel and Mike Vrabel to Kansas City Chiefs
Streaming Calcio: Serie A 26a Giornata 15:00
Two NFL players among missing boaters in Florida
Jason Richardson's Sweet 360 (Video)
Team Jennifer Jones wins back to back titles at the Scotties
Spurs boss tells Fergie to grab all 5 of the season
China 'patriot' sabotages auction
The 10 ugliest baseball uniforms of all time
Ticketless Soccer Fan Turns Front Room Into Stadium
Take the ES out of ESPN: Emmitt Smith out at the World Wide Leader
wrestling back break
Belichick hasn't lost his mind 
Charles Barkley is not a role model?
Lankan Cricket team attacked in Pakistan. Players injured with bullets. Police dead in violent, fully armed attack.
What were the Celtics thinking?
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: World Baseball Classic leads to Spring Training awkwardness
Yankees vs Indians Tickets
Manny Ramirez, Dodgers Agree to Terms
Report: Manny Ramirez Agrees to Deal With Dodgers
New England Patriots Examiner: Matt Cassel trade fallout: Break out the tin foil hats!
Former New York Yankees pitcher Sturdivant dies - ESPN
Hamilton Academical vs Hibernian live stream online on March 4
Birmingham vs Bristol City live stream online on March 4
For Free Throws, 50 Years of Practice Is No Help
Brady walking well, not wearing wedding ring
Kurt Warner, Arizona Cardinals reach two-year deal
Baseball memoir turns out to be fiction
Russia's version of the Laker Girls
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Pitching remains front and center at Rays' camp
Australia vs Kuwait Live Streaming Asian Cup Qualifying On 05-03-09
AZ vs NAC Live Streaming Dutch Cup On 05-03-09
Video | Dallas Cowboys Release Terrell Owens
Survivor: Football players lost at sea took off lifejackets
A-Rod to Miss 10 Weeks
Dallas Cowboys Cut Terrell Owens
A-rod Out Until May
Bengals expected to sign O'Sullivan as No.2 quarterback - Sports Rumors - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
This should spell the end for T.O. - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Warner, Arizona agree to 2-year, $23M deal - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Anna Kournikova goes for a world record
The SportWhores - A friendly discussion of current sporting news
DiLeo to unveil radical strategy involving defending, making three-point shots
Celtics vs Hawks Tickets
Galatasaray vs Bursaspor live Stream Turkish Super League 18.00 GMT 6th March, 2009
Agent: Owens will find new team by next week
Projecting the NCAA tournament brackets
New England Patriots Examiner: Mike Vrabel Q&amp;A with Kansas City media
Coventry City vs Chelsea Highlights Video: FA Cup Highlights
Lakers vs Mavericks Tickets
Nets vs Knicks Tickets
Celtics vs Miami Heat Tickets
Lakers vs Warriors Tickets
Celtics vs Clippers Tickets
His Winning Season 
Streaming Calcio: Genoa - Inter 18:00
Jeff Teague Has No Respect For His Elders (w/vid)
The Ethics of Talking Trash
Streaming Calcio: Torino FC - Juventus 20:30
NES Controller Custom Goalie Pads
Owens inks 1-year, $6.5M deal with Bills
Devils vs Rangers Tickets
T.O. signs with Bills after considering offers from ‘like, a bunch of teams’
Phoenix Suns vs San Antonio Spurs live Streaming NBA 08/03/09
Memphis Grizzlies vs Houston Rockets live Streaming NBA 08/03/09
Bionic leg
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Tampa Bay Rays and Boston Red Sox split weekend home and home
A-Rod Having Surgery; Season in Doubt
Boston Celtics Examiner: Who is more valuable than Rajon Rondo?
Mondays With Bob Greene: Perhaps Tennis
And you thought filling in for A-Rod was an ordeal...
clippers vs lakers tickets
Most Gruesome Sports Injuries
New Snowmobile Video by Tachyon XC
Watch Panathinaikos vs Villarreal Live Uefa Champions League on pc | 10 march
Watch Liverpool vs Real Madrid Live Uefa Champions League on pc | 10 march
Enjoy Juventus vs Chelsea live streaming &amp; Highlights | Champions League 10 March
Enjoy Bayern Munich vs Sporting Lisbon live streaming &amp; Highlights | Champions League 10 March
Enjoy Panathinaikos vs Villarreal live streaming &amp; Highlights | Champions League 10 March
Watch Bayern Munich vs Sporting Lisbon Live Uefa Champions League on pc | 10 march
Steroid accusations will take it’s toll on the demand for MLB event   tickets
Boy, 7, hopes to follow success of Bladerunner Oscar Pistorius 
Watch Online Juventus vs Chelsea Live Streaming Soccer
BBC SPORT | Football | Europe | Benitez hits back against critics
BBC SPORT | Other sport... | Horse Racing | Punjabi storms to Hurdle victory
Clemens Evidence Ties DNA to PEDs
Holy crap Nederland! Good Job
WWE SmackDown ECW Tickets Austin
New England Patriots Examiner: Patriots sign free agent CB Leigh Bodden
Heat vs Celtics Tickets
Watch Barcelona vs Lyon Live Uefa Champions League on pc | 11 march
NBA is Heading Toward Bankruptcy?
Flyers vs Rangers Tickets
Who the heck is Dutch World Baseball Classic manager Rod Delmonico?
You don't fuck with the Colonel.
Manchester United vs Inter Milan Live Streaming Football
AS Roma vs Chelsea Live Streaming Soccer
Rivals High - Pregame dunk costs team playoff game
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Rays Spring Training update: Debut week for starting pitchers
Top 10: March Madness Champions - AskMen.com
 NFL’s premier “possession” receiver will spend this week in the pokey 
'Frank TV' no longer will dominate TBS' baseball ads (Watchdog) - Newsday.com
New England Patriots Examiner: Larry Izzo leaves Patriots for AFC East rival Jets—and I'm OK with it...
Memphis vs Lakers Tickets
Testosterone doping test not fit for purpose
Papelbon Hammers Former Teammate Ramierez
Wade Belak TKO's NHL heavy weight Donald Brashear 
Albert Pujols is the Best Player in Baseball
Parents of the late Ereck Plancher sue University of Central Florida 
Upset Alert! Baylor takes down top seed Kansas in Big 12 Tourney 71-64
Le Monde fined for linking Madrid to doping - - SI.com
Federer is set to become a father
Chelsea stars ask Hiddink to stay
Beckham committed to MLS, expecting boos
Federer to become a father
The Premier League has come up with a cunning plan for playing its controversial '39th game', the money-spinning competitive match between English clubs on foreign soil. It is called the Champions League final.
Chris Bosh As A Weather Man?!?
Watch KV Mechelen vs Anderlecht Live Stream Belgian Jupiler League 13/03/09
Manchester United vs Liverpool live links Free on 14/03/09
Is The Angelina Jolie Of News Coming To ESPN?
Just don't even think Chris Paul could be MVP, got it?
St. Louis Rams release receiver Torry Holt - NFL  
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Fernando Perez out three months, Rays face Opening Day questions
James Corden takes on the England football team. (Comic Relief. Absolutely hilarious.)
1961 Topps Roger Maris Baseball Card
Streaming Serie B 16:00
Streaming Calcio: Cagliari - Genoa 18:00
Watch Man Utd vs Liverpool(1-4) Goals Video Clip on 14th March 2008
Streaming Calcio: Juventus - Bologna FC
Watch Liverpool vs Man Utd All Goals Video ( 4-1 ) 14th March
Terrific New Trailer for the Documentary 'Tyson'
Streaming Serie A 15:00
Chief Kickingstallionsims will be playing in the NCAA tournament.
Browns WR Stallworth hits, kills Fla. pedestrian - NFL 
Giants have the chips to move up in the first round - Sports Rumors - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Cutler's Denver area house up for sale - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Lions get LB Peterson from Seahawks for DT Redding - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Watch Standard Liege vs Racing Live Stream Belgian Jupiler League 15/03/09
Streaming Calcio: Inter - Fiorentina 20:30
Ovechkin -- Rapping -- you're awesome but stick to hockey (VIDEO)
Mickelson treated for heat exhaustion, dehydration
How to shoot a basketball–left hand(1)
NCAA Tournament Number 1 Seeds Announced
New England Patriots Examiner: Josh McDaniels and the Broncos have a serious problem in QB Jay Cutler
Mondays With Bob Greene: I'm completely excited | TennisGrandstand
Venezuela vs. Puerto Rico Live WBC 2009 Free Streaming
Submit your NCAA brackets to the Reddit group on ESPN
09 NCAA men's basketball bracket - looks best with IE
Leitao, University of Virginia basketball coach, resigned.
Live report from the US Pole Dance Championship
Bill Belichick &amp; Charlie Weis sing backup for Bon Jovi
Kearney gets clothes-lined against Italy
Peppers to New England?
The Lakers are Missing One Thing: The 'Crazy' Gene
NCAA Tournament First Round Upsets?
The Seven Dirtiest Teams in College Basketball History
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Rays 2009 player preview: Shawn Riggans
Not even the Hornets know why they play badly sometimes
2009 NBA Playoffs Commercials: Where Will Amazing Happen This Year?
Grand prizes would mean more 'hot streaks' in sports, say economists
College Sports Examiner: West Regional preview
Alves rubbishes reports of move to Chelsea
Free live football :Defensor v São Paulo on live webcasting March 18
Ajax vs Marseille Highlights Video: UEFA Cup Highlights
College Sports Examiner: East Regional preview
F1: Jean Todt resigns from Ferrari
Obama makes his march madness picks, rips on Pac 10 (video)
Iguodala, Sixers take advantage of Lakers’ absensce from game
Iditarod winner &amp; his dogs braved a brutal 50-below zero windstorm off the Bering Sea - while other mushers waited it out.
Winning isn't everything; it's the only thing - was not originally from Lombardi and his version was quite different
PoodlePicks: March Madness
What a Way To Take a Dump [PIC]
Want to know where Man United star Gary Neville lives? Just look for the MUFC hedge on Google Earth... | Mail Online
Piano therapy for rugby star Worsley
Cherry-Picker-in-Chief
NCAA starting new Final Four tradition in 2 weeks - College Basketball
Manny Ramirez plays Cricket. With video!
Henin starts second career on TV
Interview with Jozy Altidore about his lack of playing time at Xerez
The Worst NCAA D-I College Mascots
Rare photos of humpback whale in Gulf
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Rays' Longoria to the rescue for Team USA at the WBC
Men timing their vasectomies to coincide with March Madness
James Thompson vs. Jim York Fight Video Sengoku Seventh Battle WVR
With KERS on board, F1 drivers shed weight for new season
Report: Buckhalter first of many former Eagle bombshells; L.J. on deck
Secrets Of Marketing In A Web 2.0 World
Purple Jesus saves football program at NIACC
Strippers losing grip on pole as fitness fans swing in | Lifestyle | Reuters
Hamilton, Schumacher slam new F1 scoring rules
Penn camp not ready to give up on 'Greasegate'
FIA ready to reinstate points for title
Newcastle vs Arsenal Highlights Video: EPL Highlights
Streaming Serie B Diretta Goal 16:00
College Sports Examiner: Dear Dave, I should have picked Siena
Union files grievance over Dodgers contributions
Tennis: Roger Federer goes down at Indian Wells
Streaming Serie A 15:00
Indian Premier League (IPL) to be played outside India with new schedules,venues, hosts countries
Stairs, Moyer fighting urge to give wholesome ‘back in my day’ speech every inning
The Garnett effect
He plays basketball 4 hours a day, He has his own line of clothing. He is 13.
Streaming Calcio: Napoli - Milan 20:30
2009 NCAA Wrestling Results
Ball State stuns Tennessee, hands Lady Vols first ever opening-round loss
Big Georges Laraque and fighting in the NHL
Mondays With Bob Greene: A win here is amazing, another victory at the start of the season
Kim Clijsters to announce future plans
The Montreal Canadiens are on the auction block.
Lance Armstrong hurt in crash at Vuelta Castilla.
The agony of defeat: Local headlines for NCAA Tournament losers
In Another Symbol of the Struggles of Our Times - Lance Armstrong Falls During Race, is Taken to Hospital : WreckingBallReport.com
Armstrong in hospital after race crash
You've got to watch out for those sloppy trousers
Did A-Rod hire prostitutes from Spitzer’s madam?
Lance Armstrong breaks collar bone.
Lance Armstrong breaks collarbone in crash
This is gonna take a long time for someone to live down...
New England Patriots Examiner: Patriots awarded three compensatory draft picks
Baseball classic tied in the bottom of the ninth by Bum-Ho Lee. Hee, hee.
Beginnings and Endings For Jim Courier
The Perfect Penalty Formula
I'm doing a baseball fantasy draft tonight and I haven't followed baseball closely enough in recent years to have a clue what I'm doing. Any suggestions for sleeper picks?
NBA Joins Forces with the Cartoon Network
Chris Cooley is making friends in Cleveland
MLB Hall of Famer George Kell passes away
Strasburg is on the all-time fastest track - 103 MPH
North Carolina point guard Ty Lawson plans to play vs. Gonzaga
 Saints cut veteran CB, starter McKenzie
College Football Stadiums
NBA and Twitter - A Match Made in Heaven
£6m pay cut for F1 star Fernando Alonso as credit crunch hits
Meet The Parents - Roger Federer expecting his first child
Great Goal by Alex Tanguay (March 24th, 2009 vs Atlanta)
Seth Curry snubs Jerry Falwell for the ACC
Probe: UConn violated NCAA rules
Update on Meadowlands Stadium and Red Bull Arena
Michael Vick released from prison
It's 1987, Ron Hextall has just lost the Stanley cup. You'd think you'd at least let him throw a towel on before the interview right? Not this time.
The wussification of the NFL
Watch Purdue Boilermakers vs Connecticut Huskies Live on Pc | NCCA Basketball
Is Fake Pro or Semi-Pro Wrestling Sport. One State Thinks So
Driving With Donte...A Less-Than Stallworthy Excuse
Astros Announcer's Dad Sneaks On-Air Kiss With Sideline Reporter
UConn Violated N.C.A.A. Contact Rules in Recruitment of Nate Miles
Murderer Michael Vick Stole His Employee's Pension
Open Net
Guess which Loser Team Considering Isiah Thomas For Job? Surprise...LA Clippers.
 The 10 Worst Cheap Shots in Sports  
Top ten T-Willisms
Top 10 Goalies Gone Wild!
The old AFL was not a more open, exciting brand of football than the NFL of that time - statistical analysis debunks the myth
NCAA Tourney Through the Years
Virgin poised for Brawn link-up
Tour of the New Yankee Stadium - 3/26
Formula One rookie gears up for success
Save Time and Money - Homegrown Fitness | The Fitness Revelation
10 Reasons Functional Training Leads to Better Muscular Balance and Improved Performance | The Fitness Revelation
Billy Gillispie out as coach of Kentucky Wildcats in second season 
Recession expected to keep a lot of MLB fans at home
8 of the Manliest Sports 
England vs Slovakia Highlights Video | International Friendly Highlights
New England Patriots Examiner: Keeping tabs on the enemy: If you can play quarterback, the Jets are accepting applications
Tomlin likes Ravens' future
With more games, the NFL must adopt two-QB strategy - Roy S. Johnson Blog - Yahoo! Sports
Cubs vs Cardinals Tickets
Rebounding optional as Sixers fall to Bobcats
Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. vs Luciano Cuello Live Stream
New England Patriots Examiner: Patriots pre-draft private workouts include TE/DE/LB Connor Barwin, 3 safeties, and QB/WR Pat White
Streaming Serie B 15:00
Same Dallas Cop Who Kept Player From Dying Player Harrassed Others...
How Far Is The Farthest Home Run (And Did Mickey Mantle Hit It)?
Peter Aerts Vs. Errol Zimmerman - K-1 World GP 2009 Fight Video
Well-traveled coach Lou Saban dies at age 87 - ESPN
Tar Heels prove too much for Sooners, advance to 2nd straight Final Four
 Steins damned united - Scotland on Sunday
Lance Armstrong gives a Tour of his Mellow Johnny's bike shop and it's One Ball cafe
Ivory Coast must reach WCup to honor dead 
Chris Paul Shoes 
Howard, Parker Named NBA Players of the Week
Popeye the batboy not that impressed by Rollins’ first spring homer
Soy Protein May be the Cause of Emotional Lakers Fans...
Fantasy Baseball - You should give it a try
UGA wants Mizzou's Mike Anderson
Shearer to become Newcastle boss
Mythbusters: March Madness does not represent college hoops - SI.com 
What's Bemidji State? NCAA hockey's amazing Cinderella story
Italy vs Republic of Ireland Highlights Video | World Cup Qualifier Highlights
Turkey vs Spain Highlights Video | World Cup Qualifier Highlights
The two-handed bowl and other revolutionary sports techniques [w/pics/vids]
AIR JORDAN SHOES
Obama Picks Cleveland Cavaliers to Win 2009 NBA Championship
Tough task ahead for India in Wellington
PREVIEW - Barrichello is Button's biggest rival
Milan Lucic: The Rapid Rise of a Hockey Phenom
Yoink! Awesome hockey shootout goal (VIDEO)
JoePa: It's a black man's game now, but before it was all jews
Squeezing every last cent out of the NCAA Tournamet and ruining it in the process
Who will win the NCAA Championship?
Redskins Insider - Redskins Trying to Land Cutler 
New England Patriots Examiner: Former Patriots WR Donte Stallworth charged with DUI manslaughter
USC's Tim Floyd interviews for Arizona job
Steve Nash 
Let's come clean about 'dirty coaches' &amp; NCCA BS-Hypocrisy
Who Knew Cricket Was This Hot?
First Day at Yankee Stadium
The Extreme 19th Hole - Accessible By Helicopter Only [with video]
Cutler is on his way to the Bears .... nothing in print yet but just saw scrolling text on 9news
Tyson Griffin Vs. Rafael Dos Anjos - UFC Fight Night MMA Fight Video
Denver agrees to trade Cutler to the Bears for Kyle Orton and two first round picks
Broncos trade QB Cutler to Bears
Anybody know where to find an RPI calculator or spreadsheet to download? Need to track RPI for our ping-pong league
Bears, Orlando Pace agree to 3-year deal 
Future Final Four Host Cities | The World According to MoonDog
Jays Manager Cito Gaston has sharp words for Roger Clemens
Final Four moment can last a lifetime  
In a recent cricket match, two women get a phone call letting them they know they are on camera. They respond by flashing everyone to a roaring applause.(NSFW)
Roger Federer beaten in Miami semis
Giants release Burress 4 months after shooting
Brian Dawkins to give tickets to fired Eagles employee -
Magic throttle Cavaliers, James 116-87 - were leading by 41 at one time.
Fulham vs Liverpool Highlights Video | EPL Highlights
LeBron James, Chris Paul NBA Players of the Month
Anthony Randolph Cometh
... He Never Gets Placed on Waivers
Villanova Wildcats vs. North Carolina Tar Heels - Recap - April 04, 2009 - ESPN
Streaming Calcio: Atalanta - AC Fiorentina 13:00
Streaming Serie A 15:00
Bowlen sends fans a letter explaining Cutler trade 
Streaming Calcio. Udinese - Inter 19:00
Streaming Calcio: AC Milan - US Lecce 21:00
With Isaiah Thomas, There Is No Basement for the 2009-2010 Los Angeles Clippers
Hope &amp; Trepidation: SF Giants Opening Day 
Wrestlemania 25 Live Streaming
The Cutler Era
New England Patriots Examiner: Patriots draft needs: Don't overlook the offensive line!
 Lincicome's first major comes with eagle on 18
Mondays With Bob Greene: Thank God the hard court season is over
Footballer puts wind up referee
Canucks, Flames having some trouble deciding who wants to win the Northwest
WWE Monday Night Raw Tickets Buffalo
Is Ted Leonsis the favorite owner in Sports?
LeBron vs. Dwight in Pre-Game Half Court Shoot-Out Challenge
College Sports Examiner: Is the college hoops coaching carousel more exciting than the NCAA Tournament?
Xavier coach Sean Miller finally decides to take job at Arizona
Scot Pollard Rubs Cheryl Miller The Wrong Way
Chicago Cubs Season Rests on the Shoulders of the Starting Five
Vice President Biden, just now on ESPN: That was a hell of a catch.  God I wish they'd fire Joe Morgan and hire Joe Biden.
10 Greatest College Basketball Players Over The Past 20 Years
Reggie Williams (WR, Jacksonville) gets tasered, charged with drug possession
Dinosaurs throw like girls
Google Earth Mocks John Terry
Streaming Calcio: Manchester United - FC Porto 20:45
College Sports Examiner: A YouTube recap of a tedious and lackluster NCAA Tournament
NASCAR Science (maybe for the younger crowd, but still interesting)
Blake Griffin to enter NBA Draft
UNC wins National Championship; 30,000 fans swarm Franklin Street [vid]
Blake Griffin to NBA, RIP Oklahoma
Franklin Street post national championship: epicness ensues
So everybody's favorite famous-for-being-famous driver, Danica Patrick, got herself into another scrape this weekend ....
Social networking a potential trap for prospects - NFL 
7th floor crew 
Shed No Tears for the Spartans 
New England Patriots Examiner: B.J. Raji, Brian Cushing, and other NFL prospects tarnished by irresponsible journalism
UConn Women Win National Title
Why can't baseball season be shortened to 1/3?
They've started taking down the old Yankee Stadium
Heels celebrate in time lapse
Courtney Sims Named NBA D-League MVP
Thomas 'The Hitman' Hearns reduced to fighting chickens
Why the NCAA women's tourney is over-hyped
DeMarcus Cousins Changes Committment From Memphis to Kentucky | The World According to MoonDog
The complete Mike Tyson documentary 
Toronto has the best fans. Period.
Increase your golf swing power
Escaping fairway bunkers
Recession Hits Baseball Salaries
So, We All Know A-Rod Is A Dick, But Here's At Least One Idea For How He Can Get Into Heaven.
How the NFL Draft and the Presidential Election are Alike
Stop Comparing the UFC and Boxing
Breaking | Angels Pitcher Nick Adenhart Killed
Is anyone else being blacked out of games they shouldn't be on MLB.TV?
Angels Pitcher Nick Adenhart Killed in Hit-and-Run
Street Soccer Video Compilation
The Masters iPhone Application. Provides live video coverage.
Forbes ranks the best and worst NFL draft teams
Women's Football Freestylers Compilation
Wizards vs. Cavs: The Final Showdown in Screen Shots
College Sports Examiner: Lessons learned this college basketball season
Team Bath Resign from the Blue Square South
New England Patriots Examiner: Comcast to drop NFL Network if NFL refuses to agree to their terms
The Pele of Women's Football: Marta Vieira da Silva
Jordan's son aims for bigger role at Illinois 
Nick Diaz Vs. Frank Shamrock - Strikeforce MMA Fight Video
New England Patriots Examiner: A list of potential draft picks the Patriots have looked at over the last month
Today the 107th Paris-Roubaix, the queen of the classics, takes place. The bike race your mother warned you about!
Rock Climbing
No chance for Tiger and Phil at Augusta - Golf - Yahoo! Sports
Buffalo Bills' Donte Whitner arrested as police stop 'near riot' - ESPN
New England Patriots Examiner: Examiner.com NFL mock draft: Patriots select Western Michigan safety Louis Delmas
Reed Johnson robs Fielder of a game tying Grand Slam
Mah!! The Meatloaf!! Randy Moller, Best Announcer In Hockey
Cabrera Wins Masters
Yankees vs Red Sox Tickets
Roger Federer Marries Miroslava Vavrinec
Go Chicago.
Bills drop ticket prices for T.O. dates
NCAA Pool Type Tourney for Stanley Cup Playoffs
NHL Playoffs Preview
Sergio Garcia is a Whiny Bitch
Usain Bolt says he doesn't use marijuana
Chelsea vs Liverpool Highlights : Champions League Highlights
Chelsea v Liverpool Live Champions League Quarter Final 2nd Leg | 14th April
Adidas Mad Clima Kansas 
Adidas Mad Clima UCLA 
Greg Paulus works out for the Packers
Top 10 NHL Plays of 2008-09
Isiah Thomas to teach student-athletes about life and basketball
Streaming Calcio: Bayern Munchen - Barcelona 20:45
Streaming Calcio: Chelsea - Liverpool FC 20:45
You know what sementic web is?
Beckett fined/suspended for trying to control pitching motion/decapitate Abreu
Watch UEFA Champions League Live Telecast Free | get valid live links of all matches on 15 April
Sick Football Tricks from Asia: Chinlone
Oscar De La Hoya Retires from Boxing
FIA rule Brawn's diffuser is legal
FC Porto v Manchester Unitedl Live Champions League Quarter Final 2nd Leg | 15th April
Time is Not on Chien-Ming Wang's Side
More Canuck fans pick Vancouver to win Cup than any other team - poll...Seriously?! Slow day in sports news.
Yardbarker Network Widget
massive Dance-off breaks out on Romanian Rugby field
Rangers Win Game 1 Against Capitals
Devils Win Game 1 Against Hurricanes
Oklahoma City Retains Brooks as Head Coach
Steve Nash. MVP On the Move?
Soccer boss chins the ref
2009 NBA Playoffs are Here: A Complete First Round Schedule
Texas Rangers and Pennant Chase?  Here's Why.
John Madden has retired?! But now who's gonna be the one to grafbjefjrararararabralrbragle?!
Sportscaster John Madden Retires
 Though deaths caused by thrown or batted balls are rare, frequent close calls, including another last week, keep the issue of ballpark safety in play
John Madden Retires...Thanksgiving has been cancelled
Testing the NBA Draft waters means players can't sink or swim
Kevin Garnett may have to sit out during playoffs for knee injury
Nice Catch: Chris Chambers
Boston Celtics GM Danny Ainge suffers heart attack
Celtics GM Danny Ainge has mild heart attack - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
Garnett out, could miss entire postseason - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
 “The mindf–k is a motherf–k. We skullf–k them b-tches.” | kissingsuzykolber.com
WADE 1 Reissue
New Yellow Card Rules in GAA
NBA Top 10 Mock Draft
Time to stop bitchin about the Celtics, and start playin
Bernie Williams Sings Take Me Out to the Ball Game
Predict NBA Playoffs first round winners 
Vijay Singh - the greatest golf shot EVER
Alex Ovechkin looks like....
Is Sean Avery Invisible?
UFC 97 Redemption Live Stream
Arenas' Talk More Affordable Than Cheap
Streaming Calcio: Genoa - Lazio 18:00
Alyonka Larionov - Igor Larionov's daughter.  
Streaming Calcio: Juventus - Inter 20:30
As if the Playoffs Weren't Enough Competition, Kobe and LeBron Now Have Competing Documentaries Coming Out
New England Patriots Examiner: New England Patriots Mock Draft (Rounds 1-3)
RIP Chuck Liddell's Career.  His last fight.
Lockdown Live Stream
Wearing Blue in the Red Zone: A Rangers Fan in Capitals Territory
New England Patriots Examiner: Are the Miami Dolphins really considering trading Ronnie Brown?
Spectacular Soccer Kid's Freestyle Moves and Kicks
Mondays with Bob Greene: She’s just a great champion
Yes, Detroit, that's what you need after an 0-16 season... A new logo!
New England Patriots Examiner: B.J. Raji follow-up: ProFootballTalk.com reports Raji tested clean at the NFL Combine
Gabriel Batistuta Batigol Football Legend - Best Goals Compilation
Cowboys Still Darlings of NFL Prime Time | The World According to MoonDog
Ray Allen helps Celtics even series against Bulls
Steroids in Boxing: Why don't people care?
Blogger posts about a club fight in Ogden, Utah and a heavyweight named Billy Zumbrun
Terrell Owens in new version of 'Superstars'
Juventus to play behind closed doors after racist chants
The Baseball Movie All-Time Roster
BEST LINE:  You could fire me out of the a-- of a rhino if it'd help get me down the face of the wave faster. —Greg Noll, settling the tow vs. paddle debate.  Images/video/article from the Billabong XXL Awards 
As draft looms, watch out for these trades
Coach K speaks at the new New York Times building
5 New Uses for the Playoff Beard
Fridgerator Hospitalized
Top 10 Offensive Linemen
Top 10 Baseball Wall Moments [Video]
Krystle Clear: Wild Info on Sam Querrey
Flip Puts The O in Official
List of National Basketball Association players with most championship rings 
after only 2 weeks of baseball - MLB All-Star Balloting Underway, vote NOW!
Ozzie Guillen Finds His First Sparring Partner of 2009
Calico Cats and Chicago Cubs Choke Jobs
New England Patriots Examiner: Where the New England Patriots stand on the NFL Draft Trade Value Chart
The Lions are the Raiders, only without the proud tradition.
Former Met Ambiorix Burgos Sentenced.  Kills 2 people, beats GF... current wife tells judge he's a good husband.
Ex-Jag WR Jimmy Smith found with crack and pot in his car
Derrick Rose is 2009 NBA Rookie of The Year
Leafs, Raptors co-launch “at least we’re better than those guys” marketing campaign
 Rev: Where Does the Passion for Speed Begin? 
Robinho wants to stay at Man City
Fans Say New Home Ignores Old Mets 
Obama r epeats desire for college football playoff
Charles Barkley As Wolverine? (Video)
Worst layup Ever
Kurt Warner and Larry Fitzgerald shake their butts for charity
Let The Flip Saunders Era Commence
Spurs seek resurrection from twilight zone
12-year-old girl throws perfect game against boys
Death of a Goon
Rick Ankiel Makes Superb Catch
New England Patriots Examiner: Are the New England Patriots trying to trade for a top 10 pick in tomorrow's draft?
Cristiano Ronaldo (and Gang) Freestyle Foobtall Compilation
New England Patriots Examiner: Patriots to use Twitter to keep fans informed during the draft
Streaming Serie B week 37 16:00
Caps dominate Rangers - Tortorella Fights Fans?
Streaming Calcio: Chievo - Udinese 18:00
Streaming Calcio: Fiorentina - Roma 20:30
Trailer for New Muhammed Ali Documentary Facing Ali 
New England Patriots Examiner: New England Patriots 2009 NFL Draft: Last second thoughts and analysis
Congratulations, San Diego Chargers
New England Patriots Examiner: New England Patriots 2009 NFL Draft: Day One Recap and Analysis
Armless and legless MMA fighter at weighins
WWE Backlash 2009 live stream
Philadelphia can't even sellout a playoff game when they give away t shirts
Snyder, of course, is the scheduling master, and his incredible feat of putting Kansas State on the map in the 1990s involved a lot of home games against inferior opponents.
The road not taken: Alex Rodriguez's career with Boston 
Feds: Former Toledo player organized point shaving - College Football - Rivals.com
Eishockey: Switzerland nip Germany in overtime
Videos of Entire 2009 Chicago Bears Draft Class
Deandre Levy pictures
8 fans injured in final-lap crash at Talladega
Andy Schleck wins Liege-Bastogne-Liege after monster attack, takes his first pro victory
Carl Edwards Goes Airborne at Talladega [HD VID]
Mondays With Bob Greene: Rafa is playing even more aggressively this year
Tatsulow New Freestyle Football Movies
Herm is Palin-esque in his ESPN gig
ESPN Retracts Retraction? The World Wide Leader in Misinformation.
Photos from Talladega, including several of Carl Edward's last lap wreck
Street Soccer Special Edition
New reddit: Sports + Video = sportsvideo
NBA Playoff Thoughts: Two Horrendous Haircuts Share An Embrace
Who will come out on top in the Champions League semis?
Rays vs Red Sox Tickets
Worst NHL Announcer EVER!
Hodgson (not Tavares) wins OHL Player of the Year
Manchester United vs Arsenal Highlights Video : Champions League Highlights
Skins Scalping Slip-up
When It Comes to the Lakers Win over the Jazz, There's the Good, the Bad and the Rosie O'Donnell
Heading for home
College Sports Examiner: Contrary to Andy Staples' take on Jeremy Tyler
List of doping cases in sport 
Bill Simmons: The Sports Guy answers key questions about the 2009 NBA playoffs
Ronaldo stamps his foot and cries like a baby
Yeah Mate Skate Mate - Winter Shorts. Oxford skateboarding at its finest, well almost.
New York Rangers coach John Tortorella says he embarrassed the organization by throwing a water bottle into the crowd at Washington
Lakers vs Cavs are the favorites to make the finals, do you think that this will happen?  Which teams might upset them on their way?
Yankees premium seats still not filled
Kentucky Derby picks and analysis article from BigTrends
F1 rule changes ::: KERS FINALLYY &amp; SLICKS are BACK
The Polish Hammer Strikes Again
Bulls vs. Celtics: A game with everything but talking dogs
First Stanley Cup ring sold for $60,000
Where amazing happens.
Portsmouth vs Arsenal Highlights Video : Premiership Highlights
Streaming Calcio: Serie B week 38 16:00
Streaming Calcio: Bologna FC - Reggina 18:00
Streaming Calcio: Real Madrid - FC Barcelona 20:00
Streaming Calcio: Inter - Lazio 20:30
Pacquiao seeks place in world boxing history 
Superb Barca destroy rivals Real
Roof collapses during Dallas Cowboys rookie training camp (5 reported injured so far, including special teams coach)
F1 can live without Ferrari
Gunther Celli Football Tricks
Liverpool vs Newcastle Highlights : Premiership Highlights
Leinster 25-6 Munster
Dallas Cowboys' practice facility collapses from storm 
New England Patriots Examiner: NFL: No truth to London Super Bowl rumors
You gotta hack, or they'll send ya back. - Rex Hudler
CBS Announcer calls Tiger Woods a loser during live interview. 3 times.
Dallas Cowboys Practice Facility Collapses - 1 Assistant Paralyzed, Serval Others Injured [VID]
NFL needs to think before acting
Mondays With Bob Greene: I hope the Williams sisters don’t come
Yankees not sure what to do with famous hole in new stadium
Jets' Greene worked his way from warehouse to NFL - NFL 
Scoring error brings Bulls closer during timeout - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
The 2009 Kentucky Derby (The Big Picture)
Jack Kemp had an unparalleled career in the AFL, guiding the Bills to a pair of titles
Cambridge United Through to the Blue Square Premier Play-Off Final After A 3-0 Win Over Stevenage
Wenger Adamant That Arsenal Will Win Against Manchester United
Opener Gautam Gambhir is the highest-placed Indian batsman at fourth while Harbhajan Singh is the top Indian bowler at sixth in the latest ICC Test Rankings issued on Monday.
Swiss eliminated despite win at hockey worlds
Best NBA Arenas To Visit
Jordan Trunner Q4
Cavs' Brown named coach of the year
Arsenal vs Manchester United Highlights Video : Champions League Highlights
Raw footage of Dallas Cowboys' training facility roof collapsing [vid]
Tales Of An American Playing Football In Austria
Top 11 effects of the Swine Flu pandemic on US sports  
Celebrating Cinco de Mayo with LaPhonso Ellis
Tennessee Vols Coach Bruce Pearl To Re-Marry, Enjoy Some Brandy
Quail Hollow is the Softest Name for a Sports Venue EVER
Does anyone know of a 24hr driving range in or around NJ?
Credit crunch threatens 6,000 UK sports clubs with closure
Denise Richards Vows Never To Sing Again, Universe Rejoices | The World According to MoonDog
 Balsillie offers to buy Coyotes: Research In Motion co-CEO wants to bail out team and then move it to Southern Ontario
Chelsea vs Barcelona Highlights
The 9 worst hitting pitchers in baseball today.  Gotta love my Mets having 2 of the 9
 How bad was that Lane Kiffin hire?
Bettman: We fix the problems. We don't run out on cities.
If in fact there was a pitch-tipping scheme, I would expect a full investigation, not just of Alex but of any player who would share information with his opponent. It is that serious.
MCKENZIE: SITUATION WITH COYOTES WILL BE MESSY
Zambrano's Mildly Tragic Mild Injury
10 Jews On A Snowboard (A Downhill Minyan)
Shaq The Big Cactus Diesel in the works to face Chuck The Iceman Liddell on the octagon canvas
Pens question curve of Ovechkin's stick blade 
Athletics meeting highlights sponsorship fears
Varlamov Can't Put Out Every Fire
Switch Pitcher: throws righty and lefty, playing minor league ball for Yankees
Deadspin - Ron Artest Once Saw A Guy Get Stabbed In The Heart 
The NBAs Playoff Commercial Remixed
Lane Kiffin signs amazing human being for 1st recruiting class at Tennessee
Source: Favre rebuffs Vikings, will stay retired - NFL 
You're hitting the wrong person. Don't you know you're hitting Ron Artest? 
Favre tells Vikings he's staying retired
Derek Fisher Suspended for Game 3
Controversy in L.A.? D-Fish Suspended; the Lakers find Another Level in Win. 
The most intimidating hockey duo ever, looking cool with the cup [pic]
The Nationals (Natinals?) suffer from yet another spelling mistake
ESPN Columnist Wants To Fleece Wizards
Expensive tournament slides into final weekend
South St. Paul Examiner: Manny Ramirez would have tested positive for pregnancy
The Nats' Kenny Powers
The Manny Effect?
Barcelona to visit L.A. Galaxy, Seattle Sounders on U.S. summer tour
Lebron's 40 footer to end the half vs Hawks - 5/08/09 - Sick.
Chosen1, Chosen2
Manny being Manny [comic]
Home Runs &amp; Hypocrisy: The Shaming of Manny Ramirez
How Sports Fans Can Save Money
How David beats Goliath
Rangers vs Celtic Highlights Video
Everton vs Tottenham Hotspur Highlights Video : Premiership Highlights
Canada beat Sweden to set up Russia repeat
West Ham United vs Liverpool Highlights Video : Premiership Highlights
The Anatomy of A Modern Ron Artest Breakdown: Part 1
Eureka Timberline 4 Outfitter Tent
Chuck Daly, legendary Pistons coach of the Bad Boys, dead at 78
The Best Part About Ron Artest Getting Ejected
New England Patriots Examiner: AFC East Power Rankings: Post-NFL Draft Edition
Button wins the 4tg race of the year in Formula 1- I feel 2009 F1 is all one man show
Russia edge Canada to win ice hockey worlds
New England Patriots Examiner: Patriots interested in veterans Ty Law and Jason Taylor; Julius Peppers deal not likely to happen
Fat-letes: The, um, BIGGEST sports stars of all-time
the steroid era [pic]
Delonte West Sock Quote
You'll Be Able to Own Part of Old Yankee Stadium
Haywood Tired of LeBron's Superstar Treatment
Windsurfing Action! A Great Tachyon XC windsurf video! « Tachyon, Inc
Red Bull Arena Update - 5/12/2009
The most boring moment in all of baseball. The mud flat exposed at its lowest ebb, is ball two.
Life Has Changed Drastically for the Minor League Catcher Who Was Assaulted by Jose Offerman. Sad story. 
John Wall impressed by (coaching) South Beach
America's Cup rivals embroiled in bitter espionage storm
Ex-player: Red Sox players are taught how to use steroids
Source: Floyd gave cash to Mayo handler - Yahoo! Sports
So that's why Mayo went to USC...
Kenyon Martin calls Mark Cuban a Faggot Motherfucker [video]
Danny Snyder Quits Smokin' With Koken
Mistake-Prone Mets Lose in the 12th
Crosby v Ovechkin: apparently theres more history then i knew...
Cubs Exercise Backsies Clause in Marquis Trade
Eureka N!ergy 1310 Family Tent
Chelsea plan to give Hiddink a silver handshake
Rays vs Yankees tickets
Tickets For Football
Eureka Eagle Point Sleeping Bag
They're Removing the Seats from the Old Yankee Stadium
Challenger K2 Inflatable Kayak Kit
Black Chinese Star Athlete
Chinook Sirocco 2-Person Tent
As Cooley As the Other Side of the Pillow
Preakness Picks &amp; Analysis from BigTrends Lexington Kentucky
Hey Sports Reddit....  I don't get the Speed Channel and I want to watch NASCAR on Saturday night.  A bar is out of the question.  What are my options?
Manchester United vs Arsenal Highlights : Premiership Highlights
Pawel Skora Freestyle Soccer Video
Chinook Whirlwind Guide 5 Fiberglass Tent
Streaming Calcio: AS Roma - Catania 18:00
Streaming Calcio: Udinese - AC Milan 20:30
Taking our original Amazing Basketball Shots to a whole new level- Ranch Style
Wenzel Beartooth Family Dome Tent
Betting That Rachel Will Run
Give Hockey (and Me) One More Shot
Mondays With Bob Greene: I thought I took all the right decisions today
Jon Gruden to replace Tony Kornheiser on MNF
Yankee Stadium Seat Removal Update - 5/18/2009
The Key to Winning in Hockey Is, Obviously, Coaching Changes -- NHL FanHouse
Best. Beard. Ever.
Drama at Indy for Andretti, Hunter-Reay - FOX Sports on MSN
Gruden replacing Kornheiser on MNF 
Dan Cleary was close to being an ex-NHL player when the league emerged from the lockout four years ago.
Watch UFC 98 Live Stream
Fight Net
Wizards Fodder For Thought
Comcast and National Football League Reach Long-Term Carriage Agreement for NFL Network 
Nuggets book WWE for May 25, same day as Game 4 vs Lakers
WWE-Nuggets feud, dream MNF booth, NBA draft: E-Mailing It In - Extra Mustard - SI.com
Battle for the Pepsi Center, WWE vs Denver Nuggets, Steel Cage match
Today FINA, swimming's international body, released a list of approved suits. And with that, swimming took its first step towards sanity or towards ruin, depending on where you stand.
WWE makes most of Denver Nuggets arena overbooking
Slapshot Soundboard. 
UFC 98 Tickets SOLD OUT! – The Solution
A Cursed Wizards Existence
The Mortician of Wizards Draft Lottery Luck
UEFA Cup Final Live - Shakhtar Donetsk vs Werder Bremen
Gheorghe Hagi - The Maradona of The Carpathians
The PR campaign: A four-point plan for Vick.  Essentially: Don't be who you really are.
Cool pics of the Giro 
Steve Larsen, probably the only professional who competed and won major races as a mountain biker, road biker and triathlete, died Tuesday evening after collapsing during a running workout.
George Brett goes off on local media  F%#k you and F%#k them.
Dude Perfect Ranch Edition, Trick Shot Mastery!
WWE moves event out of Denver due to Nuggets game.
Dwight Howard 'Shaqs' the 24 second clock vs Cleveland 5/20/2009
I want all of these post haste!
Ronaldo in trouble for pulling opponent's hair
Players express interleague angst
Interactive NES Punch-Out FTW! Video
You can golf with Anna Rawson &amp; other lovely LPGA ladies for the right price
Dwight Howard Dunks and Pulls Down the Shot Clock 
Fastpitch Softball Star Angela Tincher Signs With 3N2
Pakistan pulled fast bowler Shoaib Akhtar out of next month's World Twenty20 tournament in England due to him suffering from genital warts
Is Big Papi Finished As An Elite Slugger?
Chicago Cubs: A Century of Suck [PIC]
English Premiere League: The Best Of
Jeremy Lynch Freestyle Football
Eureka Copper Canyon 1512 Family Tent
Charles Barkley pokes LeBron James where it hurts -- the ego 
Please help: I'm looking for a clip from a Jays-Red Sox game of this guy eating a phone book sized sandwich
Through executive hires, business acumen and pitching insights, Nolan Ryan has sent the Texas Rangers’ stock soaring
Lakers win a close one to regain homecourt advantage.
Australian teams get off to a flying start in the World Water Polo League
Machida vs Evans UFC 98 Fight Video
Can Jenson Button win F1 Monaco GP?
Kobe knows it's all about stats. (pic)
Top-ranked David Taylor verbals to Penn State and Cael Sanderson!
TNA Sacrifice 2009 Live Stream
French Open Tennis, will we have a Nadal vs Federer repeat final at Roland Garros?
Watch TNA Sacrifice 2009 Online
The pleasure of hating Kobe Bryant. 
Pistol Pete....at about 4:20 in this....well, amazing stuff.
Lack of institutional control at USC?
The road to 300 wins: a breakdown
Nadal &amp; Federer through in Paris
football gridiron: Bills FB McIntyre arrested, accused of sex act
Kobe's UNSTOPPABLE game tape
Top 10 FA Cup Goals
The Interweb: Star Wars Bathroom and Charlie Steiner’s Sweet Science
Chinese Investors Buying Stake in Cleveland Cavaliers
Canseco's debut MMA fight [video]
baseball is sometimes lethal.
The Myth of Trading Antawn Jamison
Vitor Meira's Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Indy 500
Danica Patrick should stay away from NASCAR (for now)
Lakers need more than just Kobe Bryant and Pau Gasol
Is Manny Ramirez Really All That Bad?
Belmont Stakes Tickets 2009
Bobby Jenks And His Claim To History
US Open Golf Tickets Bethpage
WWE Smackdown Van Dam Vs. Ohio Police, 2006 Marijuana Bust Video
Jose Canseco Loses MMA Fight
Barcelona vs Manchester United Highlights
Rapper Trina Denies Kobe Bryant Affair | The World According to MoonDog
Gachnang puts her foot to the pedal
The Sports Documentary - now with subtitles
Barcelona takes UCL 2-0
 The Mind of Maurice Clarett.  He has a blog and he wants to play football again.
Treble winners: Cup, League and Champions, we've got a name everybody knows: Barça, Barça, Baaarça
Charlie Manuel Believes Phillies Fans Need To Boo More
Fran Tarkenton will not be welcoming Brett Favre to Minnesota
Man Utd fail to retain crown - Barcelona wins the Champions League!
Does anyone else realize the tragedy of sports? You cheer for a team and almost always, you're just setting yourself up for heartbreak...
Eureka Northern Breeze Screen House Tent
One-handed hoops star lands D-I scholarship
Mets are on a different calendar... It counts down, but to what!?!??  (See braves and orioles games)
No Shortage of DC Athlete Support for Vick
Don't wanna be like Mike
The word Pregnant should never be used in Football News.
Analysis of the Zambrano Ejection Reaction
No need for a college degree when you can play basketball in Europe
Red Bull Arena Tour - 5/28/2009
Scientists help Fina out of swimsuit deep water
The Stanley Cup: This iconic silver trophy, which is handed out each year to hockey's champion, carries with it the marks of another, quieter history — decades of botched spellings, spacing gaffes, repeated words and the unsightly results of attempts to fix them.
Indian Tennis Babe Sania Mirza To Enter Into Arranged Marriage
Florida's Urban Meyer a Wuss, Georgia's Mark Richt a Man
Maurice Clarett, the former Ohio State football star who blew a chance at stardom, has taken to blogging at the Toledo Correctional Institution
College Sports Examiner: When a DUI isn't really a DUI at all
Detroit Tigers, Luke Scott is Your Father!
Pepper, May 29
Kobe's Lakers into Finals – your turn, LeBron 
Dodgers keep winning without slugger - Manny being A-Roid?
“It’s never Junior. It’s always the crew chief,” said Busch, who wonders when fans might finally blame NASCAR’s most popular driver for his slumping start.
Wenzel Beartooth Family Dome Tent
Evaluating Juan Dixon in 2008-09
Strasburg should get used to struggle - MLB - Nat's potential #1 overall pick
Goalie Matchup: Fleury vs. Osgood
Donald Sterling Must Die
Lebron James: Cleveland or New York?
Ten Plays from Last Year's Stanley Cup Finals to Get You Pumped
Larry King Sings The 7th Inning Stretch At Wrigley(Video)
It's Good to Have Nicklas Lidstrom Back
Detroit Red Wings, Tigers, and Lions analysis 5/31/09
Armstrong's Astana team still in doubt for Tour de France
Is this a Disneyland vs. Disney World matchup?   Jameer Nelson who led the Magic in points to victories over the Lakers this season is still out.
Giro d’Italia - As Giro Nears End, Contador Watch Starts
100 Must-Visit Baseball Travel Destinations
The weekend college sports round up
Pete Maravich - Ironically, at the age of 25 and years before his death, Maravich had told Pennsylvania reporter, Andy Nuzzo, I don't want to play 10 years in the NBA and then die of a heart attack at 40.
Girls Who Play Boys Who Don't Think Girls Should Play Boys
YouTube - Evgeni Malkin fights Henrik Zetterberg, Talbot Spears Osgood
NBA commissioner David Stern reaching out to LeBron James on media snub - ESPN
Shaq's legacy binds Magic, Lakers 
Magic players: PG Nelson will play in NBA finals
Acknowledging anxiety made Greinke a torchbearer - MLB
Crazy Ray Allen and Rajon Rondo to Phoenix trade rumor
WWE Extreme Rules 2009 Live Stream
Chicago based Aon new Man United sponsor?
Leroy Smith - The Man Who Motivated Michael Jordan
Atlanta Braves trade for Pirates all-star OF Nate McLouth
Queensland wins State of Origin
The Epic Tale of Eddie Jordan: Connections, Relationships, and the Basketball Community
Kazakhstan vs England Live
NCAA Division I football is making something like a $2-billion annual enterprise and it's not being taxed?
Red Wings' PK puts Cup chances at risk.
Satchel Paige | The Life and Times of an American Legend
NBA 2K 2010 Cover Athlete revealed - Kobe Bryant in a Knicks uniform!
Baseball's LeBron: Bryce Harper
NFL Team of the Decade
What happens to the hats thrown on the ice after a hat trick?
SUPERMAN TIME!!
Anyone have stats on this? Does the NBA/NFL/MLB make more money on an average playoff gameday, or on the average regular season gameday?
Cold Steel Gunsite 5 Inch Knife
Who will challenge Klitshcko on June 20?
New technique developed to evaluate basketball players 
free Belmont Picks and Analysis from the BigTrends experts
Manny Burriss Puts On For DC Sports (including the Wizards)
Rick Barry berates radio host for cutting down Kobe
 George Best Tribute
Laue's drive can't be denied
IF U LOVE BASKETBALL U HAVE TO CHECK THIS OUT
Kazakhstan vs England Highlights
Netherlands beats England in a stunning last ball win in ICC T20 World Cup Cricket 
Shaq Trashes Howard, Wants the Magic to get Swept, Karim responds, Sometimes I wonder about his maturity
Step Aside Freddy &amp; Jason, Kobe Bryant is Lurking in the Woods...
Ten Best Tennis Players Never To Win A Grand Slam
After Sports Illustrated calling players The Chosen One 13 times in the past 4 years, that phrase might have lost some meaning
U.S. rallies to beat Honduras in World Cup qualifier
Kendra Wilkinson shows us how her stripper... um, sports pole works
Federer deserves to be called the greatest, says Agassi 
Informative comparison of the European and American methods of training basketball players
Lil' Dez Teases Lebron About Not Making it to NBA Finals 
French Open finally goes in Federer's favour
The break of the curveball   Best Visual Illusion of the Year Contest
ESPN's OTL reported a potential Tennessee recruiting violation commited with the help of ESPN.
Roger Federer wins French Open - Tennis - SI.com
Funny Sports Signs 
Top 20 Most Annoying Fans at the Ballpark
Rangers owner Tom Hicks Kops the blame for problems at Liverpool
Shaq vs. Dwight Howard on Twitter, and What It Means for Sports
What is it about College Baseball?
YouTube - Roger Federer has fan jump onto court in French Open Final.  Guy gets tackled.
Charlotte - Female Football Freestyle Star
Yankee Stadium Memorabilia - Ruth built it, George and the boys are going to squeeze every last penny from it.
Eureka Mountain Pass 3XTE Tent
The Kobe No Means No shirt
Baseball Game Etiquette
I Guess Vince Young Was Right, Someone Does Want Him To Play Ball
Home sweet home will help Pens survive Game 6
MLB: I'm sorry, Greinke and Santana
Today's Tweets: Jalen Rose feuds with beat writer Doug Smith via Twitter
Alex Rios hates your constructive criticism. Curses Fan out, Video
HemiGirl's heart is with Boston, refuses to play for New York Lingerie Football League team
Cal football figures out way to fund earthquake-proofing of stadium - charging season ticket holders $225,000 PSLs
Incite a riot at a bar, punch your body guard, get arrested multiple times, and you just still might have a spot on the Cowboys!  (Yes, they are considering taking Pacman back.)
The Philadelphia Eagles owe the city $8 million in luxury box revenue from since-demolished Veterans Stadium.
Keep Harold Baines Away from Your Children, Bonderman Makes His 1st Start, and Kobe Bryant's Ridiculous Face
VID Jays Alex Rios Is Clearly Not In The Mood To Sign Autographs 
Football Recruiting: ESPN's Tom Luginbill on Penn State's Class of 2010
List of Unwritten Rules in Baseball
Ingredients Of An L.A. Presser With Lamar Odom
Kaka may be the most expensive, but is he the world's best?
Why the MLB Draft will never be on par with the NFL or NBA
A Datsyuk with destiny - NHL's least marketable superstar.
Lane Kiffin does not care about your silly NCAA rules
Report: Tim Floyd resigns as USC Trojans basketball coach
Stuart Scott is Ruining Sports Broadcasting...What a Hack
The MLB Round One Draft 
Exclusive Josh Hamilton on Dealing with Surgery without Narcotics with Special Guests
Style Points Radio: 790 the Zone Interviews John Daly
How the NBA is Using Social Media
10 Incredible Slam Dunks - Get Posterized
Pau Gasol admits to being a total pussy
I Want: This Reebok Vector O-Bat 
Fans yawn at A-Rod tell-all
Manny visits Dodger teammates 
Gilbert Arenas: Losing Weight and Rubio
Jay Paterno: From Penn State sidelines to Senate seat?
2009 NBA Draft Preview: First Ten Selections - Associated Content
Lakers must stop a monster
Josh Hamilton's past might still haunt him - MLB - Stupid Crack.
Real Madrid Offers Record $131M For Ronaldo -  Ronaldo to Madrid on the Heels of Kaka.
Adult film company makes offer to put ads on Houston Texans practice jerseys
NHL: Firewall Breach Responsible For Wings' Cup Champ Gear On Site
Former NBA Ref Tim Donaghy to Be Released from Prison
Why is the Zamboni so slowww?
Steve Nash on Letterman, embedded NBA Finals Reporter, Video
Skin game: 'ESPN' takes on 'SI' by posing athletes in the nude
Derrick Rose’s Gang Signs Don’t Spell S-A-T (Photo)
On Derrick Rose, Gang Signs, and Chicago
Dwight Howard Lands on EA Sports NBA Live 10 Cover
 Fisher's big shots help Lakers win Game 4
Pietrus awaits review of foul on Gasol
A gull intervenes to help the Indians win
UFC 99 weigh-in video and results
Falcons release suspended QB Michael Vick
Barry Brunetti visting Penn State today
Penn State in mix for dual-threat QB Robert Bolden
Cocaine ring broken up at Idaho golf course
The Slow Starts Are Now Just Bad Seasons
Former NBA referee Tim Donaghy to be released from prison; claims he was beaten by mobbed up inmate 
Q Trent Green retires after 15 seasons 
Alonzo Mourning Gives Phil Jackson Almost No Credit (AUDIO)
University Of Minnesota's Football Games Will Be Even More Boring This Fall
Ruslan Fedotenko Rules
Lost in Derek Fisher's Moment, was Kobe Bryant's.
From the what took them so long? dept: Atlanta Falcons cut ties with former QB Michael Dogfighter Vick
Lady Vols Promote Peace Through Hoops | The World According to MoonDog
J.R. Richard is a forgotten pitching great from the 70s (all-time fastest recorded slider @98mph) whose career was shortened by a stroke. Who are some other Would-Have-Been-Hall-Of-Famers?
Oh, Those Mets.....
Talbot's 2 lift Penguins to Stanley Cup title - NHL - Yahoo! Sports
LPGA player tees off, gets birdie
On Bradley, Ibanez, And Old/New Media War
Penn State making inroads into WPIAL again
Vince Young calls September incident embarrassing
The stigma of better free throw shooting
YouTube - 7th Floor Crew Music Video - Miami Football Team Rap
Lakers vs Magic Game 5
Boxing Vs MMA - Who Gets Knockerd Out.
LA Lakers @ ORL Magic, meciul 5 din playoff 2009
Will Yankee pitching ever dominate? 
Penn State Sports Pinching $9,100 million Pennies
No assistant football coaches on Penn State salary list?
Run, Steve, run
Hockey Night in Canada's 2009 Stanley Cup Tribute Video
American League Psycho
DeJuan Blair Is Ready For Battle
Harper Ready To Give College Try
Is FanNation Funnier When...
Mondays With Bob Greene: I've had good times and bad times | TennisGrandstand
K-Rod gets into it with Yankees player before game - and in print
Umpire ejects entire crowd during baseball game
WHYGAVS Ticket Drawing - Free Pirates Tickets
The road to the 2012 London Olympics is paved with...skulls?
MLBers might be playing in 2016 Olympics
Joe Buck to make his HBO talk show debut tonight. His first guest: Brett Favre.
Tennis officials trying to silence female players' grunting
Spinal Damage Blamed For Misawa's In-Ring Death | 24Wrestling.com
Officers hurt as Lakers title celebration gets wild
How the Washington Wizards Turned Around the Lakers' Season
Judge rejects sale of Coyotes to Balsillie 
Roll the Credits, the Lakers are NBA Champions
Confirmation Of Stereotypes: Joe Buck
Beckhams Receive Apology From Former Nanny
Ryan Leaf a Wanted Man in Texas
BWAWK! The Famous Chicken might be ready to retire.
The Flying Knee Knockout
Fiscal Responsibility: LA Angels
Hedo Turkoglu Will Opt Out of Contract; Would He Be A Good Fit with Detroit?
Bill Laimbeer's NBA Coaching Career Most Likely Won't Begin in Detroit
The Mets Don’t Just Lose, They Lose Badly
Sprinter's talent spotted as he ran for a bus - now he's aiming for Olympics
Is this High School Sophomore ready for the Big Leagues?
When Will the Tigers Put an End to the D-Train?
Del Bosque: English influence has helped Spain
First Ever 3D Fantasy Football League
Porn star's mom used to work as secretary for very religious ex-Cleveland Browns coach Sam Rutigliano (with SFW pics - of the porn star, not of Rutigliano)
Hockey mystery: What's with the logo on bottom of the Cup?
Settling for Par -  Study Finds PGA Pros Play It Safe in Putting - Risk Analysis
Surfing: jet ski wipeout - tehaupo. Is that Jet Ski going to hit my head?
Who's Leaking The Names on MLB's 104 List? | The World According to MoonDog
Eddie Van Halen sues Nike over new shoe design
Favre Fiasco Has Gone Too Far
 McEnroe tantrums
Experimental Thinking: Would Brandan Wright fit in Portland? 
5 years ago----- Krzyzewski rebukes lucrative Lakers offer - NBA - ESPN
24 Hour Ghetto Workout
Video: Penn State's Joe Paterno on ESPN's College Football Live
Does Bill Laimbeer Really Have NO Shot at Coaching in the NBA?
David Price's mantle is going to be a little less clustered
WI tour: Sachin, Zaheer rested, Nehra recalled
Detroit Tigers Lose 4th in a Row While Failing to Score 4 Runs Once Again
Watch TNA Slammiversary 2009 Live Stream
Sehwag's absence badly hurt India: Ganguly
Buchanan sacked as Knight Riders coach
A new North Miami high school will be named after former NBA star Alonzo Mourning, rather than the first female U.S. Attorney General, Janet Reno.
U.S. Open Live Leaderboard
Cleveland Seagulls Cost Man $21,750. Life Lesson? Never Bet On the Royals
2009-2010 College Football Bowl Schedule | The World According to MoonDog
How to Make Golf Exciting
Groundskeeper has close call with tarp - Video
Nadal's struggle leaves Wimbledon in doubt - Tennis - Yahoo! Sports
Jose Canseco's girlfriend also to start boxing career
I think Eric Berry will be next year's #1 Draft pick
Penn State Clips: Bobby Bowden and Florida State Football to Lose 14 Wins
NFL suspends Stallworth for fatal car accident 
Donte' Stallworth | DUI Manslaughter Conviction Ends NFL Career
F1 teams to set up rival series
League explains its anti-gambling stance... sort of
Penguins coach Bylsma gets call from Obama
F1 teams form breakaway series
Hockey Legend Guy Lafleur to have criminal record
Top Ten Athletes With Illegitimate Kids
The Hoop Doctors NBA Mock Draft 2009: “The Last Word”
Afridi stars as Pakistan thrash South Africa to enter final
FIA to sue over breakaway attempt
Nadal drops out of Wimbledon. 
The 15 Worst Sports Dads of All-Time
Shocking! Defending Wimbledon, Rafael Nadal, withdraws from Wimbledon citing knee tendinitis, paving way for Roger Federer as #1.
Yao Ming says Cleveland move unknown - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
Defending champ Nadal withdraws from Wimbledon - Tennis - Yahoo! Sports
Goodell Stepping Up - Stiff Penalties for NFL DUIs
Pens coach Bylsma nearly had to ask Obama to call back - Puck Daddy - NHL - Yahoo! Sports
The five most ridiculous Chris Berman quotes from the U.S. Open - Devil Bal... - Golf - Yahoo! Sports
1st Chinese person to win an NBA title I believe.
US Open rainy day pics
Bryant says he's staying with Lakers - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
The time has come to honor Satchel Paige and rename the Cy Young
Golf show profiles Texas man whose shot killed dad
Junior hockey prospect (projected late 1st to 2nd round) being tried for manslaughter
Tevez leaving United :(
White Sox minor-leaguer throws 7-inning no-hitter
Fernando Valenzuela Pitching -- Corn Flakes
Rafael Nadal withdraws from Wimbledon
Show-off touchdown fail (pic)
How freaking awesome... playing video games on the Dallas Cowboys' 11,200 square foot big screen 
Championship leader Jenson Button has virtually written off his chances of winning Sunday's British Grand Prix.
Meet Brenna Sakas, Anna Rawson's GoDaddy TV ad co-star (w/pics)
Tiger's 'Sunday red' becomes his 'third round red' - Devil Ball Golf - Golf - Yahoo! Sports
Kansas City Chiefs players have lost 340 pounds - Sports Rumors - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
RealClearSports - Top 10 Father/Child Athletes
Amazing Street Basket Ball Tricks/CG!
Federer aims to fall in 15 love
Are the Wheels Coming Off of Formula One?
World Twenty20 title a gift to Pakistan: Younis
The NBA's Most Entertaining Players of All-Time
Can Roger Federer Win His 6th Wimbledon Crown? - Associated Content
Federer returns to Wimbledon with a win
Mark Cuban wants ESPN to create a blacklist of sports blogs to ignore
Coming soon - the William &amp; Mary Fighting Asparagus?
Preview of the College World Series Championship Series
Prospect and Draft Pick Updates
Aussie Rules football player lets his didgeridoo out on live TV
Top Ten NBA Draft Busts | The World According to MoonDog
Pittsburgh Pirates Prospect: Chase D'Arnaud
Zuzana's poolates exercises
Jordy Smith's Landmark Rodeo Flip
What is this?  Leroy Smith - The Man Who Motivated Michael Jordan
The schedule won't keep Notre Dame out of the BCS -- but it won't let the I...
Pittsburgh Pirates Notebook: Home field advantage
10 reasons to take up golf
Primera Liga Tickets Guide - Guaranteed Cheapest Prices On The Net
Asylum Editor Motocross Fail: or A lesson in how to avoid being killed whilst on dirt bike for first time
Memphis, Kentucky Chasing Top 2011 Hoops Prospects
Gina Carano chokes out a TV host
Amazing basketball tricks
Richard Jefferson traded to the Spurs
Jets' Rex Ryan acknowledges toughest foe: Dyslexia
2009 NBA Mock Draft
Five funny pictures from the U.S. Open
Game 70 Live Blog: Pirates vs Indians
Supermodel Joanna Krupa PUNKS Terrell Owens in New Show Superstars
The Cubs Are Considering Pedro Martinez Because They're Worried About Rich Harden
Lakers won't make Phil Jackson coach any away games next season.
Deadspin - This Is Outstanding
Surfing this summer? might want to have a quick read of this First-Time Surfers Cautioned About Rare Spinal Injury ABC News
Hahahahahaahaha!!!  Fuck Terrel Owens!
Danny's not trying to trade Rondo, he's trying to keep him
Top 10 Unusual Feats of Strength 
T.O. gets cursed out by Joanna Krupa on ABC's Superstars
Avert your eyes! The new Oregon Ducks football uniforms have been leashed upon the world!
One of these is Ovechkin...
Chelios says he wants to play in NHL next season
Junior Jordan dropping basketball for studies
U.S. sends shockwaves across Europe with win against Spain
US men shock the soccer world
Draft buzz: Cavs closer to getting Shaq? - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
LSU Tigers win NCAA Baseball Championship
Wizards-Timberwolves Trade React Quotes Part II
Stunning Victory by U.S. Soccer Team Was a Miracle on Grass  
Blockbuster: Suns Trade Shaquille O'Neal to Cavs
Worst ever decision by a referee?  Bradley wins the ball in a strong challenge and is shown a straight red.  I'd argue in England that might not even be a foul, it's a good strong challenge  Let's hope that FIFA overrules this atrociously bad decision.
US shock Spain in CONFED cup!
Shaquille O'NealÂ traded to Cleveland Cavaliers - NBA - SI.com
Draft Day...The Clippers are bound to screw this one up!
Shaq\James - a happy couple?
The World's Coolest Tennis Court
US Soccer win over Spain in Confederation Cup already Nominated for Best Upset ESPY
Round One 2009 NBA Draft Results
Pittsburgh Pirates Notebook: Lynchburg Hillcats Pics
2009 Detroit Pistons Draft Picks
Pistons Apparently Hoping to Save Money on Groceries
Is this the new galaticos era for Real Madrid?
WWE The Bash Live Stream
Grizzlies Draft Card Earns An A
Harbaugh and Newsome Mysteriously On the Same Page
NBA Draft: Best Undrafted Players
Denver Broncos News: WR C.J. Jones Acquired
Max Mosley, F1’s answer to the Grinch.
Midwest Ski Film Festival 2009
Potential Mike Singletary Motivation Techniques | Niner Noise | A San Francisco 49ers Blog
Royals' Ponson tested positive for stimulant
Recapping Ian Snell's Comments
Will A-Rod, Manny Ramirez be great without steroids? 
Pittsburgh Pirates Notebook: Big Weekend for the Pirates
Entire wall of the new Cowboys Stadium splits open
Yuvraj's century leads India to victory
Crash with Ballperson Wimbledon 2009
A possible change in the currently submitted 2010 F1 grid.
Game 74 Live Blog: Pirates vs Royals
Ex-NBA Legend David Robinson Buys Stake in Food Service
Tiger Woods' Visit to Canada for Nike Golf Invitational Raises Money for Charity
Excellent Freestyle Football Video Production
Royals pitcher Sidney Ponson tests positive for appetite suppressant,banned from international competition for two years.
Pittsburgh Pirates Notebook: Nate McLouth Part 2?
God Bless America: The most dangerous song in sports
St. Louis Cardinals acquire Mark DeRosa from Cleveland Indians 
Roid Rage: Fan says Phillies pitcher J.C. Romero assaulted him over steroids remark

If you believe in more miracles, here's how U.S. can beat Brazil
Federer, Williams resume bids for 6th Wimbledons 
Any redditers know a reliable place to watch NFL games online? Used to have Sunday Ticket but canceled DirecTV after they displayed incompetence of such incredible magnitude I got it on Consumerist.
Former Duke Player Williams Chooses Memphis
Ex-NBAer Alonzo Mourning Returns as Heat Executive
Mark DeRosa has been traded to the Cardinals... Nooo! As a Cubs fan, this may be the culmination of a worst case scenario.
Brandon Inge Makes Jose Valverde Eat Dirt
Pittsburgh Pirates Notebook: The classic debate
I tried to watch the title game between the US and Brazil.  I really did, but after 5 minutes of that incessant buzzing I shut the game off.
Jeter recovers from flu, Damon not so lucky
2009 Wimbledon Championships Day 7 Preview | Live Tennis Guide
The World of Isaac: MARINERS GM TAKES ADVICE FROM FANS
Nausea after exercise, is running induced vomiting normal?
Yao Ming will likely miss the entire next season and possibly beyond. 
Wimbledon officials play down flu fears
Top 11 reasons why Jimmy Rollins has sucked this year 
Ex-Phillies catcher Darren Daulton has done a whole lotta drugs
How will a refueling ban affect the 2010 F1 season?
UFC 100 Live Stream
Top 10 remaining NFL free agents
Chad Pennington goes shirtless for magazine shoot
Is Kenny Perry the new Vijay Singh?
Court paper says Jackson died intestate
How Michael Jackson helped start the Patriots dynasty
Murray wins late-night thriller
Germany vs England UEFA Under 21 (4 - 0) goals video highlights
China vs Australia live streaming basketball match June 30
ATP Challenger Braunschweig live streaming day 1 match June 30
Wimbledon live streaming day 4 Grand Slams match June 30
Dart und Dartscheiben
Watch Francesca Schiavone vs Elena Dementieva Live Streaming! Wimbledon 2009 Live Streaming
Watch Venus Williams vs Agnieszka Radwanska Live Streaming! Wimbledon 2009 Live Streaming!
Boston Celtics Affiliated with New NBDL Team
Watch Victoria Azarenka vs Serena Williams Live Streaming! Wimbledon 2009 Live Streaming!
Top 10 non-MLB home plate collisions 
Top 10 compliments an athlete never wants to hear 
Burress, Vick likely to be punished, report says - Commissioner considering keeping both players off the field
Tennis Shoes
Armstrong set for Tour support role 
Ed and Charles O'Bannon, on camera again.  Kinda funny.
Yao: career in doubt-1st Tightrope Walk across Niagara
No qualifying offer for Charlie Villanueva from the Milwaukee Bucks.
A Better Wizards Locker Room Without Etan Thomas
Point, Counter-Point: Why The Hell Did The Wizards Select Cash In The Second Round?
More Athletes Dealing With Social Anxiety Disorder
Stephen Curry is Welcome in the Bay
Why Max Mosley shouldn’t be let anywhere near F1.
Red Sox owner John Henry celebrates his wedding by giving out bobbleheads of himself &amp; his new bride
Earnhardt Jr. will get back on track at Daytona
Anna Kournikova Gets into Vegas Bar Fight
NHL stars still poised to rake in big bucks
It's déjà vu all over again in San Diego
Headbanging Dallas Cowboys put heavy back in heavy metal
Honda Indy adds Kiss classic
Twitter Updates: Lynchburg Hillcats Game
NYR center Scott Gomez traded to the Montreal Canadiens for Chris Higgins
Atlanta Braves 7-0 when Francoeur wears his lucky turkey underwear
Broncos WR Brandon Marshall expresses his true feelings about Denver: I hope I get traded. I hate this f****** city.
The 10 Most Awesome Mullets In Baseball History
Kobe Bryant won't opt out of his contract with Lakers 
Pistons Fire Head Coach Michael Curry
Pistons Fire Michael Curry, But Why Now?
Red Sox botch 10-1 lead in 7th, lose to Orioles
2009 NBA Free-Agents - Who Will Sign Them?
Murray winning Wimbledon will make him Beckham of tennis world with 100 mln pound deal
BBC SPORT | Football | Europe | Real Madrid roll out red carpet for Kaka
Watch Live Lleyton Hewitt vs Andy Roddick Online Streaming! Wimbledon 2009 Men’s Singles Quarterfinals Live!

Charlie Villanueva could make Cavs legit contenders
Deal Tracker for outdoor gear
Jared Gaither Joins the Interwebs
Contrary to popular belief, Lance Stephenson will go to college
MLB Approval Still Murky as 'Moneyball' Circles the Drain
Shane Carwin vs. Cain Velasquez Likely for October's UFC 104
The 10 Hottest Women of Wimbledon 2009
Blackhawks pry Hossa from Wings with 12-year deal - NHL 
A Comprehensive Calculation of the Short Comings of Baseball--Or, Why the Sport is Really a Game.
Elite Cage Fight: UFC 37.5: Vitor Belfort vs Chuck Liddell |
New members should be added to the Superdome's Wall of Fame
This might be the most unfortunate name for a ballplayer ever. 
Pittsburgh Pirates Prospect: Jorge Bishop
Pittsburgh Pirates Prospect: Exicardo Cayonez
Pittsburgh Pirates Prospect: Gift Ngoepe
Glen Sather buys US$37.5-million glass statue.
Pittsburgh Pirates Prospect: Ramon Cabrera
Watch Dinara Safina Vs Venus Williams Live Streaming Tennis Online|Wimbledon Women's Semi Fina
Pittsburgh Pirates Notebook: The Pursuit of Hanley Pujols
NK Slaven Koprivnica vs Birkirkara live streaming football July 2
Randers FC vs Linfield live streaming UEFA qualifying match July 2
Is dry humping in goal-scoring celebrations a yellow-card offense?
ATP Challenger Braunschweig live streaming day 2 match July 2
Cubs Acquire Jeff Baker From Rockies?
The hardest golf holes in the world
Around the Majors: July 1: Verlander, Kershaw, Hamels &amp; More
Watch Dinara Safina vs Venus Williams Live Streaming! Wimbledon 2009 Women's Semifinals Live!
The NBA Returns To Albany, NY
Watch Serena Williams vs Dementieva Live Stream! - docstoc collections
A collection of Wimbledon live streams
Landon Donovan batters Beckham in new book
71-year-old ex-boxing champ beats up 23-year-old knife-wielding would-be burglar
Is Mercedes hedging its F1 bets with a possible Brawn GP corporate tie up?
Tips for outdoor sports PICS
Marquette University's home/away/repeat Big East opponents announced
Cubs will climb back into NL Central race against Brewers
Kurt Warner Doesn't Call the Signals at Home
How to stay on the single track (PICS)
Ariza may leave LA
6 Questions with Felice L'il Bulldog Herrig
Shaq's Danny Ferry joke
All-Williams Final at Wimbledon: 'It's so exciting' (pic)

One-time All-Star forward Ron Artest tells CBSSports.com senior writer Ken Berger he'll be signing with the Lakers. 
Pickup Game with Michael Jordan, Reggie Miller, Dennis Rodman
MLB.TV Premium: Is it worth it?
How the Rays Will Fleece Florida
Padres game delayed due to bee swarm [vid]
Artest says he’s signing with Lakers
It ended when a beekeeper obliterated a ball of bees that followed a queen bee under a ballgirl’s jacket that was slung over the back of a chair down the left-field line.
Artest going to Lakers - Worldnews.com
J. Murray/Huber vs Dlouhý/Benešová live streaming video July 3
Pittsburgh Pirates Prospect Watch 7/2/09
Stosur/Stubbs vs Medina/Ruano live streaming video July 3
Black/Huber vs S. Williams/V. Williams live streaming tennis July 3
Andy Roddick vs Andy Murray live streaming video July 3
Tommy Haas vs Roger Federer live streaming tennis Wimbledon July 3
Watch Andy Roddick vs Andy Murray Live Streaming! Wimbledon 2009 Men's Singles Semifinal!
Watch Andy Roddick Vs Andy Murray Live Streaming Tennis Online|Wimbledon Semi Final
Watch Roger Federer Vs Tommy Hass Live Streaming Tennis Online|Wimbledon Semi Finals
Roger Federer Vs Tommy Hass Live Streaming Tennis Online|Wimbledon Semi Final
Watch West Indies Vs India 3rd ODI Live Streaming Cricket Online
Ron Artest Shouldn't Be a Laker!
West Indies Vs India 3rd ODI Live Streaming Cricket online
10 tips for overcoming first tee nerves
Main Event in WSOP starts today!
UFC 100 Live Stream
Ed Butowsky
Watch Andy Murray vs Andy Roddick Live Streaming! Wimbledon 2009 Men's Singles Semifinal!
Watch Andy Murray vs Andy Roddick Live Streaming! - docstoc collections
I believe nicotine plus caffeine equals protein. - Great golf quotes

Max Mosely and Bernie Ecclestone – the Two Best Men for the Job?
It's not what Burke did, but rather didn't do
Florida State argues giving up wins over cheating scandal is unfair - ESPN
Manny set to return to Dodgers Friday night
Artest Says He Is Headed to the Lakers.
Tigers and Twins battle for first in Central
Canada vs Jamaica live streaming video Gold Cup soccer July 3
Costa Rica vs El Salvador live streaming Gold Cup soccer July 3
Agassi, Clijsters suit up for World Team Tennis
Serena, Federer should reign supreme in Wimbledon Finals
Federer storms into another final
Live Score-West Indies vs India, 3rd ODI
Amazing Skater, high air
I trust everyone is ready for the greatest sporting event of the year tomorrow....
Manny Ramirez apologizes to fans, won't talk about steroids -  
Watch Venus Williams Vs Serena Williams Live Streaming Tennis Online|Wimbledon Final
Venus Williams Vs Serena Williams Live Streaming Tennis Online|Wimbledon 2009 Final Live
Pittsburgh Pirates Prospect Watch 7/3/09
Bob Bryan/Mike Bryan vs Daniel Nestor/Nenad Zimonjic live streaming July 4
Check out Tour de France 2009 Route and TV Schedule
Canadian American Football Player does MJ death celebration!
Watch Roger Federer Vs Andy Roddick Live Streaming Tennis Online|Wimbledon 2009 Final
Venus Williams v Serena Williams - Wimbledon Tennis Championships 2009 - Live Online
Roger Federer Vs Andy Roddick Live Streaming Tennis Online|Wimbledon 2009 Final
West Indies v India,One Day International - Live Online on Your Pc
Tiger Woods doesn't golf for fun.
Serena beats sister Venus in Wimbledon final 
Manny did the time, but what about the crime? 
Serena beats Venus in Wimbledon
Wlliams sisters: Rulers of tennis
Colts Still Gone
Kobe beef - Kobe Bryant was named after this.
SI.com - The Fortunate 50
Tiger Woods takes swipe at Yankee Stadium prices, boosts free admission for kids at his tourney - ESPN
Are the 2009 regulation changes to encourage overtaking in F1 a total failure?
The Associated Press: Former NFL quarterback McNair killed in Tennessee
Steve Mcnair Dead
Fireworks Display
NCAA career passing yards leader, ex-Hawaii QB Chang arrested
Another Jay's pitcher on the DL, Richmond this time.
F1 boss Ecclestone faces criticism over Hitler comments
The Winning Shot
Kobe Bryant Honored as 'Global Ambassador'
Ex-NFL QB Steve McNair, woman found slain in Tenn. - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Game 82 Live Blog: Pirates at Marlins
B.U.C.C.O. Fans.com: New Site Design
Sports forum with great sports talk
Sahel Kazemi photo.
Details shed new light on McNair death |
Sergei claimed he and tennis star Anna Kournikova were married in 2001, but later divorced in 2003.[11] However, Kournikova's representatives deny any marriage to Fedorov. - Wut?
Retired NFL QB Steve McNair killed in murder-suicide by 20-year-old woman
Roger Federer Wins Wimbeldon
A Disgustingly sad lover's quarrel, that's my opinion.
Woods wins his tournament with a late birdie
Pittsburgh Pirates Prospect Watch 7/5/09
Pittsburgh Pirates Notebook: Five Big Surprises
NBAer Hedo Turkoglu Lured by Toronto's Turkish Community
Steve McNair's Wife: Mechelle McNair (Photo)
Getting To Know Your Potential Washington Wizards
Tim Wakefield an All-Star rookie at age 42
Koblenz vs 1. FC Cologne live online video friendly match July 6
Game 83 Live Blog: Pirates at Astros
How to practice soccer skills and soccer moves like Cristiano Ronaldo, Ronaldinho or Zidane
Tennis: Should Wimbledon introduce a 5th set tiebreak?
Rangers to take back first place from the Angels
The Manny subplot
McNair murder case gets interesting
Dana White prepares to celebrate UFC 100
Contest: Make a Game, Win a Game...Win Free Cornhole Boards, Washer Games, or other oudoor games.
Jeff Fisher's poignant press conference regarding the death of Steve McNair
Kobe Bryant to attend Michael Jackson's memorial service
What's next for Andy Roddick?
The 10 Fattest Guys In The NFL
Video: Tiger Woods interviews Tiger Woods: 
JaVale McGee Is A Transformer
WTA Budapest live online video tennis day 2 match July 7
WTA Bastad live stream video tennis day 2 match July 7
Pittsburgh Pirates Prospect Watch 7/6/09
The Other A-Rod
Pittsburgh Pirates Notebook: Three Roster Situations
2K Sports Reveals New Edition of NBA 2K10
Adebayor commits his future to Arsenal
UFC 100
Watch Jamaica vs Costa Rica Live Streaming! CONCACAF Gold Cup 2009 Live Streaming
AC Milan sign Oguchi Onyewu.  As a US soccer fan, I am excited.  We finally have a player on a top team.  I hope he gets some serious playing time.  Good luck, Gooch.
UFC 100 : Lesnar Vs Mir and St-Pierre Vs Alves 
Wallace gives Celtics 'K.G. Insurance' - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
RIP - French tennis player Mathieu Montcourt died Monday night at the age of 24 - cause of death unknown.
Urban Meyer probably leaving Gators job after season
Paintball Gun Case, paintball gun bag, paintball marker bag
Busch driving for victory at Chicagoland this weekend
Tour de France 2009 standings 
Why Liverpool have not tried to sign Owen
Armstrong misses out on yellow jersey by fractions of a second 
Free Solo climbing - climbing without a rope, partner or protection - is clearly the most dangerous form of rock climbing. Few climbers have ever taken soloing to the extremes that John Bachar did. He died on the 5th of July in a climbing fall. 
Yahoo Withdraws Lawsuit Over Rights To Fantasy-Sports Stats  
The four most inept franchises in pro sports
Is Fuji circuit’s pullout from F1 a sign of things to come for Toyota and F1 racing in Japan?
Magic Johnson's fondest memory of Michael Jackson: Sittin' on the floor &amp; sharing a bucket of Kentucky Fried Chicken
A list of things Rugby has borrowed from the NFL
Mark Derosa's Wrist Hates St. Louis
Las 10 peores fracturas en la historia del fútbol
Elite Cage Fight: UFC 10: Mark Coleman vs Don Frye | UFC 13
Elite Cage Fight: 100 Greatest Fights | UFC History
Most Ridiculous Competitions
Rafael Nadal speaks of sadness at death of friend Mathieu Montcourt 
High-pressure homecoming
Hawks ready to take Sharks' place as top contender
It's a bad rap, Kovalev says
Ex-boyfriend of Steve McNair's mistress wrote rap song about shooting someone - You'll die, I promise
Watch Estudiantes La Plata vs Cruzeiro Live Streaming! Copa Libertadores Final First Leg! | Bookmarks | oneindia.in
Alonzo Mourning Wants His Tapes Back Too
ESPN Story About LeBron And Ariza Changes
Fred Smoot calling his QB fat.
Saku Koivu and the Montreal Canadiens part ways
Jordan Crawford dunks so hard on Lebron James that Lebron has Nike confiscate the footage and destroys it...
Video with Oskar Silow in Las Vegas
Haiti vs Grenada live streaming Gold Cup soccer July 8
USA vs Honduras live online Gold Cup soccer July 8
The hottest WAGs of the 2009 MLB All-Star Game
Estudiantes La Plata vs Cruzeiro live streaming final July 8
Police rule McNair shootings a murder-suicide
England vs Australia live online the Ashes day 2 July 9
Police: McNair girlfriend behind murder-suicide
Killer Kayak Waterfall pics
Steve McNair killed by Girlfriend.
How will you remember Steve McNair?
Jennie Finch, Heidi Hamels &amp; Laura Posada to appear tonight in E! True Hollywood Story on baseball wives (with pics)
White Sox can't seem to locate their Colon
Lenny Dykstra: Bankrupt
After ripping David Beckham, Landon Donovan tries to explain  
Pirates demote Steve Pearce and Steven Jackson
Lenny Dykstra Files for Bankruptcy | Former baseball pro faces divorce, foreclosure and litany of lawsuits 
Usain Bolt unleashed a 19.59s time, which is absolutely extra-ordinary, running into a headwind of 0.9m/s in wet conditions
When you watch football, do you watch the defensive schemes as well? Any tips so I can do this and appreciate the other side of the game?
Lenny Dykstra - Finally grinded (?) himself completely out of business.  
Steve Nash is not a midget!
Pittsburgh Pirates Prospect Watch 7/8/09
F1 teams revive breakaway plans
Pittsburgh Pirates Notebook: State College Spikes
Juventus friendly matches calendar
Bnei Yehuda vs Simurg live streaming Uefa qualifying soccer July 9
Nomme Kalju vs Dinaburg live streaming Uefa qualifying July 9
Buy Arsenal Tickets
B36 Torshavn vs FC Tbilisi live streaming Uefa qualifying July 9
Dinamo Tirana vs FC Lahti live streaming qualifying round July 9
Mexico vs Panama Live streaming online football free here
Montgomerie confident ahead of Scottish Open
Guadeloupe vs Nicaragua Live streaming football here free
FK Vetra vs CS Grevenmacher live streaming Qualifying soccer July 9
AP Source: Mavericks to acquire Shawn Marion
NBPA Chief Levels Collusion Charges Against NBA
UN 97 Kaerjeng vs Anorthosis Famagusta live streaming July 9
Vllaznia Shkoder vs Sligo live streaming Qualifying soccer July 9
Polonia Warsaw vs Buducnost Podgorica live webcasting Qualifying July 9
Tavares ready for the rebuild
The FIA to FOTA, We will have things our way or you can forget F1.
Thursday Trade Rumors
Watch USA vs Honduras (2 - 0) goals video highlights
Blogger claims that Steve McNair and mistress were both victims of homicide. The only victim I see is the English language. 
Marion to Dallas, Turkoglu to Toronto in multi-player deal
Ozzie Guillen thinks pitcher Bartolo Colon may have gone AWOL to cry over Michael Jackson
Live NFL Games On The iPhone This Year, But Expensive
Larry Coker starting over as Coach of University of Texas-San Antonio, a school without a team.
  Loneliness of the mile runner
ESPN adds new graphics for Home Run Derby coverage 
Pirates Notebook: The 2008 State College Spikes
NBAer Stephon Marbury Eyes European League
Kimbo Slice will be on Ultimate Fighter 10 ... and a rare 'enjoyable' David Blaine stunt
Treasurer steals $130,000 from New York Little League
Unemployed? Bored? Make Money Playing Beer Pong  
Women Lose Bid To Ski Jump At Olympics  
Jonathan Sanchez throws a no-hitter.
Tee-hee! Junior dons one batting glove to honor Michael Jackson -]
Update: Nike says they didn't take LeBron tapes because of dunk - MJ would have paid off the cameramen
Red Bull's Mark Webber qualified on pole for the first time, five drivers competing for pole in last minute. F1 is suddenly exciting again.
Joe Sakic announces retirement after 20 seasons - NHL - SI.com
Cancer strikes another Mickelson
New Zealand athlete opens brothel to fund Olympic bid
TheDailyBlitz.com: Joshua Cribbs to hold out?
Springfield Slamm Debuts in Hartford Pro-Am Basketball League
I missed the F1 Race today. Is there any website where I can view/download the entire race? (I couldn't find torrents  either) Please halp!
Webber stamps Redbull’s authority as Barrichello gets the wrong end of the stick, again.
Former boxing champ Arturo Gatti found dead in Brazil
Olympic hopeful opens up brothel to raise cash
Pittsburgh Pirates Prospect Watch 7/12/09
Nicole Bobek had a great time in jail
Cleveland Cavaliers finalize contract with guard/forward Anthony Parker
The Sixers cheerleaders held auditions 
Once again, Urban Meyer denies interest in Notre Dame job
Dana White to Brock Lesnar: Oh, behave!
There's no crying in baseball - unless you're MLB bust Matt Bush getting arrested (w/video)
What makes an activity a sport?
Sports Illustrated's Landmark Moment in Homoerotisicm
Steroid Derby is Baseball's Continuing Fraud
Pittsburgh Pirates Prospect Watch 7/13/09
Sandy Lyle accuses Colin Montgomerie of cheating: sour grapes?
Mountain West Conference officials are hypocrites. They should never whine about the BCS again after taking millions from ESPN!!! It's pathetic.
The Sports Bucket List: Ten Things To Do Before You Die
Fanarchy.  Not sure whether to like it or hate it.  It's a nice jab at all of ESPN's noise shows that allow Stephen A. Smith or Kornheiser on, but it's still pretty bad sometimes...
Senator Orrin Hatch op-ed on ESPN.com: Current BCS system limits competition
Minor league baseball team actually encouraging players &amp; coaches to Twitter during the game
The Amor 54!
20 Greatest Golf Courses Anyone Can Play under $250
Antonio Cromartie hit with 5 Paternity Suitsin the last 2 years
Tony Romo: Product Spokesman
TdF: Behind the scenes meeting with Johan Bruyneel, Lance Armstrong and Astana team
Shane Carwin reacts to Brock Lesnar's outburst with...a blog post?
I'll Take Tigers Fantasy Trades for Roy Halladay, Alex
Commissioner Bud Selig denies claims that baseball owners colluded - ESPN
Pittsburgh Pirates Top 30 Prospects Mid-Season Update
Guy imitates MLBer's batting stances (including Manny Ramirez, Rickey Henderson, &amp; Joe Morgan) on Letterman
Monty's Jakartagate vid revealed - clearly seen moving the golf ball to a better position
NHL Free Agent Signings
What Heatley is really thinking....
Flintoff retires -- watch his finest moments
BMX Extreme Sports Trick Guide 
The Yankess are worth more than 4 times GM.
Laker's owner Jerry Buss pulls offer to Lamar Odom

Richard Jefferson bails on bride-to-be at the last minute, forgets to tell his wedding guests
Nails.  PIC
British tennis coach arrested for drive-by wanking
AOL Acquires Mixed Martial Arts Site
2009 Fantasy Football Keeper Rankings: Running Backs
Watch TNA Victory Road Live Stream Free
Griffey Jr. Hauls Ass From 1st to Home. Dugout Shenanigans Ensue.
Lakers retract offer to Odom
INSIDE PRIMAL QUEST - Falling Asleep
Revolutionary Football Helmet (pic)
Premier League players very concerned after soccer groupie tests positive for HIV
Sporticts.com Blog &amp;raquo; Have All-Star games lost their luster? 5 Reasons why they have.
Cocaine ban(he ingested the drug from kissing a woman)over, Richard Gasquet cleared to resume playing tennis - ESPN
NASCAR: Jeremy Mayfield tested positive again for meth.
Interests, conflicts « Smoke Signals
Ishikawa to partner Woods in opening round of British Open
Watch the 2009 British Open online
Messi, the one who runs like sparks fly
New Adidas Viral video.
Twenty years after winning his lone major title just up the road, Mark Calcavecchia shot a 3-under 67 to claim the clubhouse lead at the British Open.
Top 10 Sports Movie Pep Talks
Will the Aussies stop Freddie Flintoff from reaching the crease? 

Looks like nothing can halt Freddie Flintoff from reaching the big game, not even two Aussie pranksters swapping his car for a dreaded pedalo.
Blair served by Clemens grand jury
Ichiro Suzuki pays respects at George Sisler's gravesite; finds out that presidents wear jeans, too
Youth soccer regional commissioner investigated for embezzling over $100,000
Matt Kemp gets drunk at ESPYs, pulls down date's top? (with pics of possible date)
Racing the final lap is not simple for Simon  
Can you name the top N. American 100 greatest athletes of the 20th century?
Farewell, Seabass
Antoine Walker $822,500 in gambling debts
The reconstruction began at Inter
Cristiano Ronaldo has told Manchester City that he could never think of joining them.
Is Jean Todt's Past Relevant?
INSIDE PRIMAL QUEST - Race to the Ropes
Two Tour de France cyclists injured by air-rifle shooting 
Adam Pac-Man Jones making it rain on some 
strippers in Vegas (Video)
Mark Webber Team radio after his first win 
Monitor Online | Allan Ssekamatte | Arsenal slipping into mediocrity
Tiger Can't Cut It ;  TheChez.net
Lance Briggs Is The New Travis Henry
Spectator killed in cycling's Tour de France - woman dies after being hit by a police motorcycle during the 14th stage
Pete Rose sucks
Former NBAer Josh Childress Returns to Greece
TheDailyBlitz.com: Will Mike Shanahan coach the Redskins in 2010?
Lambeau playoff stunner made Vick a force - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Contador king of Verbier.
2007 Tour champ wins stage, claims yellow jersey
The Player At Right Might Be Still Under Contract With The Bucs
RV Platforms Custom Fabrications Steel Fabrications Steel Railings
Watson squanders his chance at a historic win
Van Pelt tops Mallinger in sudden death at US Bank
TheDailyBlitz.com: Sean Payton picks Jets as non-playoff team to make playoffs
England v Australia
Jonny Flynn Named NBA Rookie of the Month
Real Madrid vs Shamrock Rovers
Next, Lovie To Do Away With Stoicism, Show What You Call Emotion
Bankrupt Murderer Michael Vick is Free, Moving into New $2 Million Home
According to researchers at Wayne State University, major-league players who have nicknames live 2½ years longer, on average, than those without them.
Arkansas Razorbacks Message Board
Former College Basketball Star Antonio Burks Shot
Soderling Wins at Home
 Coach Tooka Luggit Mah Throwin Moshin, En Mah Throwin Moshin Lukes Guud! | kissingsuzykolber.com
Tests Show McNair had Alcohol in System when Shot
Rich Franklin vs. Dan Henderson II headlines UFC 103, Cro Cop vs. Junior Dos Santos set
Not only was he able to slug 11 home runs...while batting .331, but unlike many other people who are able to do such things, Plantier went the extra yard and actually achieved them. This is what makes him different from people who are just able to do such things; Plantier actually did them
Ed O'Bannon as Lead Plaintiff in Suing the NCAA for Profiting off Former Student Athletes
Bloggers Chime in on the Michael Vick Debate
This is getting crazy - a high school basketball player is now skipping out on college to play professionally in China
Leonard Peters Is Too Wild For The NFL
Reggie Theus Thinks Sports Bloggers are a ‘Pain in the Ass’ | The Hoop Doctors
Video - Beckham confronts angry fans
Kobe or LeBron?  Hef's never heard of LJ.
Jordan Norwood signs with Cleveland Browns
Articles written by Kimbo Nyce
JaVale McGee to USA Basketball Mini-Camp?
JaVale McGee is a mutant, and he will cut you
Frozen football
Video : Magnificent 7S with dedication to Michael Owen.
Would a Pavano trade help his Fantasy value?
Carl Landry hosts a free basketball skills camp for kids in his college town
Liverpool star Gerrard 'admitted three punches' (VIDEO)
How hackers helped slow the spread of video that violated the privacy of the sexy ESPN reporter
6Q With Blog Buzz Coordinator Hannah Patrick of Sports Media Challenge 
America's White Boy: Lebron Gets Dunked On...Doesn't Live Up To Hype
Bizarre Ride II Ernie Grunfeld’s Pharcyde
Offering a Handshake is Not Enough. If Beckham Really Wants to Make an Impact Violence is a Must.
The Clippers Have the Best Job Security Around
MMA star Barnett positive for steroids
Josh Barnett Pulled From Fight with Fedor Emelianenko
Pacers Finally Release PG Jamaal Tinsley | Pacers Place
The Special One loses out to The New One in Battle of Rose Bowl
Adventure sports safer ten years after tragedy
Cop who arrested Henry Louis Gates tried to save Reggie Lewis' life
Mark Buehrle Tosses Perfect Game Against Rays
Jay Mariotti Is Worried Someone Is Going To Videotape Him Naked Next
Ben Roethlisberger straight to the point I will fight for my family's and my reputation
White Sox pitcher Mark Buehrle throws perfect game  
Nikolov Tweets Lamar Odom To Stay On Lakers - VIDEO
James reveals struggles with prep fame in new book - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
NFL to start draft on Thursday in prime time - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
The Ten Best Injury Nightmares
Michael Vick’s(notes) lawyer vehemently denied reports Thursday that the suspended NFL star spent his first night of freedom from federal custody at a Virginia Beach strip club.
The WNBA: It’s (paid off) Faaaannntastic
Erin Andrews Clueless Over Nude Video
Stevie G found not guilty
Kirk Hinrich Seems Pretty Sure He'll Be Traded
Under the radar, amateur boxing flourishes in cities in U.S.
Dana White Confirms via Twitter: Tito Ortiz back in the UFC
Redskins rookie WR jumps out of a pool backwards
Nike said it did not take the footage because James was dunked on. Bullshit.
What is the force behind Sven-Göran Eriksson's mystery deal with Notts County?
Robinho Futsal Tricks
Filipe Massa says, Ouch!!!!
FINA bans swimming bodysuits that have led to spate of world swimming records 
London Grand Prix Athletics Results - Isinbayeva misses out Usain Bolt Wins
13 reasons why men love football
To the greatest, from the greatest 
Quinton Jackson and Muhammed Lawal Feud
Boxing Great Vernon Forrest Carjacked, Shot Dead, in Atlanta
Boxing Champ Vernon Forrest Killed In Atlanta
Former boxing champion Vernon Forrest is dead after being shot multiple times, officials said Sunday.
No More Tech Savvy Suits After 2009 FINA Swimming Championships
What's the single best self-defense move--other than running? I've had good luck with an uppercut.
The They tried to put me in a BOX! Shirt
Sports Then and Now Remembers: Dave McNally
Manchester United beat with 8:2, Berbatov is the man of the match (VIDEOS)
Ferrari driver Felipe Massa remains in “life-threatening” but stable condition following surgery on multiple skull fractures. 
Emotions bubble over for Hall inductees 
A somber weekend announces the return of F1’s big boys.
Alex Ferguson's greatest rants
Brickyard breakdown for Montoya
Tour de France winner Alberto Contador: My relationship with Lance Armstrong is non-existent. Even if he is a great champion, I have never had admiration for him and I never will.
Pete Rose is a jerk
Why does the NFL care about Delaware enacting sports betting?
Should Pete Rose Be Reinstated ?
Lance Armstrong on doping: I think I've answered the question
Ways to predict the winner of a boxing match or bar fight
F1: Renault team suspended for one race (European Grand Prix) for failing to properly affix wheel to Alonso's car
NFL, Roger Goodell made right call on Michael Vick case
Starbury is in the middle of some kind of meltdown.
Josh Barnett: I never once thought there would be a problem with drug test
TheDailyBlitz.com: Michael Turner to get less carries in 2009?
Steve Nash inks 2-year, $22M extension 
Alberto Contador Shows Ugly Side in Post TDF Comments
AP Source: Bobcats, Hornets closing in on trade - Okafor for Chandler
F1: Ecclestone hopes Alonso to race Ferrari at Valencia
Barcelona's Lionel Messi of Argentina trains at the Sports Center FC Barcelona
Stephon Marbury continues his absolutely nonsensical web-rant/meltdown.
Luol Deng Talks About His Injury Status
Michael Vick Conditionally back in the NFL. Was the commissioner's ruling fair? 
Video: Shaq vs. The Big Show - WWE Raw
Five Things To Change About Baseball
Jim Zorn does not like online porn
Competitve balance in the ACC? Bobby Bowden hates it.
Ron Zook Wants Illinois-Northwestern at Wrigley in 2010
Dice-K blames shoulder problems on the Red Sox
One of the greatest pre-game rituals in all of sports
Brandon Marshall misses Tuesday practice
Coach threatens to pull Phelps out of meets
Favre Staying Retired [pic]
Stock Car Science - Pit Road Speeding Explained
Which Hall of Fame Steelers player threatened to sue Chuck Noll and the Steelers in the 1970's?
America's White Boy: 10 ESPN Personalities That You Never Want To See In A Peephole Video
Pacers and Celtics Still Talking Trade | Pacers Place
Do steroid users deserve to be in baseball's Hall of Fame?
Tips and advice on how not to be a total douchebag when you play Madden 2010
CBS To Embed Reporters On Every NFL Team, For Live Reports
America's White Boy: Ohio State Football - Rebuilding Year?
Burress arrives to testify at NYC grand jury - could get 3 1/2 years in prison
iPhones and the ‘augmented’ stadium
Schumacher to make F1 return!
8 Ways Tailgaters Ruin Their Beer
Anderson Silva: People who booed my last fight don't understand MMA
In order to be removed from a game to substitute a specialist kicker, a rugby player used a vial of theatrical blood to fake an injury [pic and story] 
Non-Doping Cyclists Finish Tour De France | The Onion - America's Finest News Source
Odom keeps Lakers hanging in the balance - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
Brian Urlacher Thinks Cutler is a “P*ssy”
Ricky Berens Splits Swimsuit, Bares Butt At World Championships (NSFW PHOTOS)
Cricket: A Game of Momentum
BBC SPORT | Football | Referee chased off pitch by players
The Many Aspects of Sports Writing
Sport Report - Tour de France &amp; Robotic Baseball| ColbertNation.com
Video: Ron Artest reenacts 'The Malice at the Palace'
A Young Gymnast’s Distant Olympic Dream
MD kayak rentals: Piscataway Creek Kayak Center
Gatti's death ruled suicide
Arsenal Have Dug A Gold Mine – What Will They Do With The Gold Now?
So how will the Detroit Lions be this year?
Ortiz and Ramirez tested positive in '03
Remembering the Eagles defensive coordinator, Jim Johnson
Greg Norman blames choke jobs on his ex-wife
UFC Fighting for Mainstream Success
I Never Knew That The Phillies And The Indians Were The Same Team 
Hawaii Coach Apologizes For Accusing Notre Dame Of Gayness During Dance Routine
Congress Ends Racism 90 Years Too Late 
Hawaii's Greg McMackin Apologizes for Gay Slur Aimed at Notre Dame
Monkey man climbing walls!
ESPN's odd double standard on sex
Rugby &amp; Apartheid
Misguided Characterization of Gilbert Arenas
Odom re-signs with the Lakers
Sir Bobby Robson was the heart and soul of English football
Michelle Kwan won't compete in Vancouver 
Marcus Harrison Isn’t Fat, He’s Just Big Boned
X-Games - Travis Pastrana fails to thrill in best trick contest 
Michelle Kwan will not compete in the 2010 Olympics - instead pursuing her masters degree
The Design of Rugby League Jerseys
Chinese Soccer player banned for life after attempted attack on ref [VIDEO]
Will Widnes be the next super league rugby club?
Brett Stewart – Rugby League Memorabilia in the Making
Department of Book Reports: Cooperstown Confidential
Report: Red Sox fired 2 staffers in steroid probe - MLB - Yahoo! Sports
Say it’s not so David Ortiz
Canada v. Italy basketball brawl - Mancinelli punches Doornekamp
The future of MLS is pinned to nights like this
Tennis Bad Boys: Nasty Ilie Nastase, Leader of the Pack
Cooperstown and the 'Roids by Bill James, pioneer sabermetrician and baseball essayist
Leinart sinking? - Around the NFL 
The Basketball Hall of Fame Opens Michael Jordan Exhibit
Alexander Ovechkin: Sex Helps Before And After Playing Hockey
San Francisco Giants Take On a New Personality, and the N.L.
Hank Aaron (who admitted to taking amphetamines during his playing career) says release 104 drug names - MLB 
Rumble On the River... no Don Kings were harmed in the making of this photo essay
Alonso deal ends Real Madrid spending spree, says Valdano
The clock is ticking on your father's TV sports show. The new generation of kids don't watch sports they way we did growing up. They see it in bits and pieces. If it goes too long, they lose interest. They want it now.
Fielder, Mota fined but not suspended  
Hewitt begins hard court season with a win ahead of US Open
Andy Roddick became the 36th player to reach 500 career match victories as a professional.
On the board: Yanks earn first win against Red Sox - MLB - Yahoo! Sports
Indians Trade Cy Young Winning Pitcher Cliff Lee to the Phillies
AP source: Detroit Pistons, Wallace agree to deal - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
A's release Jason Giambi; slugger was hitting .193 - MLB - Yahoo! Sports
For Bob Hayes, speed was the name of the game 
A site that was created to help find free internet broadcasts of live baseball games. 
What Planet Does Stephon Marbury Live On?
Four and a Half Men Talking Lobo Football
Michael Vick Is Like Jackie Robinson? Puh-leeeeeze!
Preseason Posturing: How the Hell is ND in the Running?
Russell Simmons: Michael Vick = Champion?
Josh Hamilton's long journey takes another twist with photos - Big League S... - MLB - Yahoo! Sports
Tigers' Leyland 'sick and tired' of steroids saga BTW he won his only World Series w/ the 1997 Marlins in the middle of the steroid saga.
TSN can compile all those statistics, but still cannot understand how to use simple numbers. (PIC)
Titans' QB Young confident after preseason opener
Penn State Clips: Video: Ohio State QB Terrelle Pyror living large
Bears Fans Overly Giddy About Cutler? Here's Why
Top 10 Jeremy Roenick quotes
Cutler Create a Caption #3 
Uniform number (American football) 

Bob Gibson memorabilia brings high prices, and hopefully no regrets
Bill Simmons sports collectors convention photo gallery - ESPN
Michael Schumacher not returning to the F1 due to neck injury 
TJ Ducket or Kimbo Slice? (PIC)
Grouching Tiger - Golf - Yahoo! Sports
Woods says he was not fined for comment - Golf - Yahoo! Sports
Ever wanted to meet a footballer? Here's how you do it.
Leipheimer is back
The UFL will be home to the Trains and the Trees 
Jarrett finally grasping Panthers' tough love - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Baseball's worst (ongoing) contracts. PS JP Ricciardi 
is lucky to have a job
Andy Kessler, skateboarding pioneer, dies at 48 - ESPN
10 PEOPLE SMARTER THAN BRONSON ARROYO
Match the major league hitter with his at-bat music in The Life's Batter's Hit Box - ESPN is a hard hitting journo-advertiser
Reds' Arroyo is gambling on supplements despite the risk 
Armstrong hopes a strong Leadville field delivers him to a record win. 
Adrian Beltre has busted a nut.
Derrick Thomas: No 90s NFL Player Meant More To His Team
Watch CBS' James Brown with critical eye when he interviews Michael Vick
Chicago Cubs, I'm sorry I disgraced you
This ranks as one of the more badass motorsports!  Motorcycle side-car racing!
Populist Rage, the Rule of Law, and Michael Vick
As many of you have been following the story the details of Donte’ Stallworth’s actions are nothing new with regards to his current circumstances. Simple and plain Stallworth violated the substance-abuse and personal-conduct policies set forth by the NFL.
Video of the Michael Vick Press Conference and Apology
A sports/cultural examination
College hockey twinbill to follow NHL Winter Classic
The significance of Mike Miller's strange 2008/09 season
Flip vs. Igoudala: Gilbert Arenas and the Year of the Tiger
Efforts to reform BCS face tall order in Congress - College Football - Rivals.com
tOSU supports the troops by scheduling cupcakes
Today is the last day of USA Gymnastics VISA Championships in Dallas, we already had some great show
Andy Murray reaches world No2 rank after beating Jo-Wilfried Tsonga
Cyborg defeats Carano in first round of what was the most hyped women's MMA match
Lightning Strikes Again for Bolt | The Sporting Globe
Knuckleheaded plan by U.S. Olympic Committee to launch network is scrapped
How Fast Can a Human Ulitimately Run? Is a 5.0 Second 100 Meters Possible? 

Analysis of Bolt's 100m world record at Berlin [PDF]
10 Best Sports Celebrity Car Salesmen
The Fosbury Flop
The Grandstand: A field-level view of Porcello vs. Youkilis
Not really a bad list at all.  List of NFL quarterbacks who have posted a passer rating of zero.
Sage Rosenfels Helicopter hurdle
Michael Vick gets second chance with Eagles
The Men With Balls VL Video Excerpt - How To Make Love Like A Pro 
AccuScore: Favre gives Vikings edge in division - 0.9 more wins.
Cricket: Guess which team is embarrassing Zimbabwe?
Fanzine Fanzone - Times Online - WBLG: Spain Fanzone: bargains galore as Real Madrid prepare for clear-out
Survivor of boat tragedy wonders why he lived
Jason Williams comes out of retirement to join the Orlando Magic.
Leagues Restrict Access as Fan and Financial Interests Intersect - NYTimes.com
Omission of Black Pioneer Wendell Scott Stirs Nascar Debate - NYTimes.com
The Top Seven Interesting Facts from Tyson
Dungy: Harrison would fit with Bears
 Memphis to vacate Final Four season - College Basketball -
Jerry Remy to return to NESN booth tomorrow 
The Future Quarterback Stars ... Who's Next?
According to the Arizona Republic, the new reality show, Shaq Vs. apparently was an idea that Shaq stole directly from Nash.
A guy agrees to stay quiet with the police. Then you fire him. Your head coach told him he was going to kill him. It would have gone away if you let him keep his job. What the fuck is wrong with you Al Davis?
America's White Boy: Do The Saints Want Derrick Brooks?
America's White Boy: Ryan Perrilloux, I Give Up!
In some ways, what is more remarkable than Bolt’s feat is how slow the improvement has been in the 100-meter dash.
The Dale Earnhardt Rollercoaster... seriously
Is any NBA team still looking for the Answer?

Cowboys' new stadium is equipped with a 160'x90' HD video board. Great idea, except it gets pelted with punts during games.
Danica Patrick passing on NASCAR and returning to IndyCar - Sports Rumors - NASCAR - Yahoo! Sports
A Real NFL Offense, Starring Jay Cutler
Dolphin players told 2 cornerbacks will miss tonight's game due to Swine Flu
 Whipple takes over young Miami offense
LeBron James Top Ten Plays of 2007 *2K8 Style*
Do you like The Office?  Do you like NFL football?  A surprisingly good, well made, well acted spoof of the TV show from the Kansas City Chiefs.
Chelsea training ground match turns into massive brawl, ...players were reportedly assaulted with karate kicks, knee-high tackles and had their hair pulled out and eyes gouged.
Birmingham 0 - 0 Stoke ... who would have guessed it
Will Fanbase Be the Wikipedia of Sports? 
We haven't seen this look in Chuck Liddell's eyes for a long time (VID)
Deangelo Williams' Barry Sanders-like touchdown run (VIDEO)
America's White Boy: Michael Beasely Goes To Rehab
What Pro Sports Team Most Needs New Ownership?
Report: Dirk Nowitzki's former fiancee, Cristal Taylor, sentenced to 5 years
Who will win the Cy Young and MVP this year?
Buck Showalter's Realignment Plan is FUCKED IMO.
Mike Brown's Bungles 
Sports 'women' who have had the Caster Semenya treatment
Reid: Vick will make Eagles debut on Thursday vs. Jags - USATODAY.com
Vanquish MX Clothing and Apparel: A life style clothing company dedicated to fans and athletes of Motocross. Dedicated to victory both on and off the track. 
Correct spelling? Ah, who needs it. 
Cutler has good things to say about McDaniels
Court: Investigators wrong to seize MLB drug list
The top 10 NBA value-for-money deals of the last decade
Curtis Buckley promises to knock out Brian Mitchell...and does.
An Easy Fix for Tennis Elbow? - Well Blog - NYTimes.com
Baseball's biggest broadcasting bloopers
Playing soccer, chewing gum proves a dangerous mix
Wisconsin Badgers drop beer ads from broadcasts; will others soon follow suit?
Michael Vick - The Great Debate: Business Edition
NFL preseason power rankings: Football's best and worst travel destinations, the middle tier
Steven Cohen talks about threats, sponsor boycotts and more
RF Monogram
Victoria Beckham wants to be a cheerleader?
SI's NFL season predictions! What do you think?
Jay-Z designs Arthur Ashe t-shirt to be sold for charity
Dilfer's QB breakdown: Manning, Brady obviously a c
The 10 worst NBA teams of the last decade (Ball Don't Lie)
For Tennis Stars Lately, It’s Toss the Ball, Hit the Ball, Oops! Oops! 
Video: Freep reporter on hot seat over Michigan investigation
Craig Gordon claims Eduardo's two-match ban for diving is worth it
YouTube - John Morrisons Champs Selections - Results and Reviews from the Consumers
Mighty Morphin Power Ranger morphs into an MMA fighter
NBA Live 10 Soundtrack
Andy Roddick bashes US Open's 'non-Twitter' regulations
Twitter Warning for Pro Athletes
Mark Cuban wants SEC to pay legal fees
OSU's Okung top prospect, Texas' McCoy top QB for next year's draft
Former Met's Pitcher Koosman Sentenced To 6 Months For Not Paying Taxes
US Open Ball Boy falls on his face [video]
JAX Jaguars sell a record low number of tickets - They may be poised to move. 
Goodell foresees no salary cap in 2010
You got knocked the f*ck out, man!  Oregon running back LeGarrette Blount punches Boise State defensive end Byron Hout in the jaw after the Broncos beat the Ducks 19-8 at Bronco Stadium.
How Not To Do Things: Redskins Suing Over 100 Fans
HOF broadcaster Harwell fighting cancer 
The Haynesworth stomp
Hazell has seen growth in Terrelle Pryor - He might be college's best executor of the broken play.
Iowa blocks 2 last second kicks to win by 1 against  Northern Iowa aka Canada I think.
Tendulkar wants 50-over rethink
Top 10 Closers of All Time
Chevy Rock and Roll 400 Tickets Richmond

Like ummmm - Q and A Fail.  W/the Buffalo Bills.
Meet Albert Pujols, the modern-day Babe Ruth
Unseeded American teen takes U.S. Open by storm: Moves to Qtr-finals after beating Dementieva, Sharapova &amp; Petrova.
Anybody else seen the Phil Jackson MyTouch 3G commercial? He looks severely bowlegged.
Bob Barker was the host of Tonight's WWE Monday Night Raw... and although you wouldn't think he appeals to Pro wrestling's core demographic, he received a very warm reception.
50 Most Brutal College Football Hits
SA gender-row runner gets a magazine makeover, still looks like a man
Portrait of Daniel Negreanu - he is one of the Best Poker Players in the World
Miami Caliente vs. Chicago Bliss LFL Opener
Bills cornerback Ellis Lankster has trouble with a postgame press conference.
Will Argentina be in World Cup 2010? Watch Paraguay vs Argentina - Fifa World Cup 2010 Qualifying Match Live Stream on September 9th
25 most awesome streakers (semi-nude photos, obvi)
Iverson to distract another franchise
Cris Collinsworth is Wooderson
Classless U Presents: A Jaded Preview of the NFL Season!
Was Nicole Scherzinger the Reason Lewis Hamilton Spun Out at the Italian Grand Prix?
Serena Williams press conference
NFL players promise brains to concussion research 
Federer &amp; Hewitt Best tennis rally Ever !!!
Federer uses profanity on TV in dispute at Open final
10 of the best returns for touchdown of all-time
Things LT never told us
Remembering the greatness that was David Thompson
10 porn titles for the Melky Cabrera sex tape
NCAA's Brand dies from pancreatic cancer - Yahoo! Sports
What's Really Wrong With The Bears? [Offensive Line Edition]
Tendulkar returns to top 10 of Reliance Mobile ICC Player Rankings
A pitch for Greinke's Cy Young candidacy despite his Royalness.
Black Sox Scandal - Actually, the Black Sox name came earlier because the owner was too cheap to wash the uniforms.
Miami aiming to solve Georgia Tech hex - National championship possibilities in 2005. A four-game winning streak in 2006. Hopes of returning to the Top 25 in 2007. An opportunity to clinch a trip to the Atlantic Coast Conference title game in 2008.
Federer fined $1,500 for profanity at US Open 
Good morning, Buckeyes! You got jobbed (and probably would have blown it, anyway) 
NBA Off Season Rankings: The Worst of the Worst!
Avoid Floyd if you want meaningful dialogue on race in America
NLF player fined for message on his shoes.
Executives against concept of pick protection 
Big Ten suspends Michigan LB for punch - College Football - Rivals.com
Leafs acquire rights to forward Kessel
Herbstreit has Miami at #5.  Maybe a bit premature.
Ponder leads FSU over No. 7 BYU 54-28 
Mayweather pummels Marquez in ring return 
Fifth Down Game (1990) 
Brown’s 23-yarder lifts Texans over Titans 34-31
South Florida senior quarterback Matt Grothe will miss the rest of the 2009 season with a torn anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee.
Hingis crashes out of BBC's Strictly Come Dancing
Parting shots and trash talk: Meyer and Kiffin have a few last words.
Cardinals win, Larry Fitzgerald still complaining about # of balls thrown his way
Athletes Can Play Through Those Injuries, Says Man Who Gets Sore From Sitting Too Long
Plaxico Starts His 2 Year Bid: Dont drop the soap!
The Best Case Scenario For The 2009-10 Pacers | Pacers Place
Justine Henin, who retired in May 2008 ranked number 1, is planning to return to pro tennis.  Aiming to play in Australian Open 2010.
Rampage Jackson: I'm Done With UFC, MMA.
A look at Michael Owen's goal at OT against City
Check out all the smiles...Does anyone else think Packer fans enjoyed Ochocinco's Lambeau Leap a little too much?  
Why is Brad Lidge still closing games? He is now 0-8 with 11 blown saves
Tigertown
Cruel and Unusual Punishment? Maybe if he is a Royals Fan
Sean Salisbury Has A Few Things To Get Off His Chest
Skeletons Depicting Steve McNair, Sahel Kazemi Pulled After Uproar
LeBron coming to the Nets? 
Brett Favres Sears Commercial Helps his Cause A Little...
Jay Cutler: Strong Side, Weak Side
Boxing vs. UFC, Who is King?
Ha! SI cover jinx completes the set
That was a terrific triple-twisting salchow, and landing in a split was a surprise, but I'm afraid you gagged on the cold-fusion question. Get out.
Purple Jesus is going to break his fucking neck
Cubby Occurrence: Angel Guzman's celebratory slap to the head sidelines Derrek Lee 
Bruce Pearl, coach of Tennessee Volunteers, apologizes for joke he made at fundraiser - ESPN
100 losses and counting: Dodgers top Nationals 7-6
Ladies, the Right and Wrong Way to Be a Football Fan
Just another day in Red Sox nation
NL Wildcard Race: Please enjoy the purely hypothetical speculation below.
Penn State Vs. Iowa ESPN GameDay Signs, Including Tebow Me So Holy!
most clever use of twitpic i've seen all day
Dirty Jets Tampering 
UofL Football...
Mickey Mantle&amp;'s Appearance on David Letterman (1987)
Carpenter endorses Wainwright for NL Cy Young after Wainwright helps Cardinals clinch the NL Central.
Ichiro ejected from game for 1st time in career
NJ City ends 111-game conference winless streak - Soccer
NBA preparing Twitter guidelines
Brady Quinn benched as Cleveland Browns go scoreless in half against Ravens
My Lions are ahead by 6 with 11 minutes to go. Please let them hold on. I really want to enjoy an NFL Sunday for the first time in a year and a half.
Is it sad that I'm all giddy that the Lions have a really good chance at winning?
Defense, Sanchez keep Jets undefeated
Easily the best quote from NCAA football coverage this year
A culture of winning? Can you build one when you run the ball on 10 of 11 plays while trailing 27-7 in the third quarter?
One screams New School: emotional, self-centered, look at me. The other whispers Old School: selfless, maybe reckless, taking the needle.
After losing the first match against Pakistan, India takes on Australia in ICC Champions Trophy Cricket, this is a must win match for India
Romo vs. Delhomme is NFL pressure at its best
Rory McIlroy fancied for big things at next year’s Ryder Cup | Irish Sport | IrishCentral
Former Cy Young winner Eric Gagne returns to his roots and semi-
pro baseball in Quebec
VIDEO: Scott Sharp's Acura prototype completely destroyed during Petit Le Mans practice
Chris Carter Calls Tony Romo Overrated! (Video)
Week 3: Top 5 NFL Stories
New Mexico coach in trouble for smacking assistant coach
Barmes' amazing catch ... or was it?
Moon Over Bobble Heads, There’s a New Gnome in Town
Jones concerned with Jones knee injury in Dallas
Kobe takes backseat to latest Lakers circus 
Costello did a nice job tracking the ball and, with an outstretched leap...managed to corral the ball on his finger tips before hauling it in as he crashed to the turf.
Ferrari confirm capture of Alonso
Players haven't given up on Mangini … yet - NFL
How Well Do You Know Sports Movie Coaches?
Nationals' Justin Maxwell hits game-winning grand slam off Mets' K-Rod [video]
Tendulkar may not play match against West Indies ? - News you can use ...
Welcome to the NFL Power Poll - Bill Simmons ranks the NFL like no other.
Sports' First Billion-Dollar Man - Forbes.com
 Slap Shot - Reggie Dunlop Was the Best Player Coach That Ever Lived 
Rod Barajas likes diving....
Greg Norman, Chris Evert say they have separated, 'remain friends' - ESPN
How Push Led to Shove in New Mexico -HC punches an assistant, has a sexual harassment suit against him, and is 0-4.
Newbie running question.
Fanny Ramirez: The Reason the Dodgers Have Still Failed to Clinche Their Division.
Maria Sharapova says she is getting back to her best and enjoying herself
Lou Holtz spits, Mark May swallows?
Sea The Stars has California dreaming 
WWE Hell In A Cell Results
Just what the Browns need after dropping to 0-4: Braylon Edwards accused of assault 
8 Kids Better At Sports Than You
Ellie Manning has inflamed right foot 
LeBron calls Braylon Edwards out for alleged fight - NFL
An NBA old-timer reflects on training camp back in the day. Yes, it was uphill both ways.
YouTube - Rodney Harrison Tells Tom Brady To Take His Skirt Off..Ray Lewis Disses Refs..Ravens vs. Patriots
Video - Craziest Georgia Bull Dog Fan Ever - FanDome
Olympic Commitee claims that photographing exterior of venues violates copyrights.
Jon Gruden off to rocky start in Monday Night Football.  But he'll likely be coaching again soon.
WWE Bragging Rights Tickets Pittsburgh
Remember the United Football League? No?  Well, their season starts tonight.
Sawx fans, can we get some in game discussions?
Justice in Buffalo, NY
I thought Oregon could take it easy with their jersey's for baseball.....
Redskins doing more fighting off the field than on it
Black College Football HOF makes Atlanta home - ESPN
Vin Scully hopes Holliday is wearing a cup.  2 minutes in.
The Story of the Kid Who Stole the World Series Rings is Amazing
Members of the Italian Press are said to have seen Valentino Rossi, Uccio &amp; Buergess at Ducati. Could there be the Italian Dream Team?
USA!!!!
Favre leads Vikings to 38-10 win over Rams 
Cardinals' goal-line stand preserves 28-21 victory
Speed is beautiful - Isle of Man TT Super Slow Motion Video

Can Someone Explain to Me How Sports Betting Works?
Florida, Alabama top this week's AP Poll
Ray Lewis takes off Chad Ochocinco's head (VIDEO)
Chicago Cubs bankruptcy: Chicago Cubs file Chapter 11 bankruptcy -- chicagotribune.com
New England Patriots: Week 5 Positives &amp; Negatives (Would The Patriots Be Better With Cassel?)
Revisiting Jared Allen's trade from the Chiefs to the Vikings
The Man United Blog: Weekly Manchester United news edition- 1) Ferguson to apologise formally 2) Rooney injured 3) Rio making pathetic mistakes 4) Goalie crisis... Bad days for United! + Looking forward to coming good ones... read for more
Throw them back: Broncos' AFL uniforms were hideous - Shutdown Corner - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Jo-Wilifred Tsonga &amp; Fernando Verdasco play tennis match on high-speed train
Detroit Pistons 2009-2010 Preview 
Golf is still not a sport.
The Man United Blog: United eyeing David James for the January transfer window, Does David James really wants to leave the Pompey's? Of course, there are all the reasons that will force him to...
The Red Sox are not trading Papelbon, enough Steve Phillips
A Most Unfortunate Headline For Red Wings Fans
Wisconsin Fans, you're next
Chad Ochocinco launches own iPhone App
To celebrate his 99th birthday, here's 99 things about John Wooden
The band that wouldn't die. The story of the Baltimore colts marching band.
A Brett Favre-themed Vikings Trans-Am in Green Bay?
T.O., Merriman, Quinn among trade prospects - NFL
Brady Quinn’s Avon Lake Home Up For Sale |Link to actual home
Nadal through but Del Potro crashes again 
Fat Boy Left Behind
Top ten weirdest sports ever to be part of the Olympics ... how about poetry?
Oh Onion, You Are So Perfect: Not Knowing How To Celebrate, A-Rod Breaks Champagne Bottle Over Teammates' Heads
Hey, Rocky! New Richmond, VA, minor league baseball team to be called the Flying Squirrels
American billionaire Kroenke increases stake in Arsenal
Oklahoma gets own hand gesture!
NFL career passer rating leaders - Elway and Fouts are near Byron Leftwich.
Animal rights group plans Vick protest in Oakland - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Why do rivalry football teams fans always want the other team to lose every game? It wouldn't be a rivalry if one team stunk.
 Boring (NASCAR)
Top 10 Football Movies
Vanden Bosch fined for hit on Manning - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Beason says he was wrong to call out Peppers - NFL
Elliott leads Purdue past No. 7 Ohio St. 26-18
Alabama takes over the top spot in the AP Top 25
Mangino is bigger than a mascot.
Lindell's 47-yard FG wins it for Bills in OT
3 runners die competing in the Detroit marathon - Olympics - Yahoo! Sports
The computers hate USC dropping them a few spots in the BCS
Taken from the UCF v Miami tailgate.. this is why everyone hates UF [pic]
Pictures: Phillies take 2-1 series lead with dominating victory over Los Angeles
Panthers-Bucs:  Another game where two starving dogs fight over a scrap of food.
Jenson Button failed first driving test
Ticket scalper site hawks tickets for Mets, Cubs playoff games
What were the odds of 2 walk of doubles to win both the LCS games in one day?
Cassius Clay: Before He Was Ali
That was fast: Michael Crabtree expected to start immediately
Quarterbacks dominate the NFL and the MVP talks
Green Bay mayor taking suggestions on how his city should welcome back Brett Favre when the Vikings come to visit on Nov. 1
Unsuccessful method of convincing a ref to call in your favor number 3,592,007: Get a rabbi to come on the court and plead with the officials.
Jeff Fisher has a sense of humor about being 0-6 (Skip to 1:20 for when he starts talking)
Tim Tebow Messiah Watch: Transfiguration Edition - Tim Tebow - Deadspin
The Tampa Bay Lightning hold a strip-shootout tournament during practice [vid] 
NASCAR's 20 coolest pit crew helmets
Phillies Beat Dodgers 10-4, Return to World Series
London Freeze is back! Yay! 
Gov. Schwarzenegger loves the NFL, hates the environment
Who has the best goalie mask in the NHL?
Has Roy Williams proved to be a bad investment for the Cowboys?
Largent rips Snyder's handling of team
Kyle Wellwood 0.5 Seconds Away From Scoring The Goal Of The Year
F1 : Donington GP bid looks to be over 
Wenger at 60
NY Mets Made $48 Million Dealing With Bernie Madoff 
After rallies and F1, Jean Todt succeeds Mosley as FIA president
Does coaching certainty put the Redskins in a better position to win? Probably not.
Witnesses to the killing of UConn football player Jasper Howard are being threatened not to come forward
If you are a fan of the sport disc golf you gotta see this!!
Nevada, Idaho combine for 115 points in Wolfpack win
World's longest golf course opens in Australia 
Cardinals to hire Mark McGwire as hitting coach?
Cardinals' defense beats back Giants, 24-17
Baseball analyst Steve Phillips fired by ESPN after admitting affair
Buccaneers v Patriots at Wembley - Great occasion but showpiece fails to prove NFL’s point
Rancid NFL teams prove to be bookmakers' nightmare
(NFL News)  Neither Detroit nor Tennessee lost this weekend!!
108 Miles of Blood and Guts: The 2009 World Series
Juande Ramos has been sacked by CSKA Moscow after just 47 days in charge
Video: Phillies Fan Falls Off Moving Cab. Welcome to the World Series!
NFL Week 7: The Lessons of Feast or Famine
Maria Sharapova did FHM India
Mullen gets his reprimand from SEC - SEC continues  to have shoddy officiating and angry coaches.
No tweet zone: McLachlin breaks rule.  Disciplinary action unlikely. 
Rick Reilly's Missing Links will become a film - potentially starring Steve Carell
The sporting world has gone Green Man
Bill Simmons - Why Patrick Ewing Was the 39th Best Player Ever
Ex-Team Executive Sounds an Alarm on N.F.L. Head Trauma
WAGs of the 2009 MLB World Series
Chiefs tell Johnson to stay away after comments
Agassi did crystal meth??? whoda thunk it
NCAA suspends OK St. WR Dez Bryant one calendar year for lying about NOT committing a violation.
The super-studs: inside the secretive world of racehorse breeding
Andre Agassi says he used crystal meth during playing days
I don't know why meth gets such a bad press. It worked for Agassi.
Harvesting baseball's 'magic mud' (a family business since 1920)
Ill Lesnar won't fight Carwin at UFC 106
Carling have every reason to be worried about their Cup
Renaming of St James’ Park is a flawed notion which must not and cannot stand
The Wild Agassi
IMSA GTV Gallardo LP 560-4
Deaf high school football team says hear this - We're 8-0
Small glove maker lands giant MLB deal
Woman who allegedly offered sex for World Series seats gets her free tickets after all
Possible ESPN flash for people who can't watch the games
Like the team, Blazers' online video was erratic on opening night
West Ham footballer Calum Davenport charged with assaulting his sister
Newcastle supporters' trust calls for Mike Ashley to quit
Work begins at Donald Trump's Scottish golf course at Balmedie
Commissioner Criticized Over N.F.L.'s Handling of Players' Brain Injuries
Why? Why Carolina?
World Series Game One: The View From Cleveland
Pedro Sounds off - Zimmer combative, apologetic
Brett Favre returns to Green Bay.  Chances are goddamned excellent, you will be able to watch.
Video: The Hardest Pop Warner Hit Ever 
Redskins find another way to alienate fan base

High School QB passes the ball behind his back. Pretty impressive.
Cliff Lee behind the back catch at world series game 1 2009
Chad Ochocinco is doing tonight's Top Ten on Letterman. Here's a sneak peek.
The Sports Guy Bill Simmons goes all Riley Martin on us talking about aliens invading Springfield, MA. Sort of. Ok, not exactly. He's talking about what would happen if an alien visited the Basketball Hall of Fame.
Random House cancels publication of disgraced ref Donaghy's book after independent evaluation
NBA League Pass just put out streaming apps for Android and iPhone.  Their blackouts still suck.
Villanova basketball kicks off the season with a rally that included a group dance to Michael Jackson's Thriller
Pearl Jam gives World Series score updates during their shows in Philadelphia
Phillies Put Faith in an Unsteady Hamels
Andre Agassi admits to wearing a wig on the ATP tennis tour
Down and drained Cole Hamels 'can't wait for it to end' - eMoLB 
Women: Raiders' Coach Cable has violent history
That'll teach 'em?  Marbury mounts a sit-in.
Chicago Bulls Weekly Roundup 
The A-Rod Centaur painting above A-Rod's bed.  Half horse half A-rod.
Silly Newspaper...The World Series isn't Over | Newspaper apologizes for running ad congratulating Phillies on back-to-back championships.
Erin Andrews' hot assistant, security detail always close by
Once again, I'll let The Onion articulate my feelings for me.
Has anyone ever received written consent from Major League Baseball to use their content?
Beckham signs loan back to AC Milan for six months, then plans to head back to LA Galaxy after 2010 World Cup next summer
An American wins New York Marathon, but others say not really, because he isn't a natural born citizen.
Rovell: NYC Marathon Winner Is Only Technically An American
That's a lot of balls!: Bobcats - Nets, match-up for the ages.
The beef between Chris Paul and Rajon Rondo--I don't see it here!
It started with Jacques Plante. It remains the most unique piece of equipment in team sports. It's the goalie mask, and Bucci pays tribute with a look at 30 current hockey lids.
No more critical signs?  Take this, Dan Snyder!
Maria Sharapova apparently dating L.A. Laker Sasha Vujacic
Does anyone read Mobile SI on their phone, and click on links under their Truth and Rumors section? Seriously, WTH is this shit?
Syracuse Orange stunned by D-II Le Moyne College Dolphins in exhibition
The late Dan Osman speed climbing a cliff (video).
Toyota withdraws from Formula 1
United 3-3 CSKA! What a game! Valencia's 2nd Champions league goal against CSKA Moscow ensured that United are through to the Knockout stage! But Fletcher deserved to be booked by the stupid ref, well he deserved a kick from the penalty spot!
Toyota pulls out of Formula One
Was Dodgers’ Padilla Shot By Own Bodyguard?
Newcastle to rename stadium 'sportsdirect.com@StJames'Park'
Teflon Teixeira dodges criticism amid slump - .105 in the WS
A profitable market for used torches has sprung up online, with 100 days to go before the Olympic torch relay arrives to light the opening of the 2010 Winter Games.
The Ontario Hockey League came down hard on Erie Otters forward Michael Liambas on Wednesday, suspending him for the entire season after a hit that left his opponent with serious head injuries. 
Grab your friends (and $10K), rent out Fenway's Classic rink
The 20 best blocks of LeBron James' career
Les clients d'Énergie Cardio choisissent une meilleure santé et qualité de vie
Renault considers Formula One future after Toyota exit
Angry Jack Warner handbags England's bid to host 2018 World Cup 
Robots are the future of sports journalism?
ECU's athletic department organizes Pirate Out for tonight's game against Va Tech
Thanks to Marcus Jordan, did Nike just steal UCF from Adidas? 
Sterling discrimination suit seems to fit NBA just fine 
Video: They do still race like this (at least here they do): Ari Vatanen, Rally Isle of Man 1983
David Haye says he's more afraid of his mum than Nikolai Valuev
Women's soccer players get a bit dirty. [sexily misleading headline, sfw]
Florida Gators coach Urban Meyer fined $30,000 by SEC for criticizing officials.
Ron Artest is (still) a class act. He said this after a recent game with the Houston Rockets -  I wanted to (choke Ariza) because he hit me with the elbow... I got hit with three or four elbows. It's just not fair. I don't want to fight.
N. Mexico suspends hair-pulling soccer player who played too rough against  BYU
College spreading NFL quarterbacks thin.  Running the spread in college might hamper would-be pro QBs
Kobe reaches 24,000 points, leads Lakers past Griz youngest to do so.
Melee Ensues During Redskins-Falcons Game After A Late Hit On Matt Ryan [video]
Manchester United's Wayne Rooney warned by FA over '12 men' remark
Hockey fans: Glen Metropolit goes 4 for 4 in target practice in ridiculous fashion (1:00 mark)
Fired Memphis Coach Begs University To Kill Football Program (VIDEO)
The New York Yankees are un-American
Snow kayaking. Yes, it is as awesome as it sounds.
Top 10 Plays By 2009 Hockey Hall of Fame Inductees [vid]
Girls' Soccer Brawl 
I see your BYU/NewMexico girls fight and raise you this...[vid]
All Blacks' Dan Carter banned for one week over high tackle against Wales
Notts County on brink of winding-up proceedings
Pre-Game coin toss makes Jacksonville Jaguars realize randomness of life.
Mavericks' Mark Cuban interested in L.A. Dodgers
Falcons TE Tony Gonzalez &amp; hot wife pose naked for PETA
Tide's Ingram on verge of making history 
Mariners sign Ken Griffey Jr. for one more season
Griffey to return to Mariners for 22nd year in majors
Hilarious letter from a fan to the players of Grimsby Town FC
NHL's general managers to study making blindside hits illegal
Jordan taps Wade to wear 25th anniversary shoe
The Chicago Tribune's Rick Morrissey eats his words about the Bulls' Joakim Noah -- literally
Mark McGwire and the St. Louis Cardinals need to come completely clean about performance-enhancing drugs - ESPN
Having it all isn't good enough for some people.
Captain Morgan had a plan to donate money to charity every time an NFL player did the Captain pose after a touchdown.  NFL squashes their plans and bans the pose.  Real nice guys...
Was Mike Tyson the best boxer ever?
Alex Ferguson hit with FA fine and two-match touchline ban for comments about referee 
Depression Haunted Goalkeeper Robert Enke, Who Was Killed by Train
Chelsea's Frank Lampard fears long lay-off after flying home hurt
The Bears are who we thought they were!!
Racing on Carbon Fiber Legs: How much technology should be allowed in competitive sports?
Cincinnati Bengals' Chad Ochocinco fined $20K for attempted 'bribe', sources say - ESPN
Any of you older sports fans remember this guy?
Crimson Tide Cougar/Fan Shakes It To Black Eyed Peas
Nowadays, MLB athletes take HGH and steroids to become better players, in 1970, Dock Ellis took LSD and threw a no-hitter (with an animated short film of the day)
Barefoot runners say they’ve found the soul of the sport - The Boston Globe
Punch an opposing player in the face, get fined 
$7,500. Yell at a ref and hurt his feelings, get fined
$20,000. How does this make any sense?
The 10 Funniest Moments In Sports Fan History
Hong Kong Super Series 2009: Lee Chong Wei vs Gade Final?
New UFC Octagon Girl pics
Disappointment for Matthew Hatton as IBO title tilt against Lovemore N'dou ends in a draw
Cincinnati shakes early mistakes as Pike's 2 part-time TDs doom WVU 
After rough week, Phelps admits he's 'not in the greatest shape' - Fourth-Place Medal - OLY - Yahoo! Sports
Yachting: new rules should guarantee future of Volvo Ocean Race
Coming Soon: The Ron Artest Movie (Fight Scene Included)
Aroldis Chapman says defection from Cuba straightforward - ESPN
Ask Sports: Anyone else enjoying the MLS playoffs?
Barclay's OT kick puts Ohio St in Rose Bowl, 27-24 - College Football - Rivals.com
Danica Patrick signs a fan's manboobs
Stafon Johnson speaks, heroically refrains from berating SC teammates - Dr. Saturday - NCAAF - Yahoo! Sports
Hendrick denies having a deal with Patrick - NASCAR - Yahoo! Sports
slakers
Football gossip
Jenson Button increasingly likely to join Lewis Hamilton at McLaren
Kentucky's Eric Bledsoe Sinks a Circus Shot vs Morehead State
Manny Pacquaio has a soft side too
On the eve of greatness: pressure and sports prodigies - CNN.com
Dennis Rodman Thrown in German Jail for Skipping Out on Hotel Bill
Argentina vs Italy live streaming FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup Dubai 2009,Argentina vs Italy Free Online TV, Watch Argentina vs I | BoloIndia
Cincinnati: The NFL's Home For Second Chances
John Wall is a Beast - Buzzer Beater vs. Miami (OH)
All out fight in basketball Lokomotiv-Dynamo game
Chiefs WR Bowe suspended for drug violation - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Titans Owner Fined $250,000 for Flipping Off Bills Fans
Bills fire Jauron; Wilson undecided on interim coach
San Diego as the world's sports area?
SALT: Sodium advances level of training. Who else uses sports as an excuse to pour salt on their salt?
Buffalo Bills Fire Dick Jauron - WHO'S NEXT?
No. 2 Michigan State escapes with a win over Gonzaga , 75-71.
Andy Murray to face Roger Federer in ATP World Tour Finals group stages
Cribbs not practicing for Browns after injury - a retaliation on Brady's hit?
Lebron to ditch Cavaliers for Browns?
Elena Delle Donne Returns to Basketball
Pistorius gets boost from prosthetic legs: study 
Dear Sammy Sosa: Has it made you happy, being white?
New York Jets coach Rex Ryan says crying example of being true to himself...and the Jets problems stem from where?
I didn't think i would see anything more disheartening than the dog of the bridge video...but some Bengals fans have proven me wrong...Don't they remember what happened to the Titans? Have fun with your curse [vid]
Love sports but hate the industry? Dave Zirin is helping to start a Sports Fan Coalition.
Larry Johnson is a genius?  Disruptive behavior a winning formula for Johnson - He gets a raise, goes to a potential playoff team, and a place he can improve his stats come free agency time.
Ingram breaks free in race for Heisman.  
David Cay Johnston: Sports as a tool to steal from taxpayers 
Ricky Hatton 'set for Marquez showdown'
Road to South Africa: Regarding Henry -He is a cheat.
The Jersey Sports Fan
Former players say Kansas coach is abusive and might have some weight issues.   ‘Don’t you ‘yes sir’ me. I’ll send you back to St. Louis where you can get shot by your homies.”’
Imagine an NHL Without Detroit . . . It Could Happen
Police arrest 17 suspects in over 50 raids across Europe during UEFA's biggest ever match fixing investigation, involving up to 200 European football games
World-Series Time Lapse [vid]
Two LA Clippers Broadcasters Suspended For Insensitive Remarks 
In Diplomatic Crisis, Ireland Presses a Demand on France: World Cup Rematch! 
More effective Scaptions for Shoulders
UFC 106 Free Picks
Kerry Vera and Kim Couture: Great Pics and Fight
How bad are the Knicks and Nets? Hint: Sometimes they shoot at the wrong basket.
Man Utd To Make Rooney League's Best-Paid Player On £170k-a-week 
Black and Blue - Will Rich Rodriguez be back as the Wolverines coach in 2010?
Video: Nate Robinson shoots on wrong basket, D'Antoni snaps
Is there still a code in the NFL?
Why you can't watch your out-of-market NFL team despite there being no other game on.
2009 MLB Least Valuable Players And Other Anti-Award Winners 
SICK goal by David Perron 
WWE TLC Tickets San Antonio
live game streams updated every 15 minutes from other sites. new ones added as the old ones die out. 
ESPN on Michael Jordan's Gambling into Baseball for a year.
Rodel Mayol wins WBC Light-fly Crown
Calcio Storico Fiorentino, Costume Foot Ball Game of Florence, Italy
Thierry Henry said to be close to quitting
Chargers' Antonio Cromartie: Making it rain, you're doing it wrong.
Video: Kobe Bryant Behind The Backboard Shot
Slumping Broncos fighting among themselves
The Southern most American Football league in the World. Wellington New Zealand.
Mauer near-unanimous pick as American League MVP
Rodman Vs. Malone. '98 Finals.
Watch Fiorentina vs Lyon Live Stream soccer Video And Highlights On Pc
Getting punched in the head repeatedly can kill
Stuttgart vs Rangers Live Streaming Video Telecast on ESPN TV | Champions League 2009
Donald Trump issues abusive statement against golf course opponent
Wigan players offer supporters a refund as an apology for 9-1 thrashing at Spurs
Phil Jackson jokingly blames Pau Gasol's injury on 'CSI: Miami' 
Ryan surprised by Pats' deep attempt
Next Monday, Saints VS. Patriots. Who is going to win and why? Cross-dressers welcome.
Video: Ole Miss Racist
Mauer named AL's MVP
Emma Watson takes in a hockey game
Top 15 1st Base Players - Fantasy Baseball 2010
Albert Pujols wins 2nd straight NL MVP award 
4 NBA teams share 1st place with 11-3 records
Should Detroit continue to be a host for the Thanksgiving Classic games?
Report: Iverson set to retire... seeya in a few months
Hossa scores twice in Blackhawks debut 
Broncos end four-game skid with win over Giants - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
QB Edwards enters ASU a leader, will leave a legend
Top 10 goals of the decade (w/ video links)
COOL STORY: Keith Mason has worked the chains at every BYU game the last 46 years. Today is his last game.
Commissioner Selig plans to step down after 2012 -- chicagotribune.com
 Appalachian State beats SCS in a game with 1 offensive TD and 33 points.
Tebow leads the University of Tebow over some other team that used to be good.
Why are more college football teams wearing Oregon-style uniforms that frankly look stupid? Blame Nike
Tennessee Titans play football
Pete Carroll wasn't classless for calling the deep bomb, but for inciting his team's taunting of defeated UCLA
MMA Fans Have a New Favorite Moron
Week Twelve's 'Football Douchebag of the Week': Hines Ward
So who does Louisville get to coach football?
8 Sports Studies That Defy Common Sense
BYU QB Max Hall issues apology regarding Utah comments
YouTube - BYU's Max Hall Hates Utah
The 2009 NFL All-Criminal Team
That was the funny thing, the more he won, the more I wanted him to lose. And once he started losing, I found myself pulling for him to win.

Report: Allen Iverson Meeting With Sixers
Now what for Notre Dame? - 15 years of self-inflicted wounds has taken the program down a notch despite many of its competitive advantages.
Sources: Florida State coach Bobby Bowden to announce retirement Tuesday - ESPN
Tiger Woods withdraws from his own tourney, won't attend - ESPN
Florida Panther Keith Ballard nearly kills Tomas Vokoun (his own goalie)
Giants place Pierce on IR. G-Men to finish #3 in the NFC East?
Ovechkin knees Tim Gleason and gets injured [crappy video]
Rent out your Louisville home on Kentucky Derby weekend
Bowden says he has not decided on his future but ESPN says he is retiring
Somewhere Over Dwayne Bowe: Hope you all enjoyed your turkey: a few post-Thanksgiving treats
Marion Jones Aims for a Comeback, in Basketball - NYTimes.com
Disgraced track star Marion Jones may be ready to attempt a comeback ... in the WNBA. [vid]
So Bowden has struggled since the ACC went from a basketball conference to a football conference as well by adding 3 football schools.  Competition isn't good for the legend's legend.
Ward sorry for questioning Big Ben's toughness - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Tiger Woods And The World's Most Expensive Traffic Ticket - tiger woods accident 
I don't know if /r/sports is aware of how ridiculous Crazy Horse Charles Bennett is. Here's one small example.
Tiger Woods Cheating Scandal Grows, Other Woman Coming Forward With Voicemails
Tell Derek [Jeter] to enjoy the gold glove and silver slugger awards while he can.
The best and worst across 10 years in sports - Yahoo! Sports
Filling the holes in Chicago
Interview with Ron Artest: I used to drink Hennessy at halftime
Back off the Detroit Lions Thanksgiving tradition, communists. Hasn't Detroit suffered enough?
Southwestern Athletic Conference: Worst Basketball records by one league at one time?
DAE think that Bobby Knight is the John Madden of College Basketball announcing?
Rachel Uchitel to break silence on relationship with Tiger Woods 
In regards to BYU QB Max Hall shooting off his mouth and saying he hates the University of Utah and its fans, remember that rivalries breed trash talk, and immature behavior.
Gilbert Arenas Feels Profiled By The Refs
EV Cup electric car racing series to light up tires in 2011
Cincinnati Bengals vs Kansas City Chiefs Tickets
2018 World Cup bidders present cases in Cape Town
Was Sanchez wrong for not sliding during the Bills game?
World Cup Draw Results
Runners High n’ Tri Ride n’ Tie competition a fun killer workout
AP source: Flyers fire Stevens - NHL - Yahoo! Sports
Does anyone love listening to Hubie Brown talk basketball as much as I do.
Why does soccer struggle for popularity in the states? Here's a look at the way 4 different news outlets (one of them British) treated the news of the World Cup Draw yesterday.
Spain first team to succesfully defend Davis Cup since Sweden in '98
This was the best Idea for the Canadiens Centennial.  I have never seen so many hockey legends skate together
Appalachian St. 35, Richmond 31 
Jake Gyllenhaal has a Steelers tramp stamp.  4:00 mark
LOLNFL: Week 12 | kissingsuzykolber.com
 This Man Deserves The Badassest Nickname Humanly Possible | Chris Johnson
Boxing: Khan takes quick step towards greatness
Anyone know where I can get the CFB Bowl Schedule in Outlook format?
If you blinked, you missed the UFL
Tim Donaghy (Gambling NBA Ref) Interview – 60 Minutes – 12/6/2009
Proposed new GAA Rule Changes. 5 new rules in Hurling and 7 in Football
Islanders defenceman Witt hit by car; will still play tonight
A Google search for The Pacific Institute University of Alabama comes up with a blog that says we brainwashed them. I say, if it helps them to win a BCS championship without cheating, how bad can it be? (You have to search for the first blog)
Peter Gammons Leaving ESPN
Video: Andre Iguodala nails a Full Court shot vs Denver Nuggets
[Pipe Dream]  A compromise between the bowls and a real playoff.  Your thoughts?
Ex-NBAer Dominique Wilkins Visits New York School
Burress seeks furlough, NY prosecutors to oppose - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Why does ticketmaster have their greedy hands in the Broncos playoff pot?
Yankees re-sign Pettitte - $11.75M for 1 year?!
Curtis Granderson more than a good player
Watch Bradley VS Peterson Live Free
Boxer Manny Pacquiao is running for office in the Philippines. This can't end well. [Slate Magazine]
Taking the advice of a neurological expert, Houston Texans RB Steve Slaton out for the rest of the NFL season
Baseball-tawk w/ Tiger Woods
Watch Kelly Pavlik VS Miguel Angel Espino Fight

Another Tiger Woods Song: Be Like Jeter, Tiger!
Golf legend Seve Ballesteros will be honoured with the Lifetime Achievement award at Sunday's BBC Sports Personality of the Year...
Al Charron to carry the Olympic Torch in downtown Ottawa tomorrow!
D O double G coaching peewee football.  
Cross country skiing comes to the Midwest
Athletes resort to pickle juice and other odd foods to boost performance - The Boston Globe
Kobe breaks finger.  Still comes back to help Lakers win 11th straight.
10 Biggest Dunking Fails of All-Time
Video: Corey Brewer Dunks On Derek Fisher
Ryan Giggs wins 2009 BBC Sports Personality award 
Denver Broncos receiver Brandon Marshall sets NFL mark with 21 catches in loss to Indianapolis Colts - ESPN
Let Manning try to clinch MVP Thursday - AFC South Blog - ESPN
Jackson ties NFL record for long TDs as Eagles get shootout win over Giants
Brandon Marshall sets NFL record for catches
Merge@Crossroads Heats Up American Airlines Arena
Tennessee coach Lane Kiffin says NCAA recruiting investigation is a compliment 
Consequences of accepting the head coaching job at Notre Dame
NBA commissioner David Stern: Gambling is good 
Eritrean National Football Team Disappears
John Lackey agrees to 5-year deal with Boston Red Sox
So, based on this deal today (Phils/Jays/M's), I have to ask - where does this trade rank all-time?
Alleged Tiger Woods hooker Loredana Jolie fame-starved, says boss
Sports Becomes Increasingly Boring As Death No Longer Punishment For Losing 
 Germany's Michael Ballack plays down World Cup chances
Vitali Klitschko claims 'preliminary agreement' to fight David Haye
Kings owner: Gambling odds in NBA's favor - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
Barkley, Spike Lee worry about Woods
Happy Hour: Danica drives a polarizing express - NASCAR - Yahoo! Sports
Mark Ingram talks about emotional Heisman night, relationship with father - Dan Patrick.com
Pittsburgh Pirates Make Exciting Acquisition Of New Hot Dog Machine
The Tiger Woods story grows bigger, and juicier -- latimes.com
Hideki Matsui signs with Angels
Second Winter Classic Planned in Canada for 2011
Tiger Woods Linked to PEDs: Will the Biggest Tiger Bomb of All Explode? 
Pac-10 will consider expansion
To those critical of Brian Kelly for not coaching the Bearcats in the Sugar Bowl: This is common practice in college football (See: Cincinnati's new hire Butch Jones)
Stephen Colbert is on the Cover of Sports Illustrated... Here are some outtakes from the photo shoot.
Report:  Redskins chasing Bruce Allen
What have Tiger and Chris Henry taught us? When involved in a domestic dispute, DO NOT get into an automobile!
Zombie set to coach Marshall.  Doc Holliday returns, vows to utilize the Pistol to slaughter the competition.
Earnest Graham Suspects 30 Percent Of NFLers Use HGH 
PGA chief begins the Tiger asslicking
The most lopsided NHL trades of the last decade - Puck Daddy - NHL Blog - Yahoo! Sports
Darko plans European return as he can't get off Knicks bench - Detroit drafted him ahead of Anthony, Bosh, Wade, and Walton
A decent analysis of a common Fantasy Football dilemma...
Fired Over Fantasy Football: The Unfortunate Case of Cameron Pettigrew
Imagine that: fighting, getting smacked with pucks and bashed with sticks while on ice skates causes brain damage.
 Draw sees Beckham back at Man Utd &amp; Mourinho at Chelsea
Sources: Head-butts cost Buffalo Bills guard Richie Incognito $50K - ESPN
A Deceased Player, Reggie Fleming, Connects Hockey to Brain Injuries
Hoop Dreams 
Dear /r/sports, anyone know where I can get a poster of the 1980 hockey game (Miracle on Ice)
The 40 Hottest Female Athletes Of The Decade
Unethical-conduct charges against Arizona State University baseball coaches and staff are among 10 total violations alleged by the NCAA
It's must-win, crunch time for Dolphins
Jerry Jones is hoping to have more than 100,000 people in Cowboys Stadium for the NBA all-star game in February.
Penn State women's volleyball wins 3rd-straight NCAA Championship, now 102 wins in a row
Elin Nordegren could be paid more than $50 million extra for sticking with Tiger Woods
Can submitters to this subreddit please use tags to make it clear what sport the link is about.
This is the best picture of Tom Brady I've ever found.
2010 College Football Coaches on the Hot Seat Candidates
City of San Francisco Threatens to Sue MLB
Rivals.com College Football - The dynamics of a coaching search
Johnson, Schaub lead Texans past Rams 16-13 - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
NFL Team Report: Favre Talking Retirement -- with a Title - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
N.F.L. Acknowledges Long-Term Concussion Effects
Brandon Marshall wears Chris Henry's jersey, since Ochocinco didn't
New Jersey high school basketball player is only 16, but Marvadene Anderson is already a giant on the court. At just under 6-foot-11 -- and still growing -- she's the world's tallest teenage girl.
Tide players pass on travel cash in the name of solidarity - Dr. Saturday - NCAAF Blog - Yahoo! Sports
SpikeTV's TNA Wrestling Gets A Message From Its Most Passionate FanBase
Holmgren agrees to join Browns as team president - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Steelers sign Joey Galloway, plus long snapper - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Browns' Quinn done for final 2 games of season - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Kelly would have coached Cincinnati in title game - College Football - Rivals.com
Fiancee of Bengals' Henry speaks at his funeral - NFL
On your bike: Why Chris Hoy is more of an inspiration than Fabio Capello | Sport | guardian.co.uk
Van Persie Will Most Likely Miss the Rest of Arsenal's Campaign this Season.
No. 2 Texas Defeats No. 9 Michigan State
When Kite Surfing Goes Wrong
BYU dominates Oregon State in an extremely windy game. Video with highlights.
Rumor: Mike Tyson to Host WWE RAW
Sports reddit, which RB should I start in my fantasy championship?
The Most Painful Figure Skating Falls
ESPN: Audibles a source of Favre friction
So /r/sports, who do you think has the cushiest job in professional sports?
NBA Mid-Season Award Predictions | The Hoop Doctors
Here's likely the only highlight reel you've seen about Suh before December - Ndamukong Suh Ticketed For Driving his Range Rover into 3 Parked Cars.
Utah extends nation's longest bowl game winning streak with 37-27 win over Cal
Ex-Jaguar Taylor challenges fans, says team could be L.A.-bound
Feel the Pain: 5 Best MMA Slams
George Michael, of 'Sports Machine' fame, dies
Jaws Still Believes in Jay Cutler
Bruschi: Colts picked the wrong time to rest
Sarah Thomas: The first female to officiate a bowl game
Google Books has Baseball Digest from back in the day! Boy does this bring back memories
Good for you Micheal Vick. Now get a starting job and scramble like your job depends on it.
Shane Warne Magic Ball
Football Personalities As Mario Kart Characters
The Ping-Pong Prodigy
North Shore &gt; Jersey Shore
In Peter King's latest column, he calls the 2006 Colts the obvious Superbowl frontrunner come playoff time.  Except when you go back to 2006 he had the 3rd seeded AFC playoff team ranked the 7th best NFL team at the end of the reg. season.
No, I don't think so...With a Stoner machine gun no one should ever get that close.
47-year-old Evander Holyfield will challenge Francois Botha for the lightly regarded WBF world heavyweight title in Uganda on Jan. 16.
Bohls: Nobody wins in the Mike Leach mess
Cubs sign Marlon Byrd; I will now hang myself
the washington bullets make a comeback
Report: Shanahan to make $50 million with Redskins?
Knicks' 5'7 Nate Robinson comes out of Coach's doghouse after missing 14 games, to score 25 of his 41 points in 4th quarter and OT to win the game!
Top seed Federer loses 2010 opener - CNN.com
USC Trojans self-impose postseason ban, forfeit wins on NCAA rules violations
The 2010 McChumpies: A look at what next year will bring in the NFL, MBA, NHL, PGA, college football and Major League Baseball
Both NFC wild card games will be rematches of games played this week (Philly at Dallas, Green Bay at Arizona).  Has this ever happened before?
Source: New England Patriots' Wes Welker tears ACL, MCL - ESPN Boston
NY Jets Shutout Bengals 37-0
After sunday's miserable showing at the meadowlands, Ochocinco offers to bring jets superfan Fireman Ed to Cincy to see a real game.
Jets player agrees it's time for Bills coach to move along...[video]
NFL Commissioner Goodell: the NFL will consider offering incentives to teams playing late-season games to discourage them from resting their starters for the playoffs.
Over breakfast in Copper Mountain, Colo., on Dec. 13, the snowboarder Kevin Pearce talked about the wicked crash in the halfpipe that shattered his ankle in June. It kept him off his snowboard until November.
Bowling goes absurdly expensive.
Adam Morrison Steals a High Five - Sadly, it doesn't get recorded in the stats
A mans devotion to the Green Bay Packers saves his life
Top 10 NFL Players Who Wear Number 10
Tiger Woods maintains a big sponsor...but for how long? What if he never goes back into golf? 
ESPN: Mike Shanahan, Washington Redskins Agree To 5 Year Contract
Mark Cuban rips NFL for scheduling of Dallas Cowboys game
Week 17 Morning Aftermath: McDaniels should be on the hot seat
Houston high school basketball team gets record win, 170-35
NFL:  Thought on this past season?
YouTube video of Clint Dempsey goal
USA wins gold medal in Junior Hockey Championship
A baseball Hall of Fame ballot breakdown
When an entire busload of players fails to arrive for the biggest game of the season, the first place you look is the bus driver. 
Uncuffed you say? Must be a football cap.
NBA weighs suspension for Washington Wizards' Gilbert Arenas
You Play To Win The Game (video sequel to 'Press Hop')
Did JaMarcus ditch Raiders for Vegas? 
Ken Block 2009 Highlights Slo-Mo &amp; Hi-Def [vid]
Olympics or bust as Rawlinson removes implants
NFL playoffs: New York Jets coach Rex Ryan says team should be favored to win Super Bowl - ESPN
Top Rank promoter Bob Arum says the Manny Pacquiao-Floyd Mayweather fight is off
Mark McGuire possibly returning to baseball as a player?
High School Football In A Texas Inner City. Unreal. [video]
Carlos Boozer is one of the hot names in possible trades these days.  Who could he be traded for?
Gilbert Arenas deletes his twitter page.  For a couple days there, that was an endless fountain of hilarity.
First and foremost, not only do I want to fight Manny Pacquiao, I want to whip his punk ass.
Learn about Bourré, the card game that took Gilbert Arenas down
Hey only head football coach USF has ever had has just been fired.
Seahawks fire Mora after one season
Way-too-early 2010 college football predictions (Top 25)
'Are NFL punters the most valuable defensive players on their teams? Punters think so...and so do an increasing number of coaches and teams.'
Agonizing night for Texas QBs
Were the Seahawks really that bad this year?
A list of things as awesome as the BCS
NFL Playoff Picks: Wildcard Round 
Togo withdraws from African Cup of Nations, says Adebayor - CNN.com
What it's like when the Saints return from a road trip.  (video)
Tommy Tuberville Accepts Texas Tech Head Coaching Position
Ice hockey game in the KHL cancelled due to lack of players after 18 match penalties and 651 penalty minutes. [VIDEO]
Chris Johnson twitters for Peyton's address to get his MVP
Pistons' Gordon scores NBA's 10 millionth point
Bills RB Marshawn Lynch accused of stealing $20 from woman at TGI Fridays.
A live blogg of the second half of the Packers-Cardinals game, from an unapologetic Packers fan.  Now?  I'm going to drink.  Heavily.
Arizona beats Green Bay, in overtime, in the highest scoring playoff game of all time.
Pete Carroll to take Seattle Seahawks coaching position 
Ali v. Holmes: the Fight that Should Not have Been « Columbia Neurosurgery
Do the LT Electric Glide (Video)
Carroll has turned in his resignation - USC looks in trouble.
first monday night football game (complete game)
Jayson Williams (finally) pleads guilty to 2002 limo driver shooting
Mark McGwire Blames Steroid Era? HE CREATED STEROID ERA!
It's time for me to talk about the past and to confirm what people have suspected. I used steroids during my playing career and I apologize. Mark McGwire's full statement
McGwire admits steriod use upon taking job as Cardinals hitting coach - in other news, the sun will set in the west today.
What is Jerry Sloan basketball?  Why do some players mesh and some fall out of favor?
LaDanian Tomlinson - The Electric Glide (Rap Video)
Mark McGwire's Pound of Flesh
I love Tuff Stuff's poll on whether or not Mark McGwire should get a Hall of Fame vote.
Bengals welcome back Zimmer
Former world champion Ricky Hatton confirms he is to return to the ring later this year 
Who watches hockey for the fights
Wayne still feeling snake-bitten by Reed
Sources: Arenas owned several hundred guns
The NHL now has a refereeing issue.
Using their newfound hatred for Lane Kiffin, a Knoxville shop is getting Vols to channel that into helping Haiti by having a Kiffin t-shirt drive.
Disappointment: 2009 NBA #1 draft pick Blake Griffin to have surgery, miss entire season
Mark McGwire not a Hall of Famer (and not because of steroids)

Sri Lanka overcome India to win Mirpur final

This isn't a knock on McNabb, exactly, but to all of the analysts who say the Eagles will be sorry if they get rid of Donovan...
Marlins to visit troops in Iraq, Kuwait 
Wizards' Arenas charged with felony gun possession
Weird and touching story about Ron Artest
Braylon Edwards' dad: Am I worried about him getting a reputation for dropping the football? No...he’s earned it.
Top 5 Fantasy Football Underachievers In 2009
Cowboys' Grantham named Dogs' defensive coordinator || OnlineAthens.com
Arenas pleads to felony gun charge
American Needle vs NFL - The biggest lawsuit in sports history? 
How did your team do in the Superdraft?  MLS Draft Grades - ESPN
Gilbert Arenas pleads guilty to a felony weapons charge without a license. 
NFL returns to Wembley in October with San Francisco 49ers v Denver Broncos game
Dallas Cowboys linecoach Grantham to be coordinator at Georgia
Video: Jamal Crawford's Long Buzzer Beater
Video: Man's Entire House Covered in Dallas Cowboys Memorabilia
You're Jerry Sloan, your rookie made a game-winning shot last game, what do you do?  Play him the next game? Sign him for the season?
Is Brees about to make his move?
If a Center snaps the ball, and the QB doesn't touch the ball, is it a fumble?
Ray Allen wants to limit fan voting
The best Hockey goal you'll ever see. [video]
Why is the lateral pass not used more in American football?
Cal Ripken: Steroid User?
Pictures from the first day of the Australian Open.
Interesting article on actual playing time in an NFL game. 
Expect a work stoppage that either delays or cancels the 2011 NFL season  (SI's Peter King)
Thomas Jones, The NFL's Indestructible Man, makes a living launching himself into a crowd of men, each of whom can generate enough force with their bodies to knock over a rhinoceros.
It’s Time for a New Kind of All-Star Game
If Football Jargon was Nightlife Lingo: From A to Z
5 Professional Athletes I Don't Want to Run Into In A Dark Alley
Where are the dumb NBA GMs ready to give up the Pau Gasols for spare change? The Utah Jazz could use that about now
Univ. of Tennessee fans, what do you think of coach Dooley?
NBA slam dunk champion HAS to return to defend his win, it's in the rules - no, not really Nate Robinson
The latest estimate of the cost of the Olympics to be borne by the public is $6.1 billion (pie chart)
Cartlon Fisk takes Steroid users to task
And now for something completely different: Kids vs Elephants Soccer Match
Thank goodness there was no Global Warming 100 years ago.  We might not have ever heard of Michael Jordan
A West Yorkshire Teacher has smashed the world throw-in distance record
UFC heavyweight champion Brock Lesnar is returning to action this summer, citing a miraculous recovery from the digestive disease that caused him to lost 40 pounds.
Carter Says No to Shaq's Dunk Contest Idea
I come here, and...breathe this championship air and get these weird injuries and fight through them.’’
Shaquille O’Neal Hits 28,000 Career Points
ESPN's Ombudsman, I wish he was in charge of sports on ESPN
Possibly the most depressing thing I've ever seen.  Compare your annual salary to that of professional athletes
The Decade in Sportsmanship....a review of the greatest acts of sportsmanship since 2000
Capirossi: Real men go road racing, MotoGP is for girls
When Blitzing Peyton Manning Is a Bad Idea
NBC Should've Learned from Brett Favre
Jets acknowledge Marty Schottenheimer
KOBE just became the youngest player to 25,000 points and against LeBron.  Go Kobe!
The Dakar, Big Shots
This Day in History 1973: In a huge upset Foreman beats Frazier to win heavyweight title in Jamaica
Phillies ink Victorino to a 3-year $22 million dollar deal.  GO PHILS!
NBA athletes want All-Star voting changes: “I like the fact that the fans get the opportunity to vote...but I don't think it should be 100%.”
Video: Lebron Raps At The Sideline
Anti-abortion group to screen ad at Super Bowl
Trainer disputes McGwire's steroids reasoning
Top Oakland Prospect Leaving Baseball For Priesthood
A walk on at Ohio State (basketball) has a blog.... its hilarious
12 year Old Quiksilver Skateboarder Alex deCunha 
Oakland A's Prospect Grant Desme Retires to Join the Priesthood
Allen Iverson says playing in the All Star game is a no-brainer
Conference Championship QBs: The Sexy Side of Things
Video: Jets Fan Names Newborn Son With Initials J.E.T.S.
Hicks agrees to sell Rangers to Nolan Ryan group - MLB - Yahoo! Sports
Was anyone else not aware that bowling had a gender barrier?
Live Stream of the party on Bourbon Street
A happy little composite of the pile of fail that is the Minnesota Vikings
Full Contact -- a new series that goes behind the scenes of the NFL
Suns shopping Amare Stoudemire...again
The entire college basketball system is a joke
More trouble for the Oregon Ducks.  Start QB is a person of interest in the theft of over $3000 worth of stuff from a fraternity.
Just saw something interesting on sportscenter, but don't have a link to it. Anyone else watching?
Wizards' Javaris Crittenton drops his I have done nothing wrong story.  Pleads guilty to misdemeanor gun charge
John Calipari is a dick. 
Part of me will always belong to you, says Schumi.
Obama welcomes the Lakers to the White House [Vid]
Hue Jackson will be Oakland Raiders new offensive coordinator, sources say
Compared to the rest of the NBA, how do the Utah Jazz draft picks hold up against other teams?
Stuart Holden leaves MLS and heads to the EPL to play for the Wanderers.
Game Changers: How Videogames Trained a Generation of Athletes
Joe Posnanski: The Sixth Stage -- Blog about KC Royals off-season moves like someone asking me what is the square root of Cheyenne.
Brock Lesnar reacts to his critics on health care in Canada
NIST releases final report on Cowboys facility collapse | ScienceBlog.com
St. Louis Cards sign Rich Hill... What, you really thought they were gonna get Holliday and Sheets in the same offseason?
As a Liverpool fan, days like to day can be crappy. But articles like this make me happy.  
MUFC is fjuuucked
How Congress was responsible for creating the New Orleans Saints
A-Rod chokes up when receiving playoffs MVP award -- Submitting for last few paragraphs.  Just how many awards do they need?
Dumb question. Where can I watch sports online?
Budding Germany Star Borrows Qualities From His Two Cultures
2010 NFL Mock Draft
Boras, Yankees bicker over Damon divorce
They debated it on PTI, what do you guys think? Should the Super Bowl be played on Saturdays?
Tasting Greatness in Your Own Home with BARRY SANDERS for the Super Bowl- eBay 
Sports Guy Bill Simmons to join bowling broadcast team this Sunday
LeBron $25,000 (pocket change to him) for kicking a water bottle
Bandy
Those needing a football fix this weekend may want to tune into the NFL Network Saturday afternoon when the top 45 U.S. players under the age of 19 take on the top 45 players from the rest of the world in the first Team USA v. The World game. 
Kevin Garnett Tells Craig Sager to Burn His Clothes
Did anyone else see the X-Games Skiing Big Air?
Hockey noob here - What do you guys think of the Canucks?
YouTube - 2010 Senior Bowl Highlights
Federer ends Murray's dream
Former NFL star wins MMA debut 
A great kickoff for Mardi Gras and the Super Bowl in New Orleans. Buddy D would be proud!
When Peyton still lived in his dad's shadow
France triumph at Euros: World and Olympic handball champions France beat Croatia 25-21 in the European championship final to become the first nation to hold all three titles at the same time.
Live text coverage of EPL transfer deadline day.
Scott McCarron needs to run for office
I've been recently been listening to this sports podcast Hang Up and Listen and I love it.  What are some other excellent sports podcasts?
Texas In The Big Ten? Not As Crazy As You Might Think.
So the SNL Da Bears sketch was right about heart attacks and football. Hmm...
Wacko political activist group organizing boycott of Super Bowl 
England's Tiger Woods? Not even close, although John Terry is definitely a scumbag. 
John Wall Willing To Tolerate Calipari For Six More Weeks Or So
Finally admitted (kind of):  US Soccer player has affair with teammate's wife
Race for the Ages (featuring Rachel Alexandra and Zenyatta) might be in the works.
Cha-Ching!!!  Brees Will Get New Contract Soon
The case for Jerry Rice as the greatest ever
Chuck Klosterman's Wide World of Sports
XXXVIII Lines About XLIV Super Bowl
Monta Ellis Over the backboard shot
New Jersey Devils trade for Atlanta LW Ilya Kovalchuk
LeBron's Chase Down Blocks Unofficially Kept As Stats | The Smoking Section
Seantrel Henderson Won Signing Day - national signing day - Deadspin
Football legend Michael Irvin accused of rape at Seminole Hard Rock - Breaking News - MiamiHerald.com
Terrence Cody tips scales at 370 at Senior Bowl - PICS
Activists Gear Up to Protest the 2010 Olympics
10 Worst Super Bowl Commercials of All-Time 
India South Africa Cricket series starts tomorrow, do you think the winner of this series will be crowned as undisputed world champions in test cricket? 
A Saints Fan Swallows Team Logo Earring
The Hardest Job in Football -- behind the scenes at an NFL broadcast
Duck on a Rock - You call it basketball.
Hoya fans not stopped by rain nor snow nor dark of night
5 Things You Didn't Know About Pete Rozelle
Veetle has decided to temporarily shut down its website during Super Bowl XLIV
Does working at a sports bar improve Hooters girls' football knowledge? No.  [VIDEO]
IRON MIKE TYSON DOES DANCING WITH THE STARS ... CHECK OUT THE SURREAL VIDEO AND PICS!
Live Re-enactment of the Superbowl (including Half-time show)
I don't get CBS. Is anyone streaming the Super Bowl online? Anyone at all?
Rate the 2010 Superbowl commercials
Marbury in China
I made the Saint's starting lineup (plus Chase Daniel, Pierre Thomas, and the Kicker) in cookies. (crossposted .com)
Colts greeted by 11 fans at airport.  
11 people show up to greet Colts on return to Indy. (These people don't deserve a good team.)
Is Deron Williams to blame for Carlos Boozer not getting a bid to the All Star Game? Or should we blame David Stern?
Lenny Cooke: Once a high-school basketball prodigy, now working at a food distribution warehouse.
Sean Payton's Play Calling Sheet (PIC)
Meanwhile, Florida State Oh So Quietly Vacates A Bunch Of Bobby Bowden's Victories - Florida State Seminoles - Deadspin
NBA's Amateur Dunk Contest Will Likely Overshadow the Real Thing [example: a 720-dunk](video)
Jesper Parnevik likely to retire due to back problems
In response to the Chicago bus post on the front page; I believe God is alive in Chicago.
9 Olympic gold medalists on US 2010-12 team roster
SI cover jinx:  Lindsey Vonn may miss Olympics due to shin injury
I was wondering, what would happen if New Orleans won the superbowl right before Mardi Gras... I found this little bit and wasn't disappointed - 
McShay Mock 2010
Devils take down Heels
Rick Pitino may be the next NJ Nets head coach
Idaho basketball coach blames officiating 100% for their loss. What a whiny little bitch.
Text DUKESUX To Roy Williams, Donate $10 To UNC Basketball Relief Efforts
The 2010 Olympic Games Open on Friday (along with a new subreddit)
Instead of Pitt. You will never guess who might be joining the Big 10. Ok fine, HOOK EM!
LaVar Arrington hits back at Clinton Portis' claims that Arrington doesn't have leadership skills and is only in it for the money. Hits back hard.
Hey Reddit, it's John Wall Man...
Lindsey Vonn is the latest Sports Illustrated cover curse?
Concerns are that it might be too big: with forecasts for 40+ ft. monster waves &amp; clear skies, Mavericks Surf Contest is scheduled for this Saturday. 
Upset specials: Douglas over Tyson is tops 
NBA seeks wage cuts: Collective bargaining proposal targets sweeping reductions in player salaries.
2010 Winter Olympics Live Online, only for those who have Cable and don't need it.
Former OSU coach Sean Sutton arrested for pain killer abuse.
Whoops. Dallas Stars captain Brendan Morrow scores on his own team.
Anyone see Steve Montador (Sabres) fall down behind his own goal?
Hilton Armstrong handshake steal
Should the NCAA ban eye black messages? Proposal possibly implemented by 2010 season
Racist hooligans plague Italian football beyond Italy's Euro2016 bid
Jetsprint boat racing - like Formula 1 racing, but with boats
Here is the list of Daytona 500 winners. Who will be the winner this year?
Top 5 iPhone Apps For The Vancouver Winter Olympics 2010
Spring training finances: the saga continues...
Arrest warrant filed on Floyd Landis for doping... I mean hacking
Welsh rugby player suspended for drunk driving... a golf cart...
McGrady and Knicks Nearing Completion on Deal?
Chinese team bag their first Winter Olympics Gold...very unlike the Games 2 years ago...
Snowboard Halfpipe Trick Library
For all you Arsenal fans out there. A lovely video, regardless if it was at the expense of the Reds.
Arrest Warrant Issued for Cyclist Landis 
Olympic Recap: Today's Gold, Silver, Bronze
Sources: San Diego Chargers shopping cornerback Antonio Cromartie for running back 
Tickets are gonna be cheap, so I'm going to go to at least on match this season, but what does r/sports think of the the MLS New York Red Bulls Arena in Harrison, NJ?
One of the most skilled bicycle riders you'll ever see.
Tiger Woods to break silence with public statement
The Top 10 Snowboarding Wipeout Videos
Kings trading Martin for McGrady 
Buy, Sell: The Winter Olympics
Ochocinco wants to play pro soccer in Europe if there is an NFL lockout.
Olympic Athlete Had Filed Warnings About Safety of Luge Track - NYTimes.com
Vanderbilt football recruit Rajaan Bennett killed in apparent murder-suicide
Huffo, please. Don't show me in the frontpage 
Olympic competition results, we are barely coping 
with NBC as it is, don't spoil it even more.
Can anyone in America view live content at the Canadian TV network?  I hope so, because it's got everything you could want including streaming tv.
One day after her horrific crash, Anja Pärson gets back onto the downhill course to claim bronze in the super combined
2010-11 NBA free-agents or why Summer 2010 will be crazy for NBA fans
Buffalo Bills starting right tackle Brad Butler announced his retirement on Thursday to do WHAT?
Hehehe.  How many things can you find wrong with this sports stock footage?
Amy Williams holds her nerve to win gold for Britain in bob skeleton
Letter to the IOC, the International Luge Federation, and the Canadian Luge Association about Whistler's track safety. And how he got stonewalled.
When did Shaq's face become the new logo for the Memphis Grizzlies?
It's funny how all the complaints about the medal standings being ranked by all medals instead of golds have completely stopped. I wonder why? (snark)
BBC Reporter Ed Leigh tries out skeleton bob sled
Canadian fans sing 'O Canada,' Canadian curling team wins - Fourth-Place Medal - 2010 Olympics Blog - Yahoo! Sports
Howard powers Magic to 101-95 win over Cavs 
Dane Cook is probably laughing right now. He's still not funny.
Incredible empty-net goal by Kesler puts the game away for the US hockey team. [VID]
Michael Farber breaks down Ovechkin pasting Jagr
TOYOTA NASCAR: Sultans of Speed
Olympic timing a high-tech affair
I'm filming a 30 minute TV piece. Anyone have any cool stories about any of the players of the East-West Shrine Game? 
Manny Ramirez: I know I’m not going to be here next year. If not LA, then where? I don’t know. I just know that I’m not going to be here.”
Olympics Facebook Fun - facebook in collaboration with the Vancouver Olympics site has some fun for users.
Babcock not ready to announce Luongo as starter
Inbound Fail
Canada struggling with high expectations - 2010 Olympics - Yahoo! Sports
Ovechkin earns gold for open-ice Jagr destruction; was it legal? - Puck Daddy - NHL Blog - Yahoo! Sports
NCAA Finds Michigan Broke Practice Rules
Mexico's bobsled team - epic story of the team's participation in past olympics.
Sven Kramer (the guy that called a reporter stupid) was winning and had a sure gold medal but DQed after a stupid mental error.
Tore Vikingstad - a real name of a real Olympian from Norway.
Indoor soccer goalie criminally dropkicks rival (video), days later he is awarded Player of the Week.
Toyota NASCAR Racing 2009 wins illustrations
Vince Carter Hits an 86-foot shot sitting down. Surprisingly from the ground not the bench [vid]
2010 Winter Games Ladies SP Judges Scores full breakdown
Ole Miss one step closer to their new mascot - Admiral Ackbar.
Editorial recall 1980 U.S. hockey Winter Games triumph as greatest Olympics achievement and notes that it was the beginning of end of true amateur games
A commentator on NBC suggested that far from owning the podium, the Canadians weren't even sub-letting it.
Suspend Tiger? PGA Tour Lacks Cojones 
UConn Pads Tourney Resume With Obvious Lie About Beating '92 Dream Team
Famous Athletes That Went to Prison [slideshow] 
Canada Wins Gold Party Kit 2010 (break in case of trying to win Olympic Hockey Gold)
We've seen the hell that an NFL career can wreak on a body over a period of time. If HGH can help protect and heal joints and muscles long-term, don't we owe it to the guys in this brutal profession to let them have this? -MJD
Forgot to take out his point format?
Flatt crowned No. 1 female figure skater in U.S. - Not even two bulging discs have kept 17-year-old Olympic hopeful Rachael Flatt, a senior at Cheyenne Mountain (Colorado Springs, Colo.), from reaching the pinnacle of American figure skating. 
Well here is a shocker; the NFL Players Union is against a test for HGH
If the Dutch have a witness protection program, this speed skatching coach may soon be applying
Getting caught on fire must run in Undertaker's family
McGwire saddened by brother's book on steroids - MLB - Yahoo! Sports
Unlovable Losers: the story of the 5-52 New Jersey Nets
NFL's Top Running Backs Hitting the Wall After 30 
The real agony of defeat video
Gatorade drops Tiger Woods as spokesperson - Sports Biz
Rookie Stephen Curry (NBA) - Awesome fake! Might be the best move of the season.
Curling: It's big on Wall Street. (BUY! BUY! BUY!)
Kentucky's Calipari: SEC crown means 'nothing'
Olympic Skiing - What's with the blue lines?
Germany won luge gold with conehead helmets. They were soon banned.
Today's Daily Dunk - Another CRAZY NCAA one - UMKC's Trey McKinney-Jones goes WAAAAY up to bang one down.
Great Britain, why do they get to form like Voltron?
Giant Trinity player FREAKS OUT on tiny Asian player...at squash match
What is the best college basketball comeback?
'Night Train' gives US 1st 4-man gold since 1948
Nickelback Playing Olympics Closing Ceremonies? 
Jordan faces challenges in owning the Bobcats - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
Bradford's weight could have him flying up the boards - Shutdown Corner - NFL Blog - Yahoo! Sports
'Game on!' for Vancouver Games crown - 2010 Olympics - Yahoo! Sports
Canada Defeats Norway to Take Curling Gold - NYTimes.com
As Team USA battles Canada for gold, Mike Eruzione is still golden 30 years later
Djibril Cissé: From Western Africa with goals
NFL Ponders Weird New Overtime Rules 
Ice hockey event at Winter Olympics concluded with Canada winning the gold. In another news, the hockey world cup 2010 started in India today.
History of ski aerial acrobatics. The amount of wipeouts in this video almost painful to watch.
Kristie Moore, 30, is 5½ months pregnant, making her just the second athlete ever known to be with child during Olympic competition. Ninety years ago, Swedish figure skater Magda Julin won a gold medal at the Antwerp Games while in her first trimester.
Rasheed Wallace has kung-fu post moves: I might teach you the lotus and I might teach you the tiger, but...the crane can beat both of them.
Medvedev pissed about Olympics. Heads will roll... I mean... careers will end.
Zidane on headbutting Materazzi in the 2006 World Cup Final: I'd rather die' than apologize
Russia To Send Shamed Olympians to Gulag, Start All Over Again
Zidane would 'rather die' than apologise over headbutt
Iverson will not return to 76ers.
This is one of the best fieldhockey goals i have ever seen.
What do Lisa Leslie, Wilt Chamberlain, and and Dajuan Wagner have in common?
Vancouver Winter Olympics 2010: No 1 gaffe goes to Odd-Bjoern Hjelmeset for blaming a bad ski run on watching too much porn
Michael Jordan challenges reporter friend to game of HORSE: You know it, b*tch. So get your sh*t, leave that cute little job of yours for a few hours, and come meet me at the gym.
It's Opening Day for MLB.com At Bat 2010
Wakefield impressed by female knuckleballer Eri Yoshida
NBA's Dirtiest Players
Wind scores an own goal [video]
BMW will return to the Isle of Man TT in 2010 
Canadian Gold Medal Song
Wizards Tickets Less Valuable Than A Pot Of Coffee
Thoughts on the beanball? Or alternatively...
 Zito actually places a pitch where it was intended!
The Knicks Have Seen the Next Two Months, and It Is Bill Walker...But Not Really
Yahoo! #1 in Olmpics
Gun shop owner denied right to sponsor team in son's little league
Julius Peppers, Bears Finalize 6-Year Deal
Athletes Have a New Tool to Cheat With 
Sports would be even more awesome if all coaches had this enthusiasm.
Ben Roethlisberger accused in new sexual assault case
Remembering Freedom Hall - ESPN
Saving Notts County - How things change...
Pat Forde: Unlikely Louisville hero closes out Freedom Hall - ESPN
New approach could help the Washington Redskins change direction
Magic get revenge, top Lakers in finals rematch - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
Savard stretchered off after Matt Cooke head shot
Reports: Philadelphia Eagles to exercise quarterback Michael Vick's $1.5 million bonus - ESPN
Coulthard, Brundle, Jordan, and Legend discuss Schumacher's return to F1. Bonus: Jordan hates Coulthard, he really, really does.
Artest Dyes Hair for Defensive Purposes 
Matt Cooke's Hit On Marc Savard. Dirty?
Interesting article on the various catchers in Mets camp this year. Points out some little things you don't usually notice during games. 
Fractions of a Second: An Olympic Musical
When the Bulls Were Dominant: Pip on Leno [Video]
Crosby gold medal stick treasure hunt now worth $10K
Video: Memorable NASCAR Crashes
Mavericks INTENSITY!
The Eleven Different Teams That Will Make Up Your Bracket
LaDainian Tomlinson thinking about teaching Adrian Peterson how to keep hold of a football.
Ewww.. 
Media reports that Tiger Woods is working with his swing coach Hank Haney have leading golfers talking of a possible return to action for the world number one
NASCAR slaps Edwards' wrist, crosses fingers
Cleveland Browns release quarterback Derek Anderson
Stephen Strasburg Hits 108 MPH, Reports Nationals Fan
Ford Mustang: A NASCAR Fan Guide
No Terrell Owens in Cincy? Cincinnati Bengals add WR Antonio Bryant - ESPN
No Terrell Owens in Cincy? Cincinnati Bengals add WR Antonio Bryant
Dunleavy fired as Clippers' GM, rejoice Clippers fans!
Is there any way to watch NHL live online?
Real Madrid ousted in first knockout stage by Lyon
/r/sports: Let me introduce you to the Russian Sport known as SAMBO.
Ravens re-sign Mason, add to robust WR corps - ESPN
Big Ben's In More Trouble Than You Think
Broncos corerback Darrent Williams' murderer found guilty on all 21 counts
Kevin Millar gives 5 times it's OK for ballplayer to cry
Harris was already serving a life sentence for another case, but had it trimmed to five years in exchange for his testimony. From life to FIVE years? Geeze

Did somebody say baseball?
Has anyone ever heard of PalaBall?
Lindsey Vonn wins 3rd straight overall World Cup - ESPN
Bill Simmons March mailbag
Nation's first female football coach appointed in DC
Longest college hockey game ever: 5 OTs, 150 minutes (of playing time)
Stairs is a swing away from record book - MLB - Yahoo! Sports
“Boys, have at it and have a good time,”  
What's the best free NCAA bracket pool service?
Dead Luger's family to receive cash
Even paralympics athletes find ways to cheat and must be monitored.
Flickr Photo Download: Nike: The United Countries of Baseball
David Beckham Tribute ! Still one of us ! | Bye bye Beckham
Who do you have in your Final Four?
2010 NFL Mock Draft has Sam Bradfor going no. 1 and Jimmy Clausen going No. 4 to Redskins 
Hey reddit, here's a March Madness bracket that benefits charity, in case you want an extra one
Tiger Woods to return to golf at the Masters...
Getting ready for the invasion of South Africa by English soccer fans
Tyreke nearly triple-doubles for the 2nd game in a row.  Averaging 20.8, 10.0, and 8.5 in his last 4 games.
'Major League Baseball's Working Poor' - Humorous Video Featuring the Rays' Fernando Perez
Texas Rangers manager Ron Washington tested positive for cocaine in 2009 - ESPN Dallas
Is anyone taking the day off tomorrow for basketball/hangover purposes?
Dear Sports Reddit:  Maybe some of you would like reading Basketbawful?  Daily re-caps of the best of the worst of the NBA.
Fired employee tried to blackmail Texas Rangers over Washington Cocaine use
In the Quiapo area alone, considered the Wall Street of pirated videos in the Philippines, the market crashed. Before, tapes of Pacquiao fights were grabbed from the shelves where they would go on display an hour after the big bout. DVDs of the Clottey non-event remained untouched Wednesday.
NCAA picks by celebrities -- Because you care who Obama, Fat Tony, &amp; some kid from Glee think will win
Considering Tiger's return: How successful are sporting comebacks?
Fan Beats Player With His Own Stick - KHL - Deadspin
9,223,372,036,854,775,808 to 1
Another, More Pissy, Theory About What Happened In A Milledgeville Bathroom With Ben Roethlisberger - Ben Roethlisberger - Deadspin
 Taking the day off for the opening round of the tourney/day after St. Patty's was an extremely good decision. In a related story, I have a bloody mary.
Toyota sign could loom over Wrigley - MLB - Yahoo! Sports
Great goal by Dempsey to bounce Juve as Fulham comes from 3-1 down to win 5-4 on aggregate.
The wife and I made a bet, winning bracket gets to pick our baby's name. 
When a player gets injured, who pays for the surgery?  The team or the player?
Glanville's eye-opening explanation of trading Favre | ProFootballTalk.com
NCAA.com – The Official Website of NCAA Championships - NCAA
Wisconsin on to second round after squeezing past Wofford!
Entire Nation Picks Same Bracket
I'm 25 of 32 after the first round.  r/sports, how did you do?
Mystery punter nets £450k from 10p on Gold Cup
I felt a great disturbance in the Bracket, as if millions of voices suddenly cried out in terror and were suddenly silenced. I fear something terrible has happened.
Slam Dunk: The Financial Impact of March Madness - Fast Company - Deadspin
How is your bracket doing compared to r/sports?
Julius Peppers makes himself at home in Chicago
Woods: 'A little nervous' about return at Masters - Golf - Yahoo! Sports
Block of the Night
Should the NCAA expand the basketball tournament to 96 teams and give automatic bids to all regular season conference champs?
Tebow Draft Rationalization Watch: The Rams Are Nothing If Not Efficient - He has a higher pass efficiency rating out of the SEC than some high profile QBs.
Chris Johnson Ruins A Perfectly Ugly Car - chris johnson - Deadspin
U.S. and Sochaux striker Charlie Davies is in training months after car crash.  Will he be ready for June 12th?
Reddit, become acquainted with one of the best goalies of all time.
NFL commish wants a sitdown with Roethlisberger
Robert Deniro to play Vince Lombardi in upcoming film.
12-Seed Cornell is no Cinderella
World Cup is near. A taste of the greatest national team in football history.
A Superbowl in New Jersey? 
NFL approves changes to postseason OT rules
Fantasy baseball draft tips?
John Wall or Evan Turner for the #1 Overall pick
Ron Artest says Ariza is a Better Player - A look at how he's fitting in with the Lakers
NHL Holds Fan Attendance Night | The Onion - America's Finest News Source
Lets create a reddit running group for the Chicago Marathon
YouTube - Crosby - Howard scrap 3/22/10
Andray Blatche 'just didn't want to play' - Ball Don't Lie - NBA Blog - Yahoo! Sports
NHL player 'incredible for his age'
How %^&amp;*ed up is your NCAA bracket right now?
so which favorite loses today?
Breaking: Ted Leonsis, owner of the Caps, to buy the Wizards
Okay, I am one game late: Yet if anyone is interested, I have started a Reddit AFL tipping competition for 2010. Please feel free to join. The winner will get a Reddit shirt of their choice delivered to their address.
The autistic kid with perfect bracket, no longer has perfect bracket
7'2 of pure hoops skills
Baseball Mogul 2011 comes out today. Does anyone else play the Baseball Mogul games?
Does UNI have a chance to win tonight?  Will the cover jinx strike?
Gilbert Arenas gets 30 days in a halfway house and 2 yrs probation
LeBron James:  If I really wanted to, if I *really* wanted to be the scoring [champion] every single year -- every single year -- I could really do it. But it doesn't matter.
Former Formula 1 World Champion charged with hooning in Australia
Home sweet home! Butler in first Final Four - 
Get some!!!!
MN fans' reaction to new Mauer contract   / The Onion
Is Donovan McNabb Dicking The Eagles Around? - Donovan McNabb - Deadspin
UConn Women win again. This time by 38. Reddit's thoughts?
What Golf's peers are saying about Tiger's return
Could the Yankees Offer a Minority Ownership Deal to Derek Jeter?
What do you think of McNabb to the Raiders?
MLB Rotation Spending By Team
NFL Players Give Us Their Favorite Swear Words | Maxim.com
Phoenix Coyotes could be on the move to Winnipeg
While we wait for the Final Four, lets watch McD AA Kyrie Irving embarrass McD AA Kendall Marshall in gif form.
Epic hockey fight
Dallas Cowboys sources deny team is trying to trade running back Marion Barber
Soccer Great, and Huge Coke Fan, Bitten By His Dog
AJ from Deadspin sitting in on Spider and Hench's podcast [mp3 link]
Of all the luck: Twins OF Denard Span hits his own mother with foul ball
Delaney says NCAA tournament expansion probable.  
Do you like Soccer?! Then you're going to love this!
THE MISL CHAMPIONSHIP GAME
The NFP Super 30 - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
The Art of Fixing Matches – »an epidemic in European football that the authorities are struggling to control.« [audio]
Marek Malik Own Goal in NLA Playoffs - GSHC vs. EV Zug (March 30th 2010)
Tiger Woods Condom Mannequin
What does /r/sports think about 96 teams in next year's NCAAB tournament?
Guy who beat Lebron in HORSE makes four amazing trick shots!
April Fools' Wrap Up: David Wright Signs With the Pirates
Anybody But Duke: The Case For Rooting Against The Blue Devils In The Final Four, And Forever
So, reddit, who will win the Calder trophy?
Los Angeles Lakers sign 'cornerstone' Kobe Bryant to three-year extension.  Kobe, Pau, and Artest to stay with Lakers through 2014
Question for you baseball fans.
Notre Dame Recruit Matt James Dies in Spring Break Accident
Someone is sending creepy emails about Erin Andrews to Dan Patrick
2010 Season Preview: The Atlanta Braves
Woman suing Steelers’ Santonio Holmes now wants him arrested
U.S. redditors: So, does anyone actually give a shit about arena football?
Cubs Announce Rotation, Strike Fear in the Hearts of Cubs Fans 
Attorney: ESPN's Andrews getting death threats 
Expanding the NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament isn't about a better post-season
How the new MLS Designated Player rules should help youth development
Preview of tonight's Hopkins vs Jones Boxing showdown in Las Vegas
Top Economists analyze the value of NFL draft picks- Picking first ain't all it's made out to be...
NFL draft-pick value chart - NFL - ESPN
It's Butler Vs. Duke For National Title
Desean Butler Injury: comforted by Huggins.
Colangelo comments upset James - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
Have you seen these terrible Rent A Center commercials with Troy Aikman and Hulk Hogan?
Truth About Duke - Debunking Duke
He'd give you the shirt off his back. Of course, he'd call a press conference to announce it.
 	 „
 
—Catfish Hunter on Reggie Jackson

Los Angeles Lakers coach Phil Jackson: Referees turned against us - ESPN Los Angeles
This interview shows why Vince Carter is not a champion.  His response to whether or not he would like a ring is essentially meh.
Redskins offered Albert Haynesworth for McNabb; Eagles settled for draft picks
Reddit Fantasty Baseball league -- come one come all! Details inside
Building an all-Asian baseball team for 2010
The Famous Wrigley Field Ivy History | DELUSIONAL CUBS FAN
2010 NBA Draft Predictions
Cambridge vs Oxford - The Boat Race 2010 
Woods asked about performance enhancing drugs. This has to be a Viagra joke.
Who is Duke? Tonight We Find Out
Make March Madness SFW with the Boss Button
Brett Favre is about to become a grandfather
Six-year-old boy has amazing football control.
Domination by Barcelona and Real Madrid making Spain the new Scotland
Tracy Mcgrady - 13 Points in 33 Seconds
Huge Update on UFC Heavyweight Champion Brock Lesnar posted by his best friend!
Kendra Wilkinson is actually a true sports fan! *Swoooooon*
End of the first half of the women's NCAA Championship
This is how you usher in Opening Day.
Lionel Messi: The Argentina's sun for World Cup 2010
Article about dubious basketball statistics?
UConn Women's team storms back from early deficit to win 78'th straight game and no one seems to care...
Even Celtic Homer the Sports Guy can't stand  Rasheed Wallace
Letterman offers Brad Stevens his salary to coach Ball State
Anyone with an insider account care to post the new Kiper/McShay mock draft results? Thank you!
On the eve of The Masters, Nike Golf releases Earl and Tiger commercial [VID]
Ice Hockey coach Jim Playfair goes into meltdown at ref decision
Is Hanley Ramirez the Marlins' First Franchise Player?
How possible is realignment in the MLB?
Rabble: Tiger must be a 'sociopath' since he is doing well at The Masters.
Perhaps fighting has gotten out of hand at hockey games...
Day after elimination from CL . Manchester United sign new striker. Here are ten top goals of Javier Hernandez.
Double threat: Todd Carter kicks deep, makes smoothies
Butler-Duke rematch may be in works
Charles Barkley's version of Tiger Woods's new commercial. Hilarious!
Evidently there's a correlation between the quality of a baseball player's butt and the quality of their play in the MLB.
Retiring Supreme Court Justice John Paul Stevens Says Babe Ruth Called His Shot... How does he know? He was there.
The NYT seems biased in their photo choice: Lebron vs. Durant scoring title story
Should soccer leagues(such as the Premier) have playoffs?
That Which Does Not Kill Me Makes Me Stranger
Rooftop owners object to Toyota sign at Wrigley
Texas Stadium gets blown up as 20,000 watch.
Already regulated Portsmouth reach the FA Cup final
So mlb.tv is awesome...do other sports have a similar service and if not, why the heck not? 
Eagle Mickelson seals third Masters win
For a more specific sub-reddit, check out http://www.reddit.com/r/extremesports/
German Bundesliga puts the English Premier League to shame
Santonio Holmes traded to the Jets
Unbelievable Video: A Wayward Seed Costs Mickelson The Masters Lead
Santonio Holmes facing four-game suspension
Olympic officials have started studying an International Luge Federation (FIL) report into the death of Georgian athlete Nodar Kumaritashvili, who was killed during a training run at the Vancouver Olympics.
Phil Mickelson's Win Means $1 Million Refunded by Golfsmith 
2010 Stanley Cup Playoffs Quarterfinals--- hope this year isn't as fixed as last year....
Commissioner Bud Selig concerned about pace of baseball games - ESPN
Soccer player tries Michael Jackson move and fails
The Onion -- Federalization Of Power Rankings
After Tiger birdied the 72nd hole, Jim Nantz said that Tiger had somehow managed a 69 out of all of this, followed by me giggling like Beavis and Butt-Head for the next 30 seconds. - Bill Simmons
2010 NHL Playoff Predictions
UFC Breaking News: Liddell and Franklin in UFC 115 - Tito's Out
I give you the Rally Pumpkin. Any other great fan characters you like?
Will Messi be the best ever?
Baseball Catch FAIL [pic]
Dwyane Wade declines to meet a member of the Gotti family
Paxon (Bulls GM) tries to start a fight with Vinny Del Negro (Bulls Coach).  
Possibly my favorite Sportscenter commercial
Oilers' pick up the first round pick
St Louis rumored to offer this year (1st overall) and next year's 1st rd picks for Big Ben.
a homer fueled reply to punish Roethlisberger for sexual assault rants out there
Ask Sports reddit: MLB expansion? Do you think it's coming? What cities do you think it will be in?
Dan Dawson: Professional firefighter and National Lacrosse League MVP
Kentucky has already started regrouping.
So I have heard all the pundits views on Tim Tebow and I was interested in Reddit's opinion. 
Jerry Jones quoted as saying he never wanted to hire Bill Parcells and he wouldn't even pick Tebow in the 3rd round. [Video]
Distractions Aside, Dodgers Look Promising - NYTimes.com
Tiger Woods plans to play Quail Hollow in 2 weeks
Favre makes a decision! ... to send the Vikings all free Wrangler Jeans.  Stay classy, Brett.
Rapper Jay-Z sues Red Sox David Ortiz for club name
Colt McCoy admits he was attracted to Jordan Shipley
NCAA institutes three football rule changes
Photo Scouting Report: NFL Draft Prospects on Sports Pickle
One of the Toughest Half Marathons in the Northwest, Race to Robie Creek, Saturday, Boise
Do We Need to Question the Dearth of Blacks in the Big Leagues Today?
GBI documents contain evidence of another Roethlisberger allegation
Andy Sutton of Ottawa Berates a Reporter About Who the Expert is on Elbow-Throwing 
Union Says Upper Deck Falls Behind on Payments to Major League Players
Williamses (Reggie and Mike) to Seahawks
Dwyane Wade's better is better than your better
Boxer Valero found dead in jail, apparent suicide - Boxing - Yahoo! Sports
For the '09-10 Lakers, It's Really a Question of Greatness...
A Recap of the Ridiculous 20-Inning Cardinals-Mets Epic, By the Numbers 
Bryant worries teams that rough ride is in store 
So far, tonight's chi v. cle game looks like middle school basketball.
Anyone else see this weird commercial during the Denver - Utah game?
Is horse racing a sport?
Go figure, Duke star Kyle Singler will return for senior year season...does he want his diploma or is he afraid to leave college ball?
Ndamukong Suh says he could still be No. 1 pick 
Ochoa - #1 Female Golfer, only 28, Retires On Top
Where can I find a stream of today's match-up between Barcelona and Inter Milan?
Colorado Rockies President Found Dead in Salt Lake City Hotel Room
Torry Holt to sign with the Patriots
Rockies president Keli McGregor found dead in hotel room
Colorado Rockies baseball team president found dead
Jason Taylor to join Jets' defense
Why the Latest Frontier of Statistical Research in Baseball Is Defense
NFL Schedule officially out (with times/dates/TV) 
Monday Night Football Returns To Arrowhead: Chiefs Host Chargers Week One 
The Top Ten Games from the 2010 NFL Schedule For All NFL Fans
This can't be true, can it?  According to journalist Chris Young's book Drive, Tyler accidentally fell asleep with a pack of ice on his knee, severely damaging it and thus losing all the speed for which he was famed, and subsequently had to retire.
Settlement reached in Reggie Bush civil case - College Football 
Big Ben on trade block??
Seemed like a good idea at the time!
Michael McCaskey, president and CEO of the Chicago Bears, is retiring......
Should the Steelers trade Ben Roethlisberger?
Bi-sexuals sue Gay softball league for discrimination
Matt Taibbi: The NFL Draft, Decoded in Men's Journal
I'll see your incredible play at the plate and raise you a terrible play at the plate.
NFL Draft preview: Will Stanford’s Toby Gerhart sneak into the first round, settle in the second or drop to the third? | College Hotline
Death of an Olympic fascist
What's the most interesting story heading into tonight's (and this weekend's) NFL draft?
Pick Bradford or Suh? 
BCS Changes! But not the ones they need...
You can watch me holding up a phone
Broncos take Tim Tebow
WWE Releases Shelton Benjamin, Mickie James, Four Others
Bowl Championship Series releases formula for automatic qualification
A-Rod: baseball's most tone-deaf player.
Two Rays fans learn cowbell etiquette (vid)
AZ Cardinals introduce a turd of a third jersey
David Stern has had enough of your whining, NBA coaches
Dallas Cowboys bestow No. 88 to receiver Dez Bryant
JPP: Incredible Backflip Video
Second round of draft has elite value - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Two-man bicycle kick goal!
Some truly epic soccer at the end of this video (1:09-1:22) San Diego Flash charity game - April 17, 2010
Boycott the Arizona Diamondbacks
Angels Closer Brian Fuentes, Living The Dream
NR2003 Design mods racing
American claims share of Mexican scoring title

Most obvious post-draft headline ever.
Pirates Pitcher Mercifully Hit in the Head with a Line Drive
Great new ESPN ad
JaMarcus Russell hits the big three-oh-oh.  If he had better footwork he could try for the left tackle job.
San Francisco Giants show that Roy Halladay is human after all, post 5-1 win over Phillies
Video: The 8-0 Run That Turned the Lakers-Thunder Series Around
Tailgate Wiki- for your tailgating needs across the country
Video: Kane's fluke goal will haunt Nashville fans this summer - Puck Daddy - NHL Blog - Yahoo! Sports
Ryan Leaf's career numbers versus Jamarcus Russells'
United Football League 2010 Schedule Announcement Delayed | UFL
JaMarcus Russell Out?  $40 Mil For Leaf-like Production Over 3 Years...OUCH
Miami Dolphins GM Jeff Ireland apologizes to Dez Bryant for asking if his mother was a prostitute
Yankees exec regrets heckling President Obama
My cousin threw a no hitter against UT. She's a BEAST!!
Atlanta Hawks guard Jamal Crawford named NBA Sixth Man of Year
For those who want to watch the Spurs/Mavericks game but don't have NBAtv, check this site out
Did anyone else watch Run Ricky Run on ESPN? What did you think?
Ireland's, Dolphins' arrogance unacceptable - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
A little premature celebration leads to a loss. skip to about 3:30
Butler pays back Mavs in nick of time - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
Sicko, wooed by Cowboys, changes his mind, signs
Washington Capitals have long history of choking in playoffs
Nate Silver, baseball and political statistician extraordinaire, writes on U.S. and English chances to advance in the World Cup
Sport's greatest coaching tantrums 
Great new sponsorship deal for Manu!
The worst team in all of sports.
Good news, the Jaguars are already selling tickets. Bad news, everyone will be rooting against them.
Dwight Howard's Foulamentary
16-year-old rugby player in critical condition. Grade 10 Marshall McLuhan player knocked unconscious after tackle.
Willie Clark (The guy who shot Darrent Williams) Sentenced to Life without Parole plus 1152 years.
Mario Lemieux and Flightless Birds
Chris Bosh has gained 10k followers on Twitter since last night by posting: Been wanting to ask. Where should I go next season and why?
Snooker world number one John Higgins has reportedly agreed to take a £261,000 bribe to lose frames in four separate matches later this year.
Pittsburgh Steelers WR Limas Sweed injures left Achilles tendon - ESPN
The (Potentially Scandalous, Potentially Frivolous) Saints Vicodin Lawsuit Involving Sean Payton
In honor of the Kentucky Derby today, I decided to see how short jockeys really were, especially compared to other professional athletes.  Turns out, they are super short. 
So, who is the best pitcher in the NL again?
If you're like me, you've never caught a ball (fair or foul), but always wondered what it felt like. Well, this amazing video is probably the closest we're going to get.
Future looks bright for Chelsea FC
Stern hopes James stays with Cavs - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
Rockies' catcher passes kidney stone, keeps playing
Andrew McFarlane DEAD: Motocross Star Dies In Crash
Source: Darren Sharper had microfracture surgery - ESPN
Mother of Cowboys' Bryant arrested in 2009
Didn't Reyes used to be a base stealer?
Royal Hitters Ask Zack Greinke For A Little More Run Support
The Eagles are going back to a time when green was green
Fifth-Grader Wins State (LA) High School Golf Title
FedEx ends Orange Bowl sponsorship
Trick question, Ditka is God.
Ubaldo Jiménez - I guess he's a beast of sorts
Lakers will not follow the Suns’ lead in uniform wear.  Phil Jackson, who campaigned for former NBA player Bill Bradley during his unsuccessful 2000 presidential run, said the league should stay out of politics.
R.I.P. Ernie Harwell
Phoenix Suns to wear 'Los Suns' on jerseys on Cinco de Mayo - Steve Nash speaks out against Arizona's recent anti-immigration law
Man behaving badly: SI details lewd, crude Roethlisberger
23-year-old wins $1M playing baseball video game
Up poker
Gagner blackjack
When losing a golf tournament really makes you a winner
College golfer loses on purpose so his opponent can make national finals: Good sportsmanship? Or did he rob the guy of his chance to win fair and square?
Ex-NFL player Lawrence Taylor charged with third-degree rape of 16-year-old girl
Lawrence Taylor Is Charged With Raping 16-Year-Old
Thanks for the 50 great years Bobby Cocks!
In which Arnold Palmer puts Ben Roethlisberger in his place
Raiders release former No. 1 overall pick Russell - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
The 10 Funniest Mascot Fails 
NFL starting to doubt LSU draft talent 
Alex Barron's trade was leaked today. False start. Actual trade will be placed 5 days from the original line of scrimmage.
Lawrence Taylor arrested for rape of a 16 year old hooker.
Holy Moley the Pirates Swept the CUBS? WTF?
Lincecum Represents Fresh Face of the SF Giants - NYTimes.com
What a great thought provoking article!
VIDEO: Dallas Braden Can’t Fight the Feeling, Still Talking About A-Rod  (cross:  baseball)
This is what I like to see and hear when it comes to Notre Dame football!
Winnipeg to find out soon if Coyotes are coming back to town
Can we see this guy's papers? 
Will Ferrell as criminal Venezuelan pitcher Rojo Johnson entertained fans in Round Rock, TX last night during the sixth inning.
It's a bad day when you need a mound visit for the catcher
2010 World Cup: Unwanted Obama
JaMarcus Russell's Pre-Draft Hype. Hindsight 20/20 at it's finest
GERMANY 2:1 USA
Excerpt From 'Are We Winning? A Prayer For Steve Bartman' --- Seems like a great book about that infamous Cubs' game
How To Tell a Mets Fan From a Yankees Fan - Wall Street Journal Study
American Kenpo Karate:How to tell the good from the bad
Is the best team in the NBA the Orlando Magic?
Kobe calls out press during Artest interview thats the press trying to take responsibiliy for what we do
Leeds United came from behind to defeat Bristol Rovers and clinch the second automatic promotion spot in League One
During a recent trip to Kyoto I saw something incredible and entirely unexpected... Meet the Bears.
PGA Booty Call?
Manchester United win but Chelsea lift the Trophy!!
Alex Rodriguez reacts to Dallas Braden on day of perfect game - ESPN New York
BREAKING: New York Times notices Tim Lincecum
Reporter slip up Tiger Woods Has Bulging Dick 
Golf Fan Tasered for Heckling Tiger Woods
Rajon Rondo puts up a triple double to stun the Cavs, and even the series at 2-2
This spring game hit reminds me why I can't wait for football season to return
10 Sports Coaches Going Freaking Nuts
Report: Big Ten Makes Expansion Offers To Four Colleges 
If Robert Wadlow played basketball would they have to change the rules?
AP to revote on Brian Cushing's ROY award
Redskins determined to sign every old ass running back in History, Jim Brown on the horizon...
Brian Cushing still gets my vote in AP award revote - Don Banks 
Who here cannot wait for College Football season to start again? What are your predictions for the season?
Ken Griffey Jr. caught sleeping in the clubhouse during a game.  Come on, it's only a couple hours - earn the $$!
when you ask some Knick players if they ever practice defense they'll laugh and say 'are you kidding me.'
HS Basketball star at Permian High School in Texas is actually a 22-yr old man
BBC Sport - Football - Ronaldinho left out of Brazil 
World Cup squad
The sky (probably) is not falling, Cleveland fans
Someone asked me to post this in /r/sports.This guy has been making captions of every game throughout the NBA playoffs. They are simply hilarious.
David Letterman - Dallas Braden Top Ten 
Ken Burns working on update for baseball documentary; The Tenth Inning looks at Steriod Era.
New York/New Jersey Making Bid For 2014 Super Bowl » OTB Sports
2010 World Cup: Organizers chide Brazil for leaving Ronaldinho off Cup roster, shows it's all about the money
Phillies cheating by stealing signs?
Byrnes living the dream, making $11 million to play slow-pitch softball
Hey Phoenix don't make us feel bad for wanting our team back. If you want to keep them prove it!!! We didn't have the NHL on our side but atleast we showed we wanted them!
Cincinnati Cyclones make historic comeback from a 3 - 0 deficit to win the series
England Stroll to World Twenty20 Final
Bill Simmons responsible for the New York Knicks chants at the Celtics game from 3,000 miles away!
Is there any legitimate chance that LeBron will end up on the Clippers?
Have We Seen Lebrons Last Game In Cleveland?
In honor of the Preakness this weekend, here's the Great Preakness Toliet Run of '08 [Video]
9 Types of Streetballers
The NBA and rigged games. 
Tell Me How My Class Tastes: Scenes From The Worst NFL Draft Party Ever
Hey reddit, what's the more surprising NHL playoff story? A #1 v #2 final in the West or a #6/7 v #8 final in the East?
Little Kid Knows Everything About The NFL
Khan, Malignaggi the fight has started sooner
Flyers Make History After Knocking the Bruins Out of the Playoffs After Being Down 3-0
Australian teen completes round-the-world sail
Radio ad played during Dodgers game calls out Arizona's immigration law (AUDIO)
NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell will get final say in New Orleans Saints, Geoff Santini arbitration case
Lech lay their hands on Polish title
Total Destruction: Trailer Race
Burrell highlights DH conundrum
Andre Johnson in odd role as distraction
Shannon Brown has the greatest missed dunk of all time
Fox Sports broadcaster Chris Myers fills in for Dan Patrick on his radio show on 5/17, wanders into politics, comes off looking like an asshole
Sources: Daunte Culpepper on verge of UFL contract
Jesus and Tim Tebow gets Broncos fans to recycle
Who would you draft in the top 3?
Oh Jay Mariotti, I forgot what a nutjob you are: LeBron shouldn't play in Chicago because he'll be compared to MJ.  Yeah, because not playing in Chicago really helped Kobe avoid unfair MJ comparisons.
We all know A-Rod took steroids...but Tiger!? Could it be!?
 Bizarre Sports 
Rays' Top Reliever, J.P. Howell To Have Shoulder Surgery, Out For Remainder of Season
Inter v. Bayern - Head to Head
Appeals court tosses Jets fan's Spygate suit
Canadian doctor Anthony Galea could face up to 20 years in prison for unlawfully treating high-profile athletes
Childress and Favre are texting, but 'not talking'
Cosell on Ali
NFLPA President Says 2011 Lockout Looks Inevitable
I'm so Flyered up that...
Aston Villa reject Manchester City bid for James Milner
London 2012 unveils Games mascots Wenlock &amp; 
Mandeville
Like the Redskins? Like Avatar? Then you might like today's shirt of the day.
Arsenal are asking Barcelona $65 million for Cesc Fabregas - They might get it.
Real Madrid to Sign David Villa This Week
Mark Cuban shows interest in bringing LeBron James to Dallas.  No word on interest in LeBron's mom.
For horse racing fans.  It's incredibly rare you see payouts like this... (pic)
So /r/sports like football promotional videos? You might like this one for Australian Rules Football
Delonte' West sleeping with Lebron's mom??? WTF????
Dimitar Berbatov not leaving Manchester United, says Sir Alex Ferguson
Hiring Cal won't Net much gain for NBA teams - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
Illinois grants release of point guard Jeff Jordan - ESPN Chicago
Video of New Nets owner Mikhail Prokhorov doing Jet Ski tricks
mma/nhl: george st. pierre vs. georges laraque
Anatomy Of A Rumor: How The Gloria James/Delonte West Sex Story Went Viral
New Zealand is first team to play cricket in America, Video
Armstrong fires back again at Landis - Cycling - Yahoo! Sports
2010 NBA Playoff Conference Finals Getting Ugly Fast.... Predictions for Game 3's
The top 10 players of the 2010 NBA playoffs - Ball Don't Lie - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
MLB Report After First Quarter 2010
Yao Ming has a baby
Dirk Nowitzki may be leaving Dallas
Dallas Mavericks' Mark Cuban fined $100K for LeBron James comments
Dwight has to be a monster tonight to take pressure off the guys at the 3 point line
Lakers gonna Lake!
$100 million dollar busts in sports. 
Chicago sweeps San Jose for first finals in 18 years. 
3D Telecasts as part of Japan 2022 FIFA World Cup Bid
Detroit Tigers Salvage Last Game Of Series From Dodgers 6-2
Jose Lima (former All-Star pitcher) dies at 37.
Red Bulls New York shock Juventus 3-1 in friendly
Is Danica-mania crashing? Thousands of fans boo her at Indy 500 qualifying
Boxing
So this video for gambling on the world cup.  Made in a mystery city...  I NEED TO KNOW (for lady reasons :)
Apple iPad banned at the Yankee Stadium due to the security policy
NYT: Texas Rangers Enter Bankruptcy to Expedite Sale
Idiot blogger behind TerezOwens.com who broke Delonte West-LeBron's mom rumor makes fool of himself while trying to sound legit on Boston radio station.
2010 NBA Playoffs Game 4 Orlando Magic vs. Boston Celtics...Predictions
The Philadelphia Flyers are headed to the Stanley Cup.
Move over, Tommy Smyth - new competition for soccer's most WTF color commentator
2010 NBA Playoffs Orlando Magic Avoids Sweep, Stays Alive
how weather affects how many home runs are hit
Reddit: Who will be bringing home Stanley's Cup; Flyers or Blackhawks?
Steve Yzerman Leaving Motown To Be The New Tampa Bay General Manager
Don't even think about bringing your iPad to a Yankee game
Manute Bol, tallest player in the NBA ever.
Gregg Easterbrook: The NFL got greedy and screwed up bad going to the Supreme Court 
Marv Albert's Interview with President Obama about Basketball (no politics)
Say it Isn't So- Jared Allen Cut his Mullet
David Ortiz is still running around the bases
Looks like California isn't impressed by Los Suns yet.
 US names World Cup squad
Redskins Haynesworth targeted in $10 million paternity suit
Can John Wall and Gilbert Arenas work? Yes and maybe
The mullet is no more
The 2010 World Cup stadiums look great
World Cup - Which team do you think will take it? Which team(s) do you think will do way better than predicted? 
Detroit Lions and Cheerleaders? Will it happen?
USA Swimming Releases List of Coaches Banned for Sexual Misconduct 
Redditors, know of any good sites to stream sports games?
Stephen Strasburg debut for Washington Nationals targeted for early June against Pirates
BREAKING NEWS: EX Michigan State Spartan Zach Randolph Connected To Drug Bust
Ironic sports story of the day: Tampa Bay Rays' player stung by... a real stingray.
Stephen Curry makes people look silly
The best boxers, the grandest stage: The upcoming Cotto-Foreman title showdown harkens back to a golden era of boxing at the old Yankee Stadium
Anyone else agree that D.Howard is a dirty player?
Raiders file grievance against JaMarcus Russell 
Football - Uefa introduces tough penalties for spendthrift clubs
Three half-court 3-pointers in a month. This is Partizan.
Football - Real Madrid to unveil Jose Mourinho as coach
Jordan statue at the United Center fitted by fans with Jonathan Toews’ jersey and a helmet [PIC].
holy coke writing! good article, nonetheless, on JJ Redick
Oakland Raiders file $9.55M grievance against JaMarcus Russell.
If you think pitching a perfect game is rare, hitting four home runs in a game is ever rarer.
Webber and Vettel Crash at the Istanbul Grand Prix, Destroying a Red Bull 1-2
Who's the better host: Johannesburg or Beijing?
Franchitti wins Indianapolis 500
BYU Blind Sided: Independent study program no longer accepted by NCAA
Best teams to never win a world cup
I scored a goal in the FIFA World Cup Finals - ESPN interviews
This is determination, helluva feat but the body will only take so much...
Still gives me goosebumps. 
LA Dodgers defeat Arizona Diamondbacks with 9th inning balk-off
Teen writes letter to San Francisco Giants about small school's crappy P.E. equipment, team sends new gear a month later
Walcott fails to make England World Cup squad.
Add 'blackmail' to Kansas AD's rapidly expanding list of tribulations
Eagles safety tears achilles tendon will miss all of next season
Rossi cut by Italy.  If he'd show some national pride, he'd probably be starting up front with Jozy.
LeBron James: Cleveland “Has The Edge” In Deciding Which Team Will Get Me
Analysis: Arizona State is huge favorite to win College World Series
Football : Red Knights takeover attempt shelved
Hey who here thinks that Ron Artest is going to lose it during the NBA Finals?
Wes Welker practices 5 months after blowing out his knee.
“Now, now,’’ said one of the umpires to the Notre Dame fans as though he was talking to a bunch of five-year-old kids. “Be good sports about it.’’
Umpire's botched call on final out robs Detroit Tigers' Armando Galarraga of a perfect game
The NBA's power brokers
Ken Griffey Jr. retired today... he is #5 on the all time homers list and at his prime was one of the greatest baseball players of all time... here's a classic Griffey commercial from the '90s
Flyers pull off the thrilling OT win to bring series to 1-2.
At least give disgraced ump Jim Joyce this much: he was humble and accepted full responsibility for his blown call after the game.
Worse call than Jim Joyce robbing Galaragga of a perfect game?
The Governor of Michigan is declaring Galarraga pitched a perfect game. 
Which NFL team should I support?
Jim Joyce, History and the Replay that Wasn't 
Galarraga has done something likely to NEVER be done again. . .
Commissioner won't reverse botched Perfect game call...
Top ten sports officiating blunders
MLB Commissioner Bud Selig will NOT reverse blown call that took away pitcher's perfect game.
Mayor Bloomberg pitches New York City to LeBron James
Galarraga just made history and you think he's going to be forgotten?
Dustin Byfuglien's Manhood For Sale
Didier Drogba fractured his elbow. Status for tournament is still uncertain.
Lebron James has officially gone crazy.
Ken Griffey Jr. hangs up his cleats.
Michael Jordan to appear on cover of NBA 2K11
TIL about the lady whose rendition of God Bless America is played in the overhead monitors in the Flyers arena
Legendary Coach : John Wooden dies at the age of 99
John Wooden Dies at age 99
Legendary basketball coach Wooden dies
Do you prefer college or professional sports? (football, basketball, baseball)
Mayweather says he plans on “taking a couple years off from boxing”
Best/Worst soccer picture ever?
Football - Fourteen fans injured in South African stadium crush
Pac-10 commish given authority to pursue expansion
Ok Reddit, I'm a huge sports fan, and I love my basketball analysis. Where to get good basketball related content aside from Bill Simmons?
Best baseball players five years from now
What are the coolest, most iconic fan participation things that happen in certain cities/certain stadiums?
Dick Vitale loves ice cream
Nadal banishes doubts with title
mizuno volleyball shoes

Question about the refs from a casual basketball fan.
Obviously, not the most current infographic (See Top Left)
World Cup interactive history
I Wanna Redo My Baseball Fantasy Draft -- Who I Should Have Picked
This is what I'm afraid of:  Kansas getting left out of Big 12 split (can one of the 5 most storied programs in college basketball end up out of a major conference?)
KU and KSU fans: Take heart (and saddle up the horses)-- we may be headed to the Big East.
Minor league team renames 'BP' to 'hitting rehearsal' in protest response to oil spill
Hey Bud Selig, Thanks for the Insight
google maps world cup
Indianapolis Colts' Bill Polian confident he'll re-sign Peyton Manning
What do you guys think of the college conference expansion rumors?
This is the best World Cup official theme: Italy got it right.
Strasburg dazzles, K'ing 14 in Major League debut
Sick dunk by a high schooler
Santa Clara voters OK new 49ers stadium!
Salmon Fishing Photos
Best fishing techniques
Source: Nebraska leaning toward Big Ten move
Conference Expansion - Thoughts on a unique business case
Google Gooooooal!
Diego Maradona's daughters are begging him to stop dressing like a bum for the World Cup, to ditch the tracksuits for suits. Apparently he hasn't shaved since his dog tried make a dinner of his face. Let's just hope he doesn't make a dog's dinner of those suits.
Such strong feelings on every side about this sport...
Avery Johnson, New Jersey Nets reach verbal agreement
US/England Trash Talk Reaches Highest Echelons Of Government
Unconfirmed Reports: Nebraska to the Big 10, Osborne announces move to staff
Hype Fails to Live up to Stephen Strasburg - cool analysis of his debut
Rampage Jackson Talks A-Team, Rashad Evans, UFC Career, and More!
Two year postseason ban for USC....
Aaron Rodgers: Kornheiser Doesn't 'Know Anything About Sports'
Texas A&amp;M has options and could decided to go to the SEC instead of the Pac-10.
Vuvuzela: yea or nay
Some backstory about the history of the Big 12, and why it's imploding now (Posnanski)
The Big 12 needs to save itself fast and the only way to do that is to snatch up the growing football powerhouses from non-major conferences. Utah State, Boise State, TCU, Hawaii... etc.
TBS ditches Phillies/Red Sox in favor of next Strasburg start
So if Aubarn is now going to claim the 2004 National Title
Is Texas A&amp;M headed to the SEC?
The Machine Scare Leprechauns
Sailing Alone, Abby Sunderland Gone Missing
The Minto Cup Is Coming To My Town!!
World Cup 2010: Here is Pele's Predictions For World Cup Winner
Ever found yourself bored between innings, particularly in the 7th inning stretch.  Well, no more, the Fish will have fish in their new fishouse.
World Cup: South Africa 2010 Fixture Chart
FIFA WC: What are the over time rules?
Sportscenter is reporting that Boise State has joined the Mountain West.
Which World Cup Player Would You Want to Punch?
World Cup: The U.S. team's American dream
Team USA Stuck in Traffic Jam...Similar to Home, Except That Elephant is the Cause
Madden 11 Scouts Your Online Games — and Sells Others the Report
BSU Headed to Mountain West
Live feed from Nebraska Board of Regents.
Tony Allen is a Kobe Stopper
Phaneuf to be named new leafs captain
The 50 Most Badass Moments in World Cup History
Come join the NHL 10 XBL online league, its a blast!  :)
Places to watch the World Cup in 3D
Is there somewhere to watch ESPN's top 10 plays online?
Anyone with programming experience want to make a webapp keeping track of news articles of the Great NCAA Realignment?  Shit's getting crazy, yo.
Al Jazeera World Cup English Feed Sabotaged?   We have evidence of criminal interference to disrupt our work...
Audio of interview with Declan Hill, author of The Fix which is a book about soccer and organized crime. Excellent insight!
Make it so! Oh.... damn.
ITV apologizes to viewers after a transmission problem caused them to miss England's 1st World Cup goal. What I saw was a commercial not a transmission problem. 
SEC longs for Sooners and Longhorns
Record holder Usain Bolt races ESPN employees [VID]
Titans QB Vince Young is a suspect of assault in an incident in a Dallas strip club which resulted in bodily harm.
You think the NFL is full of guys getting arrested? So did I until I saw this:
Spain hungry for the title
Move to SEC has momentum in Texas A&amp;M's divided house, source says
Video shows Vince Young punching man
Cleveland loves Strasburg
College Conference Realignment: This only looks like a sports story. Really it's a business story. And it is best explained by that great philosopher, Cyndi Lauper.
Japan defeats Cameroon 1-0 for first World Cup Finals win on foreign soil.
Childress upset Peterson not at Vikes minicamp
Reports: Texas Longhorns leaning toward 10-school Big 12 
New report says Texas (with the help of a cash infusion from Fox Sports) may now make an effort to maintain a 10 team Big 12 conference. . .
World Cup ratings double among U.S. viewers
Cocky Germans are salivating at the prospect of winning the World Cup. Bild offers conclusive proof it's just a matter of time!
1972 rare one on one tournament Lucas vs May. The NBA has changed dramatically
Don't run from the bull in Mexico or you will get arrested. 
2010 World Cup: Slovenia's Andrej Komac guarantees victory vs. United States
Do you think there will be a Superbowl M (1,000)?  
Pete Carroll: NCAA off base with USC sanctions
(CNN) -- Five-time winners Brazil opened their World Cup campaign with a nervy (unnerving) 2-1 victory over a spirited North Korea in Johannesburg after the Netherlands and Portugal had played out a 0-0 draw in Tuesday's other Group G match. 
Boston Vs Lakers: Game 6...
Is the display in the tunnel of the Staples Center real or a green screen?
Shanahan: Haynesworth trade possible ... if part of bonus is repaid... HAHA Shanahan is just fucking with Hayneworth now
Mike Ditka Gets Annoyed With Idiocy Of Airplane Passengers On Recent Flight (Video)
Wow, New York Jets players have it good
20 thousand fans watching USA vs. England in San Francisco
Roger Federer, not Rafael Nadal, gets No. 1 seed at Wimbledon
Maradona to Pele: go back to the museum. Stay classy, Argentina
Isle of Man Hill Running - Peel Hill
NFL owners mull increasing the size of the regular season
A man has attended 385 straight home games and 
spent $12K to customize his car in team colors.
Washington Redskins players call Albert Haynesworth 'selfish'
What's with all the trash on the field during the South Korea - Argentina game?
Holy Crap! Jamie Moyer is 47 Years Old and Still Playing. He just beat the Yankees with his 80 M.P.H. fastball.
Greece v Nigeria
Cubs hire stats guy - then trash what he does on Day 1
Pete Rose is in the WWE Hall of Fame.  Why does that make sense?
Can Mexico and Uruguay just sit out the next game and settle for a 0-0 tie and move on to the next round?
Here is an example of a Greek pussy. 
13-1 with an ERA of 1.15... Can Ubaldo Jimenez be stopped?
Women of Reddit, please never do this.
Why Team USA needs to take Slovenia seriously tomorrow
How They Make The Controversial World Cup Match Ball
My HD just cut out.
Report: Manny Ramirez, Dodgers discussed ways to get Manny back on PEDs last year
Hoooray!!!
A Kiss Is Still A Kiss
Can there be a sin-free sports league? 
Wimbledon 2010 Women's Singles Draw
This is why people have a hard time following soccer- neither the coach nor the team's best player have any idea why the last goal was disallowed.  
Koman Coulibaly: Public Enemy Number One
Dutch hotties ejected from World Cup game for ambush marketing
NBA Finals Photobomb: Hey Kareem...why so serious? [pic]
So the Big 12 has ten teams and the Big 10 has twelve... Higher Education
LeBron to the Knicks?
The people of the USA may yet take to this soccer thing. High drama at Ellis Park will further aid that but now the American public must suffer the slings and arrows of outrageous refereeing

So England tied Algeria 0-0, what does that mean for the US?
In theaters soon: Pau Gasol in Jurassic Park [quick, funny video]
Slovenia's defense consisted of headlocks and man hugs, but we scored anyway. how can the ref take that away?
After the second round, Slovenia remains the leader of the group C - despite the controversy at the game with the USA, you must admit that this is quite an amazing achievement
My World Cup Group C chart... there's only one situation where BOTH USA and England can get through. Someone tell me if I'm wrong.
England's Rooney is Pissed @ Boo-Birds (12 sec. vid).  USA LOVES THE 0-0 THOUGH!!!
Jenson Button and Lewis Hamilton building an F1 car... sort of
Strassburg really is that good.
MLB teams prepare Latino rookies for Arizona law
In Defense of Koman Coulibaly. Sort Of. 
FIFA World Cup Netherlands - Japan Preview 
If either side win this match today they have qualified for the last sixteen of the World Cup - Who do you think is going to win?
We could all score if we had moves like this
FIFA may ax U.S.-Slovenia ref from World Cup
Author's premise: This is Americana at its finest. Unless you’ve been, please hold your laughter.
U.S. referees weigh in on Maurice Edu's goal being disallowed.
Ron Artest messes around at the press conference
Two days late, but better than never
It was a really entertaining game. Denmark had their share of luck at both ends, but they both could have scored more goals tonight
Former 7-foot-6 NBA player Manute Bol dies - NBA- nbcsports.msnbc.com
Manute Bol died today.  To honor his memory, here's a transcript of his appearance on Saturday Night Live. 
FIFA to remark on Monday about Koman Coulibaly's horrible officiating
Can anyone decipher this trade?
Tiger makes a huge surge heading into the last day at Pebble Beach
Tennis - The 10 best Wimbledon characters 
Ron Artest: Defensive player of the year, NBA champion, Rap superstar. Wait what was that last one?
A Pittsburgh Pirates mascot who makes about $100 a month racing around in a pierogi costume says what we're all thinking on his Facebook page — and promptly loses his job.
Saints trade Jammal Brown to the Redskins for a conditional pick next year
This man overcame a checkered youth to become a stand up human and idol to many in Atlanta....He buried his father on fathers day and I would like to honor him...
Coach Jogi to quit if Germany crash out of World Cup. Oh Loew!
The ugly side of sports
Speculation over new Rays stadium
Portugal Pours It On in Second Half
Hot Sport Arm Candy
Wrestling might be fake, so might his tan, but this dude wants to fight for real.
Federer, Davydenko dallies with early exit @ Wimbledon
 Cricket  Do Ireland pass the Test
Cop gets left hanging going for the fist bump with Red Sox reliever
Who will advance through the group stage of the World Cup in the event of...?
SI: Best MLB Decisions Thus Far
Skipper Evra dropped by France
Team RadioShack Confirms Lance Armstrong Will Compete In Tour de France 
Is Cheerleading a sport? 
Scott Niedermayer is expected to announce his retirement today at 1pm PST
Butch Lumpkin No Arms Golfer Is An Inspiration to All
AAUW Breaking Through Barriers for Women and Girls in athletics
Villa may face restrospective action for 'slap', yet ref blunders are just swept under the rug. *sigh*
I want to see some video of fan reactions to USA Scoring!
Lawrence Taylor, Hall of Fame linebacker, arrested for rape - ESPN New York
USA powers its way to the last 16 of the FIFA World Cup with dramatic last minute goal against Algeria. Now only four matches to go
5 Year old hits 90 MPH pitch.
Pitcher making his MLB debut lives a real-life nightmare, words cannot express.... just watch the video
Best Sporting event ever to be ignored!
Longest Match in Tennis History - has lasted 10 hours and is still not over!
Last 16: USA vs Ghana, England vs Germany.
Is Isner v. Mahut - The War on Court 18 - The best tennis match of all time?
[Tennis] The match was locked at 59-59 in the final set after 10 hours of play
This is the USA's Winning Goal Versus Algeria
While doing some research into Ghana's national football team, I believe I've found the best name for a football club EVER - The Ebusua Mysterious Dwarfs.
Meanwhile at Wimbledon...Longest match ever 59-59
Right now, Landon Donovan is bigger than Kobe Bryant and Tiger Woods put together.
Collection of crowd reactions to Donovan's goal in the US World Cup victory today
Bookmaker
Chuck Liddell Sues -- My Image Took a Beating
Roddick battles back to beat Llodra  
All Whites (New Zealand) vs Paraguay
FIFA WC 2010: England, USA, Germany and Ghana jumped into round of 16
World Cup 2010: Saifi 'slapped female journalist' 
Blackhawks trade Dustin Byfuglien to Atlanta in blockbuster 
Ultimate Fishing Marine Cooler - $619
The Dopest of Dope, Fan Chant. Winning Team , Losing Team, Utah State University
World Cup Match Results: Slovakia vs Italy - FIFA World Cup 2010 - ESPN Soccernet
CBC Sports thinks Denmark is omnipresent. Which game will you watch?
Found In Translation: 12 Years Of Chasing The US Men's National Team - SBNation.com
Bill and Bocanegra are best Buds [pic]
Liveblogging as literature — The Guardian's Scott Murray does Italy v. Slovakia
Damn...they are 14-6 (and 9 in a row) since this was published. That's what I call prescient. 
USA's Donovan reconciled in more ways than one - 
The Washington Wizards select John Wall #1 in the NBA draft
Ridiculous speed
Experts say tennis marathon men need to refuel, recoup ...well no shit.
Team USA -- Please Hold for Obama
Wimbledon Black Swan - Isner/Mahut was a 35 
standard deviation event
NBA Draft winners?
The nets were supposed to draft john wall... even the league knows it!
Who were the big losers in the NBA draft?
Marathon man Isner loses in 2nd round at Wimbledon
Team USA goes from no shot to long shot
Dream Ball from Unplug Design
The Complete Collection of Don Cherry Suits!
Ngiyabonga!* Thank you Landon Donovan and TeamUSA!
Argentina’s Weird, Awesome “National Sport”
Who goes No. 1? Johnson or Peterson
BBC News - Ghana sustains African pride at World Cup
Video of Mark Webbers 190mph crash in today's Formula 1 race in Spain. Webber's car does somersault after hitting Heikki Kovalainen's Lotus. Both drivers OK
Clash of the Titans- England v Germany. “They were only small lions so you could cuddle them. On Sunday it’ll be different. The Lions that we face will be a lot more aggressive.” said Philipp Lahm
Something to cheer you up guys
Fedor Emelianenko vs Fabricio Werdum Strikeforce: Fedor vs Werdum photo shoops and triangle choke gif
Now it's Mexico's turn.
The AMA Grand National Championship switched from a Singles Short Track to a Twins Half Mile, but Henry Wiles never missed a beat. Wiles just devastated the Allen County Fairgrounds Half Mile in Lima, OH, leading the 25-lap National from start to finish. 
World Cup radio online 
The 12th Man | Sportales
Gentlemen, Start your franchises!
Wimbledon: Andy Roddick advances to fourth round
NY Giants draft pick Chad Jones' future in doubt after car crash
It's LeBron or bust for the Knicks
Should Strasburg be an NL All-Star?
The Angle That Will Ignite TNA and Bring ECW Back to the Masses
Sports Minister inaugurates CWG Cyling Velodrome
Bollinger says whitewash would be 'devastating' 
Willie Colon will miss the rest of the season | ProFootballTalk.com
Remembering what it was like to have ties in college football.
Wikipedia no longer has copyrighted images as photos.  Where was Bobby Abreu in his picture?
World Wide Wes needs Lebron James out of the clutches of the Cavaliers
More Top Talent Added to Free Agency Frenzy
Venus dismisses retirement after Wimbledon flop 
Clijsters upbeat despite Wimbledon exit 
Wimbledon dreams come true for Pironkova
Berdych shocks Federer in Wimbledon quarters
Williamses' doubles run ends at Wimbledon
Bosh, James and Wade in Miami?
Randal Cunninghams 2 year old son dies in hot tub
Please Help Save Gymnastics! (explanation in comments)
Canadiens, Predators engage in three-player swap - 2010 Offseason News
Doc Rivers to remain Celtics coach 10-11
The Stanley Cup makes it to the Chicago gay pride parade!
NBA Free Agency Eve. 
#1 Reason to cheer for Paraguay in the World Cup
For those with a passion for golf there’s only one place to be on the 1st – 3rd October 2010. At The Ryder Cup, The Celtic Manor Resort on the outskirts of the City of Newport, in South Wales. Why? The best reason in the golfing calendar of course. The magnificent Ryder Cup!
No Vuvuzelas at UFC event in Vegas Saturday. Dana White: I'd rather let Brock punch me in the face than hear 15,000 people blow on those things.
Robinho, C. Ronaldo, Cannavaro, Rooney, Drogba, and Ribery Sculted Into Crayons [Pic]
Guess it was only matter of time until something like this happened... TIGER WOODS question by police investigating a suspected DOPE DOCTOR
Tennis: Nadal wins grudge match for semi-final spot 
Liverpool appoint Hodgson - Liverpool FC
St. Louis Cardinals manager Tony La Russa supports Arizona immigration law - ESPN
Cris Carter telling it like it is - NFL Rookie Symposium
Swimmer to attempt 30 mile trek across frigid, shark-infested waters, from the Farallon Islands to San Francisco Bay
Tiger Woods divorce the most expensive ever?
Don Coryell, ex-Chargers, Aztecs coach, dies at 85
Cavs hire Byron Scott
Os Brasileiros will rise again
Man VS Horse
Shane Carwin disses his UFC title!
Baseball's Greatest July 4th Moments
World Cup History &amp; stats visualizer
Football season is on. Highlights from yersterday's Alouettes VS. Roughriders game
Lakers sign Steve Blake 4 years@16mil
Floyd Landis, Lance Armstrong and Doping Allegations
Alberta golfer shoots 25 on the back 9 in a tournament
Big story heading into tonights UFC 116 PPV
LeBron James wooed with Sopranos reunion, Family Guy and the promise of sex with Betty White
Sports radio as risky as drunk driving, says new study 
King of Wimbledon says Happy Four!
Nadal puts himself among tennis legends
Do the Knicks have momentum? 
So is this the reason Portugal was out so early on?
Bobby Ryan vs Ryan Getzlaf - Battle of the Countries
On the 156th day of the rest of his life, Brian Burke woke up and he tried to keep another promise. He would march, he said. So he marched.
Blood knot how to tie a blood knot video
MLB All-Star teams announced: Mauer, Pujols top vote-getters.....
Golfer Atwal signs off tied 41st at AT&amp;T Nationals 
Dwyane Wade back in Miami, misses welcoming party
Roger Federer falls to No. 3 in rankings.
Outgoing Georgia athletic director Damon Evans gets three months severance
Former NHL tough guy Bob Probert dies
Bob Probert has died.  RIP Slugger.
Daily Picks – NBA News
Nigerian leader rescinds ban on national soccer team
Joe Mauer: Strong Side/Weak Side
The LeBron-O-Meter: Help from a Maverick?
Bob Probert vs Marty McSorley
Upset by media, Uruguay coach refuses to name team
NFL Survival Pool Advice
Harvick's season resurgence continues with Daytona win
Taking the World Cup seriously - German guns down two Italians after football row
Former Raiders QB JaMarcus Russell arrested
Florida Gators – Can Gators Thwart Alabama?
Ronaldo ‘paid American surrogate to have his baby’
AC Green Is A Sought After Christian Speaker
Bass fishing league to host James River event
Using a Rocket Fishing Rod
Halak signs 4-year deal with Blues
Raptors willing to trade Bosh to Cavs
LeBron James not at basketball camp
Georgia Bulldogs – When Will They Contend Again?
Watch Dutch footballer De Zeeeuw get kicked in the face during todays match.
Shaquille O'Neal, computer hacking mastermind.
A great message to a sometimes-hostile audience: Ernie Banks, Brent Sopel representing sports organizations at Chicago's Gay Pride parade 
MLB Baseball – Five Teams On The Way Down In the Second Half
Fan Falls 30 Feet From Second Deck of Rangers Ballpark
What Do Tour de France Riders Eat?
Tour de France path of today
 LeBron to make decision on national television Thursday....!
TX Ranger's fan falls from upper deck trying for a foul ball [Video - not of actual fall but of player reaction]
Anyone remember the last World Cup?
Holland becomes one big party after reaching World Cup final [video]
Cleveland Indians-Texas Rangers game stopped after fan falls onto lower deck
German octopus named Paul predicts Spain to win in today's World Cup semifinal. He's been predicting football results since 2008 with only one error.
Cano drops out of Derby
The spell is broken: The first time in the history of the Soccer Worldcup a final without one of the big four...
Carlos Boozer agrees to 80M/5 Years with Bulls
Dany Heatley Parody
Boozer ends up with Chicago, will this affect Bron?
Rays' Soriano replaces Rivera in All-Star game
Vick had to be restrained in confrontation before shooting
I've done the math and I've rounded down the possibilities of LeBron James' choice to just two
Berger:  Any of James' many options would be great for him, NBA ... except Miami  
Proof: Spectator sports makes you a killer! So, like video games, we should ban spec-sports?
World Cup Memes: Arjen Robben Curled Into A Ball, (from Who Ate all the Pies).
NBA Salary Cap will be $2M higher then original thought.
New Best Player in the World?
There have been enough arrests, suspensions, and fines in the NFL in 2010 to warrant an All-Screw-Up Team list, and the season doesn't even start for another two months
Trolling Laker fans with a fake Derek Fisher to the Heat deal
What the...Chris Paul joins LeBron's marketing company
German Octopus: German Fans Look for Recipes After He Correctly Predicts World Cup Loss
LeBron's TV spectacle a fitting end to outlandish free-agent process
German team will be back for more, but will Loew?
Flat stage could suit Cavendish in quest for a win
 Does the mainstream media know how to report on women athletes? Not only is the amount of coverage of them dropping, but what there is tends to report on them as sexual beings rather than athletes.
Maradona picture inspires Netherlands star
Anchor: We're off to Fratton Park where there's been a red card, but for who?  Correspondent:  I don't know Jeff, has there?  I musta missed that.  Red card?  [video]
Diddy Joins LeBron James Speculation With Twitter Hoax
This is an accurate portrayal of ESPN.com
Jimenez wins 15th game before all-star break. 1st pitcher in 10 years to do so.
For anyone still doubting LeBron is going to the Heat, he just booked 6 cabanas at the W hotel in South Beach to celebrate his new contract
Joey Votto (NL - Cin), Nick Swisher (AL - NYY) named All-Stars after MLB Final Vote
The NFL has suspended Atlanta Falcons linebacker Robert James for four games for violating the league's substance-abuse policy. 
Will Miami win 70 games next season? Also, what will the Cav's record be next season?
Rajon Rondo's tweets tonight:
In honour of Lebron trolling the Cavs, lets troll their fans
Top 10 sports superstitions
Cavaliers Owner Promises Cleveland a Championship before Lebron Gets One (Bashes Lebron James)
ESPN Reporter continues ESPN's over-coverage of LeBron's decision... by whining about ESPN's over-coverage of Lebron's decision
Somdev's run ends at Hall of Fame Championship 
Netherlands vs. Spain at Soccer City Stadium
I know its a cheesy ESPY commercial but I still laugh every time I see it
Justin Bieber is crushed
An open letter to Dan Gilbert (Cleveland Cavaliers owner)
Exactly how badass would it be if the Cavaliers went on to win a Championship this year without Lebron?
Fifa to make refereeing changes for future World Cups 
Dan Gilbert puts the Cavaliers on Craigslist
Dan Gilbert letter in Comic Sans
Paul the octopus picks Spain over the Netherlands. I call shenanigans!
Lebron had 2 goals. Get some rings and enhance his 'Brand'. He'll get the rings but his ego is destroying his brand.
Miami in Pinstripes: the New Evil Empire
Can ESPN now put Chris Broussard back in whatever box they took him out of?  Watching him is painful!
All Hell for the King: Cav's Owner bashes LeBron James
Paul the psychic octopus predicts Spain over Holland
Cavaliers owner Dan Gilbert says LeBron James quit in playoffs 
Cleveland Cavaliers owner Dan Gilbert says LeBron James quit during playoffs  - ESPN
It's okay Chicago, we can always get Carmelo next year
Get hooked on fishing
It will all be ok, Cleveland. Just remember what you still have...
NFL Power Rankings Preseason 2010 - NFL - ESPN
British Columbia spent $895M as host
Crushed in Cleveland, Mirth in Miami, Sour Grapes everywhere else: roundup of Lebron on the front pages
Woah, the Heat now have the top SG, SF, and PF based on Hollinger's Player Efficiency Rating.
I feel a disturbance in the Force?
Malaysian World Cup viewing-couples report low incidence of domestic quarrels and little effect on sex life during telecasts!  Thank goodness, I was so concerned.
Ichiro has quite a way with the ladies.
Paul The Octopus predicts Spain to win the World Cup Final
Strasburg struggles in the first, but gets better as the innings progress as the Nationals defeat the Giants 8-1
fist fight at the tour de france
Psychic Paul the octopus and lesser known clairvoyant Mani the parakeet
FIFA: World Cup match officials 'a big success'
Remember the Maine Support the Netherlands
I thought Hockey was expensive to play, I'm guessing my parents are glad I didn't want to get into Bobsledding.
Ok, we all saw the karate kick.  But did you see this fuckin' punch!?
Golden Ball: Diego Forlan (Uruguay) and Golden Boot: Thomas Muller (Germany)
700 million viewers worldwide expected to have watched World Cup Final
What physics says about smooth balls 
Lebron James and The Decision are metaphors for the problems in this country (Cartoon)
Let the games begin: Fantasy Football 2010/11 just went live...
What a year for sports so far!!!
 Udonis Haslem confirmed Monday he turned down more lucrative offers to sign a five-year contract with the Heat. He will earn about $4 million per year.


Who will hit the longest homerun tonight?
Iniesta goal for Spain against The Netherlands - World Cup Final 2010
Anyone else watching the HR Derby on mute so you don't have hear this D-Bag?
Octopus oracle Paul to retire - Off the field - Football World Cup 
Civil rights groups push for MLB to move All-Star game from Arizona
Duke study finds key to athletic success is about the bellybutton
Report: George Steinbrenner Dead After Suffering Massive Heart Attack - SBNation.com
I must admit to complete ignorance about George Steinbrenner the man...
Cleveland Cavaliers owner Dan Gilbert fined
A Wheelchair-Bound Fan Storms Field During CFL Game
A cool story about Gaylord Perry in honor of the MLB All-Star Game tonight (that I really want to believe).
Rumors fly of new Roethlisberger golf course incident
Trogans must prove they aren't getting free cars or lavish apartments
The term 'cougar' is thought to have originated in the late 80s, in the dressing room of the Vancouver Canucks hockey team...
Which Fantasy Football Strategy Site Is The Most Useful
For those going through World Cup withdrawal, here are some Film Classics on Vuvuzela
The true MVP of the Yankees. R.I.P.
For the first time since 1996, the National League has won the All Star game!! Final 3-1
TIL that in the 1981-82 season, Magic Johnson was 0.4 rebounds and 0.8 assists away from averaging a triple-double for the entire season
David Cameron's sport cuts will leave Britain playing catch-up for years | Sport | The Guardian
Packers say player costs are rising at twice the rate of revenue | ProFootballTalk.com
World Cup 2010: Spain's Andres Iniesta bears the scars from Holland's 'clogs of war'
Braves acquire Alex Gonzalez from Blue Jays
Beware the Beer Snake, my son! The jaws that bite, the claws that catch!
Henry heads for New York Red Bulls
Collection of 25+ photos of cliff diving
Union disputes NBA's figures, ready for lockout
Fighters Inspiration
The Steinbrenner Slobituary
Great new interview with Mike Tyson
It was America’s first all-male, PG-13 celebrity sex tape.
Why WAR Is Awesome (The Good Kind) 
Michigan Man Arrested for Driving Drunk, Blames LeBron James
Landon Donovan: I
ESPY Awards -- Check Out the Expensive Uniforms!
Mike Tyson interview in Details Magazine.  He's his own harshest critic.
Peyton Manning kidnapped by Sandra Bullock, forced to play offensive line.
Chris Johnson Vs. Adrian Peterson
And the award goes to… Sepp 'Bellend' Blatter! The perils of using Wikipedia!
Aqualine launches Aqualine 590HT small fishing boat

Chris Birch: Little Bit of a Cabbie, Lot of an X-Fighter 

Shawn Andrews, Charles Grant, others land in Omaha | ProFootballTalk.com
The NCAA is at it again.  This time investigating the North Carolina Tar Heel's football program. 
Who are the essential sports reporters?
Ex-North Carolina coach Dean Smith dealing with memory loss
Bo Jackson, in case you have forgotten.
Slow Poke Indian Peralta gets inside-the-park homerun after centerfielder crashes through bullpen door. (video)
Latest: If you don't get it, they're talking about you.
Lebron's New Corporate Sponsor
Trailblazers finally name a GM... an assistant from OKC.  Blah.
There's little to appreciate in the way that James has handled this. But I can understand why he's gone this route. 
Help homeless gymnast get to Visa championships and qualify for the olympics!
Al Albuquerque, Dale Cornstubble, Shooter Hunt.  Who has the best name in the Minor Leagues?
One Of The Worst Dives Ever
Uncle Lou has had enough... great job cubs...Lou Piniella to retire from at end of season
Cycling: 'I wanted to smash his head in. I couldn't stand to be near him'
They just don't get it! - spoof article about football fools some readers. Check the comments!
Don Mattingly inadvertently takes out Dodgers closer Jonathan Broxton after making two visits to the mound (video)
How to appropriately pick off a base runner... well... (VID)
Player doesn't agree with ref's decision and tries to choke him.
Let's Customize The Rest Of The NCAA 
Who's in the market for CP3? - Paul is reportedly demanding a trade, here is the short list of possibles.
River Trout Fishing | Trout Fishing Secrets Guide
Some friends did the adidas 5k challenge in aid of Great Ormond Street Hospital last year and they had a great time so I'm definitely going to look into it. Check here if you need any more info.
Strasburg outduels Arroyo, gets 7ks as Nationals beat Reds
French Canadian hockey player gets in hot water over his insane twitter ramblings
Allan Houston will probably be next Knicks GM
Dallas Cowboys, 1st-round pick Dez Bryant agree to contract terms - ESPN Dallas
Phillies Fire Hitting Coach Milt Thompson
You can FINALLY play as Mike Jordan in a video game!  He's not SG 23!
Coach and players attack reporters following a soccer match [video]
Report: Former NBA top 10 draft pick Lorenzen Wright missing - NBA News  - FOX Sports on MSN
Friday Night Lights in Hawaii turned off for some high schools out of concern for marine birds.
Wow and wow again... This is the most amazing, 'switch hit' penalty ever!!!
Why Stephen Strasburg's Rookie Baseball Card Isn't Worth the $40,000 Collectible Hype
Considering the ultimate outcome, I think that THIS was the greatest baseball fight.
Ever wondered what's lurking in your stadium food? [interactive mouseover map included]
Rafael Palmeiro, eligible for the Hall of Fame next season, is statistically an easy first ballot hall of famer. 
Two true champions.
Lance Armstrong's Tour de France team forced to remove 'Livestrong' jerseys - CSMonitor.com
Move over Natalie Gulbis.... This is Maria Verchenova.
Baseball Hall of Fame Class Perhaps the Last of When Integrity Still Mattered
Chris Paul does not request trade from Hornets --decides not to destroy credibility
Will McGrady accept the 2 conditions set by the Chicago Bulls?
What passes for excitement at an Orioles game
2010-11 player NBA movement 
Masoli could be a week away from becoming an Ole Miss Rebel
Pete Rose Kool Aid Commercial
NFL changes language on concussions poster.

RIP Jack Tatum :(
Baseball writers, coaches, and players aren't admitting pitching has risen and offense has fallen due to the cessation of steroid abuse because.. it hasn't.
In case you haven't seen the best soccer fans in the world.
Maradona out as Argentine coach
The 20 most humiliating injuries in sports
What's lurking in your stadium food?
Lorenzen Wright found dead
Diego Maradona is no longer the Argentinian coach
Best catch ever? [Video]
Tweet from the Karen Sypher trial.
Macheda really likes Cameras 
Mike Tyson talks sex, drugs, spirituality in SI interview outtakes 
Report: Albert Haynesworth fails his conditioning test
Raleigh, NC-Co-ed Flag Football Signups
First footage of Travis Pastranas Double Backflip @ X games 16
Joel Quenneville's mustache traded to Vancouver
Full extension ultimate frisbee diving catch of the day! 
A cross-post from pics: Jayhawk fans may appreciate this. 
Who finished second?
Ron Artest is absurd
Dejuan Blair in his own rap video
Is the honeymoon over for baseball?
How Much Money Is Michael Jordan Worth? Not Nearly Enough!
2010 NFL training camps: Denver Broncos RBs Knowshon Moreno, Correll Buckhalter hurt on Day 1 - ESPN
Rupert Murdoch May Buy Himself a Baseball Team
NFL: Rookie Wage Scale or Bust
We’re admiring these people for their performance, not their eroticism. But are they really so separate? Surely, health, talent, youth, &amp; performance under pressure are erotic. And just as surely, any emotionally healthy athlete relates to his or her body erotically, just as non-athletes do.
Don't mess with Texas logo, Gardner Edgerton High School learns
Drunken Masterpiece Theatre presents: Emanuel Augustus
The Bradford Conundrum: Should St. Louis Rams start or sit their rookie QB in 2010?
Most Paid Defensive Player Skips Tests Yet Again
Report: Favre tells Vikings he's not returning | ProFootballTalk.com
Anti-LeBron billboard goes up outside Akron
Felix Baumgartner will attempt to become the first man to break the sound barrier while in free fall. Jumping from 120,000 feet.
BREAKING: Favre may or may not retire.
Who does Cleveland hate more Art Modell or LeBron James?
Its that time again!  What's your vote for best fantasy football team name??
Big East Media Day Rundown
Your fist bump shall remain hanging
Vikings &amp; Favre's Agent: Favre plans to play if healthy
Zidane vs Materazzi [Video Game Version]
Jose Canseco always made his teammates better power hitters. Can statistics be used to find juicers?
Brett Favre's 'retirement' is all about money, says Pat Kirwan - Shutdown Corner - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Anybody else think blackouts are dumb?
Feed of Rangers auction / general clusterfuck
Since nobody posts stuff about fighters  - Figured i'd fill in a small void with a good highlight video of Georges Saint-Pierre. If any of you saw the Jean-Claude- VD film - Bloodsport you will appreciate the effort put into the highlight video. 
Japanese baseball player catches flyball with an amazing wall leap!
Its fantasy football season for some now... Where do you get your information regarding player injuries/suspensions?
Major League 2
Interview of Evan Sellars who just made the world's farthest basketball shot
Cottages for Golfing vacations
Most Amazing Cricket Catches!
I Thought I was the Only one - NFL Player Returns From Games Addiction
Dr. Gasol? Pau's love outside basketball
Jeez, this is just getting ridiculous...Broncos bad luck continues | ProFootballTalk.com
Tyson Gay shocked the crowd at the Stockholm Diamond League track and field meet as he upended Jamaican Usain Bolt to win the 100-metre race in 9.84 seconds.
The real meaning of student-athlete
A-Rod injured, hit in leg by teammate during practice.
On Campus: NCAA's new March Madness format is madness indeed 
For Jim Gentile, a Long-Awaited Bonus - it took almost 50 years to get his $5,000 bonus from the Baltimore Orioles.
Anderson Silva heartfelt post-fight interview (mostly in English), says ribs were broken
This was the final call of the 2009 Big 12 championship game as heard on the radio in Austin, Texas. One of the best calls of all time, in my opinion. I nearly fell out of my chair when I heard it. So emotional. [vid]
Obama Lebron, Magic Johnson and Dwayne Wade play basketball together
So T.O. still wants to be a Cowboy (baby)...
Jim Edmonds says he's been traded to Cincinnati Reds
More Power to the Fans: An Interview with Dave Zirin with NBA blogger Bethlehem Shoals
Mariners manager Wakamatsu fired on Japanese Heritage night. Not suggesting it's wrong or anything.. just thought it was kinda funny. 
Brandon Morrow No Hitter Bid Blown With One Out To Go  
Basketball stars join President Barack Obama to play for troops
Way to use your face
Joyce homers to lift Rays over Tigers 6-3

I would boo England, says Gerrard
Never celebrate a try early!
Wrongly imprisoned, Cavs fan starts fresh 
Following comments from Brandon Phillips the night before, Reds and Cards have bench clearing brawl in BOTTOM OF THE FIRST 
Why is Shaq never going to win another championship? It all comes down to character.
Jasmine Lennard on Cristiano Ronaldo's weird world of sex, glamour and insecurity
Comments on an ESPN article really add to the story being discussed (comments 1-6). Enlightening!
Soccer fan goes mental as his team lose in the Cup!
Mickelson diagnosed with severe arthritis
Rick Reilly: World Sauna death - ESPN
South Panola High School - 117-3 since 2002, 8 consecutive Mississippi State Championship games, 6 Championships. It doesn't get much better than this for High School Football.
ESPN asked over 100 college football players whether they wanted a playoff or not...here were their answers
The Locker Room (8/11/10)
Floyd Mayweather Jr.'s silence not helping his cause - ESPN
England soccer team coach draws the curtains on David Beckham's international career
At the PGA Championship: After Corey Pavin's (USA Ryder Cup captain's) news conference and off camera, reporter Jim Gray tells him: You're a liar. You're going down.
Football - England 2-1 Hungary
Total Sports TV - 2010 US Open Tennis Live FREE Streaming
Wayne Gretzky-Style 'Field Sense' May Be Teachable
Surfing in Indonesia - Nias - my tune playing
Live betting odds for the US PGA Championship
LeBron, Carmelo, Wade attend negotiating session 
I wonder if K-Rod did this immediately after punching out his father-in-law [PIC].
Anthony and Paul to play in 2012 Olympics
Nothing like some basebrawl...stay classy Quebec
Bush reportedly apologizes for actions that led to sanctions
Why you aren't a pro golfer: A video slide show
Dennis Rodman says it best: Don't compare LeBron to Pippen.
Bike bought for $5 at yard sale belonged to Floyd Landis 
San Francisco Giants acquire the usually disgruntled Jose Guillen from Kansas City Royals
Hong Kong baseball athlete hit by stray bullet in Venezuela during game.
NFL Videos: Hard Knocks: Training Camp with the New York Jets
I wish more pro athletes interviewed like the Spaceman did.
Pascal wins over Dawson to keep WBC Light Heavyweight belt
Ontario government to legalize MMA for 2011
'Blade Runner' Pistorius still short of Commonwealth Games standard
Torry Holt's career may be over; placed on season-ending IR by New England Patriots
Martin Kaymer beats Bubba Watson in playoff after bizarre penalty eliminates Dustin Johnson  
Lebron: taking mental notes of everyone taking shots at me this summer. Sir Charles: Well add my name to that list.

Police called following brawl at Little League Championships 
Jonathan Trott announces he is ready to open the batting for England during the Ashes if required
The Mets are running out of ways to suck
The Oakland A's are in the process of getting no-hit... again!
From MS patient to Fitness Junky
Andrew Strauss just told me he's not interested in listening to Ricky Ponting’s Ashes prediction
Tony Dungy thinks the NFL commissioner should intervene with Rex Ryan because of his cursing
Wall Street Journal: Mets Won't Pay 'Disqualified' K-Rod
If anyone still cares, Favre will be playing this year.
One guy makes the entire NBA schedule...here's an interesting interview with him
I love that Monday Night Football tune!
NHL Test Driving New Rule Changes
[Rumor] BYU considering move to become a WAC-affiliated football independent - ESPN
Alistair Cook has one innings to save his place in the England team after failing again 
My Three Weeks with LeBron James
Remember all the complaining when they opened the new Yankee stadium about all the home runs being hit...
If you need any more proof that Sterling is a douchebag, here it is
Just talked to Dwyane Wade about his love for the Chicago Bulls, the Bears and his pick for the Heat trio's new nickname. 
Andre Iguodola. Poetry in motion.
Any golfers here? Subscribe to r/golf and share stories about scoring back-to-back birdies (or like me, back-to-back-to-back double bogies).
Fantasy Football Help: 20 man league, 1 owner has been a tool in the past, league is unable to find a solution to see if he plays or not.
Done deal: BYU to go independent in football 
Romanian immigrant kicks a soccer ball and hits gym roof in high school.  Now he's playing for the Patriots 
Ozzie Guillen rants about Jim Thome trade
Clemens to Be Indicted for Perjury
Too small for cricket and missing suites for rugby, the stadiums that cost South Africa more than $1-billion for this year’s World Cup already are in danger of turning into white elephants.
Percy Harvin collapses at practice, taken away in ambulance | ProFootballTalk.com
Could Tyler Colvin Be The Cubs 1st Baseman
Titans rookie Blount punches teammate at practice. I think he has a temper problem...
Report:  Favre thinks Childress has no clue | ProFootballTalk.com
Vin Scully on Troy Tulowitzki's Mullet
Fresno State and Nevada jumping the WAC ship for the Mountain West 
Don King stomped someone to death over $600
Bouldering action photos
I forgot this injury was so disgusting. 
Basketball Brawl (not NBA)
In the latest attempts of retired comebacks, where will Iverson end up?
Top 5 Sportscenter Anchors of All-Time
Biggest douche nozzle interviewing Chelsea Baker. Could he have been any more awkward and creepy?
Bill Barnwell from Football Outsiders answers questions on the freakanomics weblog
Red Sox claim Johnny Damon off waivers
Strasburg headed to DL. 
Just A Hunch: I love this time of the year with Baseball.  In both fantasy and the MLB, you have teams trying to make that final push to lock down a spot in the playoffs.
Sammy Sosa says Chicago Cubs' No. 21 jersey 'should be untouchable'
Gotta at least ask the question
Drunk, naked and tased. Yep.
Only 14 of the 120 FBS schools made money from college athletics last season 
Poor Travis Wood
Officers find Oregon State offensive lineman naked, wasted, and in a strangers house. They order him to get on the ground. Thomas refuses and instead drops into a three-point stance like a football player and lungs at the officers. He is tazed, twice. Later, kicked off the team
Smack talk has started 
TMQ Previews the AFC
He was as big as any athlete this town has seen in a long time, other than Michael Jordan”
Donovan McNabb Helps Us Make Sense of His a) Wildly Successful, or b) Oddly Disappointing NFL career
Michael Jordan's year in baseball
TIL that Indian pole gymnasiasts are not quite what you might expect.
How to Off Road Unicycle
I know it's just practice, but this is a pretty sick catch (football)
At first, I thought it was ridiculous to watch a highlight video of an eight year old kid.  Then, I continued to watch.  Kid has got skills.
Up Three, Time Running Out, Do We Foul? The First Comprehensive College Basketball Analysis
Iranian Women Football Team, Pictures of A Head That destroy the Hijab!
The Blue Jays will place almost half their team on waivers.
CAN YOU! BELIEVE! WHAT WE! JUST SAW!
Former MLBPA head Donald Fehr to take over at the helm of the NHLPA
Yoann Gourcuff draws 15,000 fans
Colt McCoy on the bubble to make Cleveland Browns roster
Am I going to be around long enough to see my son get his first big league hit?  Damn dust getting in my eye.
Tyler Thomas Partys Like a Rockstar: He was found naked and intoxicated in a strangers house and police had to use stun guns to take him into custody.
Imagine picking between two childhood dreams: playing in the NFL or joining the Air Force...
Pretty awesome seeing eye dog helps blind Yankees fan get to Yankees games
One guy's pretty good list of the best workout songs of all-time
Jay Mariotti arrested following a domestic incident.
Snowboarding Redditors, what's your head protection?
This is proof that the NHL has no f*cking clue what its doing..
Strasburg has 'significant tear'; Tommy John surgery likely - MLB - SI.com
Guest post: Are you ready for some (Fantasy) football? Here are 5 sites that will help you win
Last paragraph is a real gem
Horribly broken play turns worse
Holy hole in the donut, Batman, it's Ochocinco and T.O. (Pics)
The Miami Heat basically formed Voltron - Kobe Bryant
Top high school prospect crosses up John Wall - The Dagger - NCAAB - Yahoo! Sports
Hobgood's Random Sports Ramblings
Who knew they played (gridiron) football in Mexico?
Join the Reddit Auction Fantasy Football League!
Vincent Jackson prepared to sit '10
Ever wondered what you get when you clone Lou Piniella with Terrell Owens? 
White Sox do the right thing, retire #35 in honor of Frank Thomas
Bobby Bowden says he used coaching to witness to players
Aghast! The cricket world is reeling at the allegations of a fixed match uncovered by the astute British tabloid 'News of the World' | Stocks of Apathy go up!
How I got my body: Mark Webber, F1 driver | Sport | The Observer
The No Arm Pitcher
Manny Ramirez en route to join White Sox in Cleveland.
Troy Polamalu's hair insured for $1 million by Head and Shoulders - ESPN
The Brazilian women's national basketball team in the 2016 Olympics is going to be very scary. This is why.
21-year-old poses as middle school football player
Lincecum
Roger Federer does it again
Tour Champ Laurent Fignon Passes Away at 50
Bob Arum's Top Five Blows
Kurt Warner and Rick Fox to be on 'Dancing with the Stars'
Wait... ESPN's Top Stories are hybrid ads now?
What does a tennis player look for when picking balls for a service game?
My Birthday is coming up and Ty Cobb is my favorite player. Who wants to get me this for my birthday ; )
Jordan's son tweets photos partying in Vegas. Problem, he is not 21.
Plaxico Burress Denied Temporary Release From Jail
Let's talk about sports. All sports.
Players on the verge of breaking out in the NFL- Chicago Tribune
Mike Wise, a sports columnist at The Washington Post, published to his Twitter account that the Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger would be suspended for five games. Now Mr. Wise himself is suspended. 
Usain Bolt interested in playing soccer, even has a team in mind.
Why you shouldn't sleep at the game.
Uefa bans vuvuzelas from European matches
PGA suspends rule that kept oversleeping golfer (Furyk) out of event. 
Scott Boras Negotiating Strasburg Deal With State Farm Insurance
The Drake Bulldogs’ football team is scheduled to play what university officials believe is the first official game of American football on the continent of Africa in May 2011.
This is how your legs absorb pressure on a treadmill as seen through a fast speed camera [VID]
University of Georgia - your Fulmer Cup Champions!
Reds’ Chapman hits 102 mph in dazzling debut. Half of his pitches reached triple digits.
MLB Playoff Poll:  Who's going to win what?
Floyd Mayweather is scared of Manny Pacquiao and he is hurting boxing because of it
Does pregame stretching matter? it's a waste of time... ESPN
Some people have trouble moving on, Amar'e Stoudemire returns to workout with the Suns
Turns out skates are sharp (don't watch if you're squeemish).
At what point do you go from fan to creepy? Nearly 1300 videos of cheerleaders on YouTube. Some guy is just videotaping his TV screen. 
LETS FIGHT!!! Oww my foot!
Are the 2010 Bears the 2008 Browns all over again?
Denver Broncos' QB Kyle Orton, this is your Army.
Why isn't televised football shown in Madden Cam?
Dear /r/sports: What's that song they always play in NFL stadiums... it has no lyrics.
Ilya Kovalchuk's re-worked contract with Devils to be approved
NY Mets GM Omar Minaya Flies Coach, Gets Heckled
Former Lions 1st round pick Mike Williams to start in Seattle; Seahawks likely to cut Houshmanzadeh
Terry Bradshaw, always the voice of reason, rips Big Ben a new one
Bobby Bowden draws crowd at Tallahassee booksigning
I made a Hitler spoof video for my fantasy league...
Football Rules Question.  Kicking the football out of the back of the endzone.
A question about NASCAR vocabulary
Some sublime and some ridiculous golf shots.
US Open 2010 - Clijsters, Venus and Stosur Rock the House
FIBA 2010: An American mosaic
The Canadian Press: Buffalo Bills sign FB McIntyre to 2-year, $1.85 million contract extension
Espinosa homers twice, drives in six in rout | nationals.com: News
Paraplegic at the skateboard park: Lands double back-flip in wheelchair [video]
Tiger Woods Is a Captain’s Pick for Ryder Cup Team 
You guys are invited to the Reddit-only fantasy pick em and survival leagues.
NFL tweaks where umps will line up
 Sports Illustrated senior writer Grant Wahl on the state of American soccer.
Who doesn't need a sexy caddy?--Caddychicks.com - Golfers and Caddies Connect
Good to see the DiamondBacks finally getting some hits. Oh.. wait a sec
5 NBA players scouts think will have a break out season
As Stadiums Vanish, Their Debt Lives On
Funny list of excuses athletes have used when they test positive for PEDs
Guide to N.F.L. Defenses, Part 3: The 4-3 Front Continued
self post: Anyone want to setup/join a last minute fantasy football league?
Eli Manning's awkward 60 second interview
Hilarious interview with Brian Wilson of the SF Giants
It makes me sad how this has avoided the attention of the mainstream media. How can we allow someone with this much fame to set this kind of example?
“[Tupac Shakur] always wanted me to smoke weed with him, and I never did it. I wish I did. That’s my biggest regret.” plus 20 more ridiculous Mike Tyson quotes.
This was pretty fucking awesome.
Alarming 125 college athletes charged with crimes in 2010 
Noah Shawn: Soccer phenom
The next 5 days in sports are loaded with great matchups.
Holy shit.  This was a good idea at the beginning of the fantasy baseball season.
Brady 'shaken' in car accident
Holy shit, Chris Berman has a Ron Burgundy mustache. [image]
The 50 Best Dunks in College Basketball
Guide to N.F.L. Defenses, Part 1 
Sorry Kirk Maltby, So Long And Thanks For All the Fish 
Ron Artest interviews Ron Artest, talks to himself about wanting to sing with Celine Dion, space travel, basketball jersey numerology
NFL kickoff continues at TGB. Believe it or not, there *are* ways to be more eco-friendly when you're tailgating! 
US beats Russia at FIBA World Championships
D-Wade.  Is the D for dick?
Michael Irvin: With Roy Williams on the field, Cowboys are playing 10 vs. 11 
Sherrod Brown sticks up for sports fans, calls NFL blackout policy deeply troubling, which is Senator-speak for BULLSHIAT
Joe Montana debunks Rudy
Baseball Fan Makes an Attempt at Catching a Home Run Ball.  Hilarity Ensues.  [vid]
Breaking News: Jeremy Hellickson Is Awesome 
TIL: Women's basketball was once played as 6 on 6.  Two stationary players at one end, and two rovers who were the only people allowed to cross center court.
Dallas' Miles Austin Agrees To 6-year, $54M Contract Extension
Web streaming of NFL games?
Ron Artest got pulled over by cops in LA. While driving an Indy car. On the street.
F Yeah, Real football!
 ESPN’s Tim Brown Endorses Online Sports Betting
Is betting on sports legal in the US?  
The story of Rich Cho...from immigrant child to Portland Trailblazer's GM
Should Villanova Move to the FBS and the Big East?
2010 NFL Preview - A Team By Team Look At The Upcoming Season - - - Do you agree with the predictions?
Bubba Watson being amazing!
Olshansky, other Cowboys sign pledge to fight cruelty to animals -- first game with Michael Vick and Eagles Dec. 12 in Dallas
Ex-Dolphins second-round pick Pat White gives baseball a try
Biggest upset in JMU history... JMU 21 - Virginia Tech 16
Pete Rose allowed on field to honor record-setting hit 
2010 NFL Season Preview and Week One Picks
Despite posting his best round of the week with a 3-under 68 at the BMW Championship, Tiger Woods appears all but officially declared dead in the FedEx Cup playoffs and will need something close to divine intervention Sunday to qualify for the lucrative series finale in Atlanta.
2010-2011 NFL Football Power Rankings &amp; Analysis
TIL my mild mannered manager at work makes sports highlight reels in his spare time.  Apparently, they are pretty popular.
In-depth profile of Rex Ryan and the New York Jets in the New York Times
Cricket players in England will be cut off from Twitter because of  a few players' tirades

Any one know of a website that shows which NFL game is playing on Fox/CBS at each time slot?
Somebody really really really really dislikes the NFL on Fox robot.
Why I go against the US in all international competition (ESPN.com not even an hour after being World Basketball Champions)
As an Eagles fan who just watched Leonard Weaver's knee bend backwards, I'll say this...
We are very upfront about our rivalries in the CFL.
As colleges' greed grows, so does the hypocrisy -- by Michael Wilbon
Shaky Smithson waits for his defenders to come before he moves. Sweet punt return.
Fantasy Football Scoring Question
Da'Sean Butler's dinosaur story/tweet is now illustrated and voiced over by him.
So bummed about my Oakland Raiders... :(
Everyone stop, you know you can't beat Phillip River face, and it's not the only one.
Rick Reilly couldn't be more out of touch
USA beat hosts Turkey to land first World Championshp title since 1994 
Steelers Win - As Good As It Can Be | YinzPitt
The World's Most Dominant Athlete
Here in western WA we didn't get summer - so the Storm winning Game 1 of the finals is a deal
Allen Iverson looking into playing in China! 
The Baseball Theorem of Relativity 
Daunte Culpepper Starting Over With UFL's Sacramento Mountain Lions
Reminder : The US Open Finals are today.
Nadal completes career Grand Slam in New York
Nadal seals career Grand Slam with U.S. Open win
Rugby league big hit
KANSAS CITY CHIEFS 2010 MONDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL!!!!
Can we get a SAP option that has the radio announcers instead of national broadcasters? 
Today I learned about the most extreme competition of all, the Ultra Man, I didn't think this was possible
Science + Football: ESPN's Tuesday Morning Quarterback is back.
Ray Lewis: No speaking to Rex Ryan after Ravens beat Jets 
Tennis fans butthurt because CBS and ESPN cut away from the U.S. Open final for 'Two and a Half Men' and Monday Night Football
Trial in Nick Adenhart death begins
Reggie Bush to forfeit 2005 Heisman Trophy
Suicide Reveals Signs of a Disease Seen in N.F.L.
I just saw the latest 30 for 30: Unmatched.  Best one yet.
Michigan Wolverines subreddit
PennLive: “Very few people associated with any team project as much grace and love for the game of college football than [Alabama fans].”
Video: Vince Dooley Accidentally Calls Kennesaw State 'Kansas State' While Unveiling Football Program
Sonnen Takes Jabs at Georges St-Pierre, Brock Lesnar and Anderson Silva 
SRNA!!!! FUCK PARTIZAN!
 N.H.L. Alters Rule on Tie Breakers 
Anyone else looking forward to watching the Cubs/Cardinals game on ESPN only to find the Yankees on TV?
FIFA 2011 Preview
ESPN trying to facilitate Kentucky and Duke series for 2012-13 season (crosspost from r/collegebasketball)
So buying NFL tickets online is a rip off...
Mayweather Hit With 8 Charges, 4 Of Which Are Felonies
This BBC sports reporter has a very unfortunate name
Nadal's US Open victory not only earned him a career Grand Slam, but only one of three Golden Slams: Graf ( who did it in 1 year), Agassi and him (career).
You can't do this in soccer, can you? [vid]
They're trying to kill me before I'm dead. 
Former NHL coach Pat Burns: 'I'm alive!' - NHL - Yahoo! Sports
Dallas Stars goalie doesn't wear his Chuck Norris mask, it wears him - Puck Daddy - NHL - Yahoo! Sports
Is the Ski Industry Killing Itself?
Результаты 
финального 
этапа 
Quiksilver 
Bowl 
Cup 
2010
I'll see your Cincy v. NC State reversal of fortunes play and go all in with Cal v Stanford
Valencia injury sidelines him for 4-5 months
Joe Torre to retire at the end of this season :( Don Mattingly to replace him as manager of the LA Dodgers. 
SAMMY SOSA IS WHITE!

Starting Vick week 2?
Awesome play action pass by Ryan Mallet for a touchdown
Nebraska puts Jake Locker's Heisman campaign out of its misery 
Clemson's Jamie Harper makes a Superman style TD catch
Tulowitzki hits 2 more HRs, has 14 in 15 games - MLB - Yahoo! Sports
Illuma-Loop Begins Marketing Alliance With Backwoods Life TV On Pursuit Channel
If you have last minute start/sit questions for your fantasy team, here is live chat where you can get those questions answered right now.
Apparently MSU's coach had a heart attack after last night's game. I guess that thrilling end was just a little too thrilling?
Michigan State coach Mark Dantonio had a heart attack after his team's overtime victory against Notre Dame.
Ive just created a subreddit for Commonwealth Games news and discussion, /r/cwg
Manning brothers remix
A rubber ducky meant to look like Yao Ming.  Celebriduck
Indianapolis Colts fan tries to keep NY Giant helmet after it was thrown into stands. 
A montage of broken bats over the last two years
Brandon Jacobs expected to ask for trade today
Oregon State paints practice field blue to prep for Boise State game.
Video of UM football fans throwing thousands of magazines in celebration. DUCK AND COVER!
England's greatest soccer teams and American owners, a match made in hell
Ohio U mascot attacks OSU mascot
Ohio University Mascot Tackling Ohio State's Brutus Buckeye Before the Game
How A College Kid's Photograph Helped Launch Denard Robinson's Heisman Candidacy
Chicago Bears All-Time Reception Leaders ( Awesome Slide Show )
Reggie Bush has not had a good two weeks.
Broncos WR commits suicide
Cleveland Browns center Alex Mack accuses Chiefs D-Lineman Shaun Smith of grabbing his privates
The history behind NFL nicknames
Arizona Diamondbacks enter the record books, whether they wanted it or not
Tom Lehman wins this year's Payne Stewart Award [x-post from r/golf]
Xpost from r/rugbyunion. A friend of mine put a lot of effort and time with very little budget into this rugby movie. Here's a recent blog post about it that gives more info with the trailer. 
Report: Ozzie Guillen to Florida Marlins a Possibility
Donte Whitner cries because The Patriots laugh at him. Crybaby.
50 year old woman aims to become oldest weightlifter at the Olympics [video]
I think there is an emotional toll that's taken on this game, and it's wonderful just so you know. - Les Miles, LSU head coach, real quote generator website
Michael Vick is a Fantasy Monster
$90,000,000 vs. $200,000,000
England demand Butt apology
You might recognize this gentleman. Hint: It was taken hours before an eventual OWI in Manhattan
Ricky Hatton loses boxing license
The Evolution of NFL Helmets [pic]
Yahoo Sports failure... baseball is now NHL related?!?
Here is a list of four very common mistakes people make when starting out with lifting weights. Don't do them!
McKinley the newest victim in a string of Denver sports deaths
The Bronx curse: Vazquez struggling once more in New York
Sizing Up Postseason Races in MLB: 10 Games To Go
USOC Decision Keeps Possibility Of 2022 Denver Games Alive
Walk Off Footage of 1960 World Series Discovered (Thanks Bing Crosby): MLB Hasn't Released, though
Chicago's Boynton finds NHL generally frowns upon throat slashing - Puck Daddy - NHL - Yahoo! Sports
Rockies trying to cheat with juiced balls?
Trey Burton sets a new school record for UF with 6 TDs agains Kentucky
Chapman throws fastest pitch ever recorded
Why there will never be wheel-chair football.
yeah, I know he's just shadowboxing... but Manny is still pretty damn fast
Leak has trouble adjusting to Canadian football rules.
Hitting below the belt in the NFL: He tried to feel me.  That's weird, right?
No one loves the Magpies as much as this guy does. Seriously.
49ers fire Offensive coordinator Jimmy Raye
Melo: I never said I wanted to be traded
ESPN reports that 18-game season [is a] done deal
Halladay throws CG shutout to clinch NL East, top seed
Frank Mir Wins!
Honesty suits golf to a tee In what other sport do players call rules violations on themselves? - Los Angeles Times
Signs that the Tiger Woods we used to know may be back
Note to Auburn fans from a University of South Carolina student after this past Saturday's game.
The Michael Jordan of Horseshoes?
This Referee is Retarded [Video]
TIL Moisés Alou didn't wear batting gloves during his career, opting to piss on his hands instead. 

Sports v games
A Division-III Football Star
The best High School touchdown run I have watched.
Ken Burns High-Fives People When You Cry, And Other Things I Learned While Working On Baseball
Jaguar Kassim Osgood leaps out a second-floor window to escape a gun-wielding man.
Jax Wr Osgood-wrong place wrong time?
U. Cal alumni upset over demise of baseball program
Contador tests positive for clenbuterol
Baltimore Ravens' Ray Lewis says Pittsburgh Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger wishes he could play in game
Alberto Contador tests positive for banned substance
Former CEO of TD Ameritrade now a Nebraska Assistant Football Coach
The 1910 Challenge: four cyclists ride a discontinued stage (326km, 6000m climbing) of the early Tour de France, first done 100 years ago
The Tight Collar: The New Science of Choking Under Pressure
Weird Fan-made Boise State Song -- set to Kid Rock [Deadspin]
Money trail ties agent, ex-UNC coach - College Football
Collection of Ouch moment in sports
Another bites the dust: Rafael Soriano hires Scott Boras
350 mi in 8 hours, 120 mi non-stop through Death Valley, 50 marathons in all 50 states in 50 straight days... meet Dean Karnazes
Billionaire former CEO now a coach for Nebraska Football and is working for free - someone has gotta hire this guy
Not all pro athletes have glamorous careers. The life of an NFL special teamer
AAU Basketball a fast break trailer with Glendon Alexander
With a new CBA in the works what would you like to see changed in the NFL?
Cock-A-Doodle-Don't! Grabby Chiefs DT fined $10,000 for below-the-belt technique
Nate Robinson does a surprise dunk one Shaq
 There's no proof against any of our players, he told me. It's a conspiracy whipped up by the cricket authorities and it's not fair
Everything was fantastic. For the moment, I'm a bit shocked.

It occurs to me as I sway edgily from side to side and peer at the man preparing to serve that I haven't really thought this through.
Great Britain's Nicole Cooke finished fourth after a brave effort in the elite women's road race at the Road World Championships in Australia.
In fact, there was just as much fuss over the bus as there was over the actual racing! 
Did anyone just see/hear Jordan Shipley get knocked into another universe?
Has the spread offense reached its apex? (Note when this was written)
Just wondering: has this penalty ever been awarded (Touchdown awarded; palpably unfair act)?
Do you know how to boof a waterfall? See a sequence of photos of a kayaker boofing a waterfall
Milwaukee Brewers do not intend to pick up 2011 option on Manager Ken Macha
Oregon climbs to No. 3 in Top 25 poll; Boise State falls despite blowout 
Chicago Bulls, Joakim Noah agree to contract extension
The 2010 Commonwealth Games began Sunday in New Delhi with a lavish opening ceremony. India hopes for glow after gloom as Commonwealth Games open. 
Whoa whoa whoa...the Chiefs are the only undefeated team left in the league.
Indiaâs women weightlifter bags two medals on day one of CWG 2010 | NewsEruption
European Ryder Cup celebration in HD photos
Reddit: Who would you like to see in the World Series this year?
20 Years Later - The 5th Down.  Colorado vs Missouri [w video]
Hey reddit, we need to get Dish Network and Fox to come to a damn agreement
There can be only one SC (and it isn't SoCar): USCs battle over 'SC' but Supreme Court won't get involved
2010 MLB Division Series matchups, dates, announcers and TV broadcast maps.
RYDER CUP: Graeme McDowell held on in the final singles match as Europe held their nerve to cling on to their overnight lead to beat United States
Meet Krish, America's #1 ranked under-12 table tennis player
Hey Reddit, I managed to get a big block in basketball tonight. I feel pretty awesome about it!
A Recent History of Yankees Rookie Hazing
x-post from /r/nfl: Seahawks trade with the Bills for Marshawn Lynch
Marshawn Lynch to Seattle for fourth-round pick and a side of onion rings.
Amar'e Stoudemire not hiding much in ESPN 'Body Parts' Issue Cover
Freakonomics Radio: Where are the home runs? Kai Ryssdal talks to Stephen Dubner, co-author of Freakonomics and Superfreakonomics about why home runs are on the decline in baseball. It's probably not what you expect. 
Watch Video: Footballer escapes being sent off after groping female referee during match
Randy Moss finally back in Minnesota
Which NCAA football conference is stronger: Mountain West or Big East
Mischo Erban sets a new Downhill Skateboarding speed record
Outstanding analysis by Football Outsiders on why adding Randy Moss might not fix what ails the Vikings' anemic passing offense
Mariners apology letter for 2010 season
This has never made me not laugh.
ESPN Producer arrested for masturbating in public.
That's the way baseball go. -Ron Washington
Moss trade reeks of desperation
Best goal ever?
They can not be f**king serious!!! The next England manager is going to be...
Have you seen Bigger, Faster, Stronger? What are your views on performance enhancers?
CNN does police's job - tries to find baseball cards  missing owner - some may be worth as much as $1...
BBC News - India condemns 'racist' remarks by New Zealand TV host
TIL a Senator from Kentucky, Jim Bunning, Threw a Perfect Game
Wait, who's going to be on the cover of this video game?
Brett Favre photo scandal: It's just junk
2011 NBA Playoff Predictions. Who's in and Who's Out
Vincent Jackson to Patriots?
If you think the Braves were robbed last night, don't forget about '91.
Rams fans don't know how to handle success
Putting a call out to all falcon fans. Please visit /r/falcons and become a member.
US Forward Charlie Davies, who almost died in a car accident last year, caught speeding at 125 MPH in France last weekend.
TIL how the dinosaurs went extinct.
NHL Hockey Player Collapses Mid-Game
Why are MLB MVP ballots submitted before the playoffs?
Cincinnati Reds fans tried to buy Cole Hamels shots at lunch on Sunday. Hamels returned the favor by forcing them to drink their sorrows away Sunday night. 
Video: Yankees Bleacher Creatures Singing Anti-Gay Lyrics to YMCA During Last Night's Game
Caroline Wozniacki is the new number 1 in women tennis
Virginia Tech guard loses fingertip, still plays
I see reddit sports is down on Les Miles, but so far LSU has gone undefeated through a brutal schedule.  How are they only ranked #9?  
If Terrell Owens is practically working for free ($2 Million)
ESPN can't speel.
Fun Fact: Bobby Cox finished with a losing record (68-70) in the playoffs.
Ross, Giants move on to NLCS in Cox’s final game managing Braves
The NY Post Headlines = Comedy Goldmine
Athletes donating brains for injury study
LSU is #1 in three of the five computer polls.
DAE think that it is strange that athletes pour champagne on each other after a win, but find it hilarious they wear these glasses when they do it?
Former agent confirms that he paid former NCAA Football players
China embraces its favorite son: Yao Ming 
These two pictures perfectly sum up the 2010 Texas Rangers. [images]
Lights Out:  Merriman Tenure in SD Over
I just watched KG get ejected for almost nothing.  Is anyone hating this new NBA technical rule as much as me?
New college football podcast: Ohio State is overrated and is benefiting from weak schedule
Roy Halladay pitched his no-hitter on October 6th. His next start is October 16th. Something is wrong with the baseball playoff schedule.
Crucian hauls in 560-pound swordfish
Excerpt from new book: Death to the BCS
 Bucs to be blacked out for the rest of the season, playoffs.
I think most of us can agree that the BCS system is flawed.  What do you think is the best alternative option? 
TIL Sheffield United could have bought Maradona for £200,000 in 1978. (And some other transfers that didn't happen)
Rebel Black Bear is new Ole Miss Mascot
A-Rod has pictures of himself as a centaur over his bed. Source sucks but I hope this is real
Michigan and Alabama will open 2012 season with football game at Cowboys Stadium in Arlington
Texas court blocks Liverpool sale. The battling for control of English football's most successful soccer club - Liverpool FC - has taken an interesting twist. A Texas court has called time out on the deal after complaints by the current owners.
Ana Ivanovic loses game because of long bathroom break - Busted Racquet  - Tennis&amp;nbsp; - Yahoo! Sports
ESPN and Marvel Comics to team up for series of superhero-themed promotional images
Lions' Jeff Backus starts 150th straight game this Sunday
I still think they should have gone with Admiral Ackbar.
The TWRF's First Bass Tournament
Strictly Nymphing
Brett Favre gets the Taiwanese animation treatment.
Lower Columbia River reopens for chinook retention
I am currently at a leadership conference watching former Super Bowl coach and player Dan Reeves speak.
It's official: Port Alberni is the Ultimate Fishing Town.
Federal Government’s Handling of Veteran’s Issues Goes From Bad to Worse
One Month Left In TBF Tag And Release Competition
This is an excellent video metaphor for what Colt McCoy's first NFL start against the Steelers will be like.
No Fluke: Tautog experts share tips
On their way out, a blonde hostess asked The Mick for his autograph. For her son, she explained. Mantle responded by grabbing her breasts.
Pier closed, fishing tourney cancelled
Gizzard Shad Threatening Iowa's Lakes
Martin Sheen + Fantasy Football = The Deep End
Photos: Yao and the Rockets in China for exhibition games 
Buckeyes v Madison tonight. I need help
In breach of FIFA rules, Nigerian FIFA-official sells 2018 World Cup votes. 
Oh yeah, I close my eyes when i hit.
World Cup bribery claims probed: Fifa investigates two members who allegedly offered to sell their votes in support of a country bidding for 2018 event.
It seem like they're relaxing on the 'celebration rule' in the NFL?
FIFA Bribery Allegations: Soccer Governing Body Probes Claims - WSJ.com
Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones says he won't fire Wade Phillips during season
Wayne Rooney will not sign a new contract
Schroeder's fishing day nets 83-pound blue cat
With Rutgers' Eric LeGrand just being paralyzed and with all the news of concussions and long term brain damage associated with playing football, does anyone here think it a good idea for children to play football?
Des Moines Marathon winner shows up 10 minutes before race, and smashes the course record anyway.
Junior Seau SUV Over Cliff After Domestic Violence Arrest
Three Stranded Sturgeon Rescued, Released into Suwannee River
Centerpin fishing offers drag-free presentation on big steelhead waters
Bill Marchel: It's October and we're in a fishing state of mind
Linebacker Junior Seau Drives off a  Cliff and Survives
Yanks fall victim to the Rangers; Lee-qualizer - MLB - Yahoo! Sports
/r/cfb's (college football) Top 25 for the Week of October 16th
This Morning, In a New York State of Mind  - Unfair Park
The Corpse Run guide to watching live sports on a shoddy internet feed in a lightning storm
An Innocent at Rinkside Faulkner on seeing his first hockey game.  
Junior Seau drives off a cliff after being charged with domestic violence
Wayne Rooney wants out, will not extend contract with ManU. 
Don't taunt Quebecois football players.
James Harrison fined $75,000 for hot on Massaquoi, Meriweather and Robinson fined $50,000 each
Rafael Nadal is the best in all sports, not just tennis
Titans Coach Jeff Fisher has a style slightly different from the Jets' Rex Ryan
How to Push Past the Pain, as the Champions Do
TO and Ochocinco, NHL tougher than NFL?
New York Knicks making progress on Carmelo Anthony trade - ESPN New York
Keeping Football and Soccer a lot more exciting for the youth 
Roberto Mancini - has refuted suggestions he has been in contact with Manchester Uniteds Wayne Rooney | US Trends News and US Trending Topic
Iron Maiden's Bruce Dickinson flying Liverpool FC to Napoli match 
Rick Rypien of the Vancouver Canucks attacks a fan
This is the only recap of last night's Yankees-Rangers game you need to read. Superb.
(Crosspost from WTF): Douche Yankee Fans
The hits in the NFL have gotten expensive.  How can you control this after decades of athlete development?
Kenny Mayne prefers fornicating horses.
Any streams of Game 5 going on right now? At work and need to watch the Rangers win the ALCS.
Lebron James is just a CockShot away from being Brett Favre.
Robbie Hummel out for 2010-11 season after re-injuring his ACL in his first practice...sorry Boiler fans.
Sabres top Thrashers, end five-game winless slide: High-energy effort rewarded, as Buffalo wastes little time getting jump on Atlanta
I need help to win a bet. Phillies and Giants Game
insane reflex at a Men's Volleyball match Stanford 4/4/09
Kansas City Chiefs defensive end Shaun Smith reveals where he learned to play dirty. [vid]
Right on, JoPa.  Eff face masks.
Browns' Mack questions Harrison's tactics
 Kids Football Drill for Dribbling 
Former FSU football player faces caning in Singapore.
Bill Simmons' Mail Bag (aka. Philosophies For Success in Life)
Analyzing Rutgers player Eric LeGrand's paralyzing injury: Infographic
Nelson Cruz channels Roy Hobbs and hits a massive home run in the 5th... Fireworks and music from the natural ensues. 
Texas Massacres Defending Chumps - the front pages of New York tabloids reacting to the Yankees loss [pics]
U.S. National Swimming Team member Fran Crippen Dies in Overseas Race
U.S. swimmer dies during event in United Arab 
Emirates 
The death of football
So does anyone else think Cam Newton is the Heisman front-runner?
Will The World Series Stage Be Bright Enough For Brian Wilson And 'The Machine'?
Fresh claims in World Cup 'scandal' - Sport - Al Jazeera English
The 24 Laziest Countries - The Daily Beast
Curveballs: When What You See Isn't What You Get 
[Video]Lebron Tribute Song
Why is Ryan Matthew Putrid?
Puck destroys camera, 1 in a million deflection
Paramedics cart a member of the sideline chain crew off the field on a stretcher after a collision with Courtney Roby of the New Orleans Saints [w/ VID]
If you type academic impropriety into google, UNC Football Scandal is the first result - HA!
TIL that Andy Murray is a former pupil of Dunblane School and was present in the premises when the Dunblane massacre took place.
Report: Allen Iverson has agreement in principle with Turkish team Besiktas  
New Jersey Nets donate $75,000 to help paralyzed Rutgers' football player Eric LeGrand
NBA season is here! Power Rankings
Jay Cutler on DeAngelo Hall: ... if we had to play them tomorrow, I'd go at him every time, if we could.
Apparently in high school, Daisuke Matsuzaka threw a 17 inning, 250 pitch complete game at the Japanese High School Baseball Championships. This is the last inning of that game.
Brett Favre Admits to Sending Jenn Sterger Messages
Bengie Molina Will Get A World Series Ring
Favre Has Two Fractures in His Ankle After Losing to Packers.
Brett Favre has a fracture in his left ankle that could end the 41-year-old's NFL-record consecutive games streak.
Lebron James in one of the craziest Nike commercials of all time. [VID]
Real Life Quidditch Games In College
So if Kelly Slater win his tenth world championship surfing in Puerto Rico next week does that make him the most successful individual athlete of all time? 
In honor of basketball season tipping off in a few hours, post your favorite moment from last year. Wade dunks over Varejao.
Football drill - Passing Star 
Dallas QB Tony Romo's broken clavicle might keep him out for the season
Tony Romo breaks collarbone as Giants beat Cowboys
Umm, is that a rhetorical question? (I sure hope so...)
Mississippi State's cowbells in jeopardy - it's about time.
Found this list of Athlete Look-a-likes and knew /r/sports would love it. Enjoy!
Dwyane Wade releases EPIC Commercial
Yankees fans make their pitch to land Cliff Lee during the upcoming free agent sweepstakes.
If there's so much discrimination against French hockey players, tell me how some of the top players in history are French Canadian (Lemieux, Richard, Lafleur, etc), and how the Montreal Canadiens have more league championships than any other sports team in the owrld.
Romo avoids surgery, will miss 6-8 weeks
Favre's latest injury excuse overstated as usual by sports media
UFC planning to start own TV network
Study: Student athletes on full scholarship still pay for thousands in expenses
One of the better ESPN articles I have read recently. Also the video at the top breaking down Lincecum's strikeout of Howard is worth watching too.
Walk Off HOLE-IN-ONE to win tourney!?! &lt;vid&gt;
Great new commercial from the NBA. (Check out Yao Ming's face!)
Anyone else get a kick out of watching the Washington Generals play the Celtics tonight? 
If you don't know what to do with the ball, just hit it hard Stahli! German cup - Koblenz vs. Berlin
What a surprise: Manchester United hit by Michael Owen injury setback
I'm pretty sure Jerry was a Giants fan, a couple sweet Grateful Dead / Giants shirts
Alex Smith out and Troy Smith in for 49ers. Which Smith will better?
Penn State wigs out in effort to simulate U-M's Denard Robinson
Does anyone know where I can watch the UFC 121 replay?
Oh geez, even Justin Bieber got a NBA championship ring at last night's Lakers game!
Student dies at Notre Dame football practice.
By One Measure, The Giants Have Already Won the World Series
LA Lakers, a welcome win to start with
So far, the *only* suspension for a helmet-to-helmet hit in the history of the Big XII... fair?
The Dallas Cowboys - Are They Doomed This NFL Season?
NY Times profile on Net's owner Mikhail Prokhorov
A little kettlebell training can keep you from getting bored, and make you better in your sport.
Sure, I have an anti-Texas bias, but Bebe blows.
Mark Dantonio Reinstates Chris L Rucker Almost Immediately After Being Released From jail
Joe Buck is an anagram of Cub Joke.
The game must be over if this is why the runner is advancing.
LETS GO GIANTS!! Rangers Bullpen MVP of Game 2
FIFA will go ahead with voting on bids for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups despite its probe into alleged bribery and collusion
FAU Football announcer wants to fight you!
Favre has started 291 straight consecutive games in a row -- all in succession, no less. And in that span he hasn't missed any starts. That's some good English, boys.
Jackson Reports To Chargers (Less $3M....Agents Should Be Fired)
NY Times 9-page profile of Mikhail Prokhorov, the Russian billionaire who bought the Nets
NFL Touch Down Celebration and taunting
Binghamton U. Basketball Coach Receives $1.2-Million to Resign after guiding program to a total meltdown
Rangers 1st Win
Athens marathon marks 2500th anniversary of legendary run...
Kim Clijsters is the Mistress of 2010 women tennis
CBC Sports - Vikings' Moss fined for being too quiet
What do you think of this kid? (football senior highlight clip)
Perhaps the only bright spot for Denver, Tim Tebow scores another TD.
When he's not playing in the World Series, Michael Young enjoys modeling pop culture apparel with a pained look on his face
BenJarvus Green-Ellis as Chun Li for Halloween
I'm sorry Beyonce, but this video is much better!
any free live streaming sites for NFL games
RIP Portland Trailblazer legend Maurice Lucas 1952-2010
Giants vs. Rangers Game in 5 Seconds
Lions Ndamukong Suh says it felt like Santana Moss was trying to push him into the end zone, not tackle him.
The one way the Big East could lose its BCS bid
DAE wish they'd include a z-score with player's stats?
World Series can't compete with regular season NFL?
Congrats Bengie Molina for your World Series Ring!!!!
Brian Wilson wants to rage..........right now.
The Happiest Old Woman In The World [pic]
Anyone else catch Ti Lincecum's reference to marijuana after he won the World Series on ESPN?
Boorish behavior also contributed to Moss’ demise: According to one player who witnessed the scene, Moss yelled, “What the [expletive]? Who ordered this crap? I wouldn’t feed this to my dog!”
World Series Front Pages: From California and Texas newspapers
In honor of the San Francisco Giants winning the World Series, here is my friend's Giant 7 foot oil painting of Tim Lincecum.
Randy Moss waived because he insulted a post-practice meal?!?
Knicks-Magic game is postponed tonight due to asbestos/fallen debris at MSG
Knick-Magic suspended due to asbestos.
Colombian celebrates too early at World Roller Speed Skating Championships
With Series over, what becomes of Rangers' Lee? - MLB 
Andy Irons, 3x Surfing World Champ, Dead @ 32
University of Alabama to host Quidditch world championship
Kye Allums, a women's basketball player at George Washington University, has decided to change gender but remain on the women's team.
Fox Sports presents: the NFL's 10 biggest crybabies
I am a Vikings fan, anyone have any reasons I should be optimistic? 
'This video is not available...'
Shawne Merriman to Bills
Horse trainer Bart Cummings upset over the sale of So You Think
The Official John Wall Dance -- too bad no one likes the Wizards to bust this out at games
Red Sox pick up option on Ortiz  
Sarah Shay takes on first New York City Marathon for her late brother Ryan; will run by the spot where he died in 2008 Olympic Marathon Trials.
Colts, Steelers, Pats all top the NFL week 9 power rankings; Romo-less Cowboys sit at the bottom
Rah rah rah! Fight fight fight!
Here We Go Again - Randy Moss to the Titans, same story but not
Randy Moss will keep $200K for going to Tennessee 
It would be fun if this was your job/life.
The Jets, the Patriots and Danny Woodhead's Real Height 
The 100 Greatest Sports Movies of All Time
NY Mets Clubhouse Manager Placed Wagers on MLB
ESPN needs to hire a grammar Nazi
Ten reasons Randy Moss will make the Titans better
A reminder to anyone thinking the Heat could win 72+ games this year: the 95-96 Bulls began the season 41-3
The Hornets are 5-0.
Les Miles 4th and 1 call vs. Alabama
Canadians! (and curious foreigners): I am a huge CFL fan and would like to enlist your help to win a trip to the Grey Cup.  I've written a Saskatchewan Roughriders anthem for this contest:
The world record holder in the Marathon, Haile Gebrselassie, pulled out in the 16th mile of his first New York City Marathon.
If Clay Matthews wins DPOY, it will be the fifth time that different players from the same team won the award in consecutive seasons.  Steelers twice, Bills, and Ravens.
Is this such a good idea??? Wayne Rooney staying at US strip club capital during rehabilitation
Murder suspect arrested goes to Bobcats game, gets arrested
Les Miles picks the turf off his shoe and eats it. Classic.
The news about Wade Phillips just broke, and his wikipedia page has already been vandalized.
Hey r/Sports, with Carmelo on the block along with a few others players I made a subreddit dedicated to NBA Rumors. 
Caption Contest
Percy Harvin probably almost beat the snot out of Brad Childress
Guess I didn't need that new 3 strikes rule to win my survival group.
AL Golden Gloves Announced, Congrats First Timers!
As happy as I am that Wade's gone, I'm really gonna miss hearing these on Mondays on the local sports radio station.
The Indiana Pacers beat the Denver Nuggets by scoring 144 points...all during regulation
Any pro tips on coaching a 14-15 boys basketball league?
Shawne Merriman limps out of first practice with Buffalo Bills - ESPN
Former NBA player's death definitely not a suicide 
Gilbert Arenas talks about pooping in shoes
The real reason for Chicago's sack trouble? No pink!
What would be the best way for CAVS fans to react to Lebron on his return to Cleveland December 2nd?
Petition to change /r/sports to /r/LeBronHate
Dungy does not want the Cowboy's head coach spot
How broken must college football be to fix it?
Justin Morneau laments Target fences
The Orioles are so good at developing young players, and so dominant, that instead of signing free agents they've cut 2 minor league teams this off-season. 
I feel like Rudy Fernandez is just waiting to break out. 
Report: Source says Cecil Newton admits he discussed money with ex-Mississippi State player, but son didn't know
Whenever the Vikings play, you can hear my brother singing this all throughout the house
Three USM football players shot at a Hattiesburg night club, in critical condition
Could you think of a better Steelers Dream Team? Probably not.  
If this happened this season, how severe would the punishments be? 
For Fans of Da Bears: Ditka Sweater Vest
The best man won the F1 title, says Martin Brundle
The Top 10 Greatest Speed Record Runs in Racing
Like skiing up and down Everest 69 times? That's a lot of skiing.  Greg Hill... you are crazy
No Rookie Shock: Posey and Feliz Win ROY Awards 
Did Sidney Sam just call for an upvote?
Lifetime Redskins fan switching to the Ravens.
Timberwolves Investigative Report: The Awkward Handshake
Did anyone else think he was going for the double high five?
A dress code for charter flights? Really?
So much for the McNabb deal...if he's cut after this year, he's owed just $3.75m
Steelers cut kicker Reed, bring in Suisham
MLB's Bob Watson retiring from discipline post
In order to understand what led to the biggest beating in Monday Night Football history, you must look back at what led to the worst beating in NFL history.
DAE appreciate rivalries that live up to the hype, if not surpass it entirely?
Explain this: Millionaire Parker can play, but Kanter can't?
Josiah Viera has a rare genetic disorder but lived his dream of playing baseball
Iverson's Turkish team loses its first game with The Answer.
49ers bench Chilo Rachal after missing practice for son's birth 
/r/cfb's NCAA Football Top 25 for the week of Nov 13th
Breaking: Marlins Trade Uggla to Brave
Was Shane Battier worth a sixth overall pick?
What team do you think has the best jersey in their sport (MLB, NFL, NBA, NHL)?
What does the FBI involvement in the Cam Newton case mean?
Coco Crisp posts on Craigslist to find a female assistant.
Report: 8-year-old New York Jets fan tackled in Cleveland 
 So I'm looking at the Wikipedia page for Donald Driver
Wow...
How can anyone think this name change is a good thing? 
Tiger Woods: How I’ve Redefined Victory
Six of the best: By a whisker! - The greatest last-gasp winners ever...
Mark Madsen voted worst dancer ever
Why did Denver Broncos receiver Kenny McKinley choose to die?
Bernard Hopkins is an idiot.
Houston Astros Officially for Sale
Mike Williams (TB) arrested for DUI
Son of the Preacher Man
There was no way I was going to quit. I'm a Mexican; we fight until the end. The Aftermath - Hispanically Speaking News
Should New York Yankees let Derek Jeter walk?
Shin-Soo Choo wins gold at Asian games, avoids Korean military service (2 years mandatory before 30) - ESPN
I think Darrell Arthur liked this dunk.
Pat Burns, who enjoyed instant success wherever he coached and who capped his tumultuous career by guiding the New Jersey Devils to Stanley Cup glory in 2003, has died of cancer.
Brian St. Pierre (Panthers Starting QB) Has Thrown 5 Passes In His NFL Career
St. Louis Cardinals follow the SF Giants lead with Dynamic Ticket Pricing
Browns Fan Moves 600 Miles to Be Close to his Team
Will NFL Return to Los Angeles? [vid]
Sports Authorities to Issue Guidelines on Gender Cases
Yea boy we won two in a row 
TENNIS ZONE: Watch Tennis Stream of Rafael Nadal Vs Andy Roddick Live Online ATP World Tour Finals Sports HD Internet PC
The 2010 Grey Cup is a rematch that fans have wanted all year....
Giants WR Hakeem Nicks is out for at least three weeks for the already depleted NYG wideout corps; adjust your fantasy rosters accordingly
Is it just me, or is this a no-brainer as a sponsor for the NY Jets?
I used to like Dick Vitale a lot.  Now, I can't stand him.
Need Webbed Hands?  These are some crazy cloves that do just that.  Seems to be good for all sorts of activities; anyone tried them?
Los Angeles Dodgers: A Look at Davey Lopes and the First Base Coaches of the Past 20 Years
When do you think Doc Brown will show up at a Heat game and tell LeBron, We have to go back! ?
Blake Griffin going off. 
Danchan...you're a genius!
As close as you get to a teabag in the NBA
Ladies &amp; Gents, It's been an exciting college basketball season thus far, come and join the conversation at r/CollegeBasketball!
NY Giants to start Brandon Jacobs over fumbling Ahmad Bradshaw
&gt;Kabaddi involves teams of men joining hands, holding their breath and raiding opponents. **So what is it really?
Remember when: Emmitt Smith recounts Leon Lett's Thanksgiving blunder (1993)
Moving from Toronto to NY city, now comes the hardest choice... do I become an Islanders or a Rangers fan? 
One year after scandal, Tiger tries to move on.  Actually a good article!
I don't know much about rugby, but I still got chills watching this.  Also, 0:57 = best face ever.
Sports viewers- Is this broadcasting practice of placing an advertisement on the field of play  acceptable to you?
Huskies set NCAA women's basketball record for consecutive victories
The UFL Championship game between the Las Vegas Locos(5-3) and Florida Tuskers(5-3) is going on right now on both Versus and Youtube!
Obama Gets 12 Stitches...And One??
Amazing Mario Lemieux mosaic made up of 10,000 fan photos
Filming San Francisco 49ers cost Denver Broncos, coach Josh McDaniels $100,000
Anyone else watching the Grey Cup final?
Who will be the next AD at KU? and will he lead KU out of the failing Big 12?
Titans' Finnegan fined $25k, but also not suspended.
Mean Dunk by Westbrook
Hot And Cold - A look at the hot and cold teams in the NFL right now
For those of you who've been following the Cam Newton saga...
Nolan Ryan denies reaching out to free agent pitcher Andy Pettitte
What fucking assholes...
Nevada Lost Nearly $1 Million in Bowl Money Sharing By Beating Boise State
Effed up my groin, and I don't know what to do.
Hey Canada, did any of you watch Cabbie's Farewell on TheScore tonight?
Magic Johnson on Jimmy Kimmel announced he's working with AEG to bring an NFL team to LA
Efforts underway to try to salvage live horse racing in Md.
top 10 nfl hissyfits
Cleveland - A proud city forgets LeBron and remembers what it used to be
Scoring goals and kicking ass. 9 seconds of soccer anybody can enjoy.
KU is about to hire a new AD, who do you think he will be? Will he be able to improve KU's conference and football program?
r/sports What are your thoughts on Lacrosse?
Fix BCS...Done
Miami Heat experience plane trouble on way to Cleveland
For those of you who cant locate Qatar on a map
Trying to get a basketball signed by the Orlando Magic for my friend for Christmas
Qatar's 5 stadiums for the 2022 World Cup it is now officially hosting; Stunning!
Anyone know if there's a site that will stream the cleveland - miami game tonight?
Who is going to score more tonight: Michael Vick in Fantasy Football or Lebron in his Cleveland return?
Does anyone think the NFC West division winner will get past the first round of the playoffs?
All I could think of when I saw this Lebron pic on the ESPN front page
A little perspective for Clevelanders on the whole LeBron thing
Gretzky v Jordan: Who was more dominant?
Not surprising...
Two punts within four plays.  First punt: 8 yards.  Second punt: 0 yards.  Is there no one in Arizona that can punt?? [vid]
Warning: what follows is very nearly about baseball. 
More Big Ten expansion? Michigan athletic director Dave Brandon says there's a good chance, does Kansas have a chance to join a 16 team Big Ten? Who else is on the radar?
Is anyone else tired of all the LeBron hating?
Tim Kurkjian speaks on the death of Ron Santo
Steve Johnson of the Buffalo Bills challenged people to a game of words with friends on his twitter.
Miami University stuns Northern Illinois to win MAC Championship!
Does anyone know where I can find old NBA games archived?  I want to watch Michael Jordan's entire NBA career.
Approximately 50-75 people brawled in a Rose Bowl parking lot before the Southern California-UCLA football game Saturday, leaving two men stabbed
Jeter is forever a Yankee
Another Revered Baseball Voice Goes Silent - RIP Ron Santo
SI's Gary Smith profiles openly gay pro rugby player Gareth Thomas. It's from a few months ago but a great read. 
Sources: NFLPA close to filing collusion charges
Looks like Oregon and Auburn it is.
Sources: NBA going forward with plan to take over New Orleans Hornets - ESPN
Which Bowl Game(s) are you most excited to watch?
I'll repost this in honor of my beloved Badgers' trip to the Rose Bowl!
BCS Head Plays Defense For Bowl Championships | NPR
The Hornets' potential relocation future examined.
SI has a great photo series on Steve Nash today but is this one mislabeled? Surely this is from the Spurs series a few years ago...
How would you like to pay 3 head coaches next season?
Does anyone know why MNF has been playing so much Springsteen this season?
Marvin Miller Slams Veterans Committee After Latest Hall of Fame Snub -- MLB FanHouse
Ravens Haloti Ngata and Jameel McClain fined for helmet hits vs. Steelers
Why do the MNF broadcasters have to stand in the cold?
Donald Trump catching some wind in his hair sail during Monday Night Football
Dorel Stoica's lovely laser beam free kick from distance
All in all it was a fun night - Tom Brady, Dec. 6, 2010
Amare Stoudemire posts fifth-straight 30-point game in Knicks' win
Can the Jets Turn the Page on 45-3?
Rockies' manager, Jim Tracy, collapses at winter meetings. 
NFL stadium locations connected by conference and division (link inside):
Changing dynamics in the Eastern Conference (and proof that it is very different from the West)
Fantastic sports biography: The Last Boy: The Story of Mickey Mantle
LarryLand - The Larry Bird Theme Park
Sources: Washington Nationals set to offer pitcher Cliff Lee seven year contract
What do you, personally, do once your favorite team is officially out of it for the rest of the season?
USC Athletic Department Adopts Cutting-Edge Web-Based Recruiting Software
Yankees finalize 3 year, $51 million Derek Jeter deal
The Tale of Two Sports Writers--How bad weather grounded Joe Posnanski and Peter King, and how they each had a different experience getting home 
The BCS can't even do math good.
Which sports star would be the funniest SNL host?
I play a good friend for a playoff spot in fantasy football next week. I was hoping someone could work some photoshop magic.
How many kids does Antonio Cromartie have?
Really interesting looking back at our predictions from before the summer of where the free agents will land. 
I just made a video for my fantasy team going to the playoffs, Reddit. Tell me what you think.  
Good riddance: Shinn leaves NBA - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
I wish we still saw championship scores like this.
This guy may have the greatest name in sports history. It is unmatched and has no equal.
A 360 Layup has never looked easier
Shock in Florida: Urban Meyer Resigns
For a mom she dances better than any SEC girl I've seen. 
NBA players' union seeks end to age restriction in proposal to owners
How Urban Meyer's retirement really happened.....
Red Sox stun baseball world, sign Carl Crawford
See, I can't really understand the Triangle offense, Ron Artest admits. I get so frustrated about it, I have to call my psychiatrist.
BCS Methods should be made more public
Best. Fansite. EVER.
Grumpy's nice catch of fish taken in Australia's remote Northern Territory, on the South Alligator River in Kakadu National Park.
Ngo Okafor: Thirteenth Round. Ngoli Okafor is considered the most downloaded black male model in the world. He is also a 2 time golden glove winner and 2 time heavyweight champion. Yet, when he decided to follow his own goals, he was in the biggest fight of his life.  
What happened to Rony Seikaly? Ten years later, he's reemerged as a top club DJ
SI.com's Greatest American Boxing Movies 
This is why I love being a Mariners fan... 
r/sports, please help out a snowboarder!
Alistair Overeem TKO’s Peter Aerts To Become 2010 K-1 World Grand Prix Champion There hasn’t been one before him and it may be a while before there’s another like him, but Alistair Overeem became the first MMA champion to also be crowned the K-1
Miami Heat + Scarface = ?
So when are we going to see new logos from the Big 10/12
Will Muschamp to step down as Texas DC in order to become the next head coach of Florida
Anyone watching the movie they're playing after the Heisman Show?  Go ESPN!
Another Gem of a Closing Sentence from Wojnarowski: Del Negro tapped him, spun him around and directed Blake Griffin toward the losing locker room, toward a fate that somehow always seems destined for a bright, young Clippers star.
Sherwood Blount: SMU Death Penalty, Pony Excess, David Stanley Feature in ESPN 30 for 30 Documentary : SMU Football Scandal
Just heard that admission to the game at Ford Field is going to be free, with tickets you get preferred seating on the 50.
What is going on with the 'Action Movie' style music being played between almost every play on Fox today (Seattle vs. S.F.)?
Redskins muff extra point, lose to Tampa Bay
Carmelo Anthony only wants to sign with NY Knicks
If you didn't know: This one coach is indirectly responsible for nearly half of all Super Bowl winners and creating some of the greatest coaches of all time
Reports of Concussions in the NFL up 21% - How much of that is reported and how much of that is an increase in actual concussions?
Legends, Leaders?  Big Ten names new divisions.
San Diego State Breaks into Top 10
The newest Olympic sport: Pole Dancing? It's not just one workout. When you pole dance, you combine jogging, weightlifting, and dancing all together. 
Favre doesn't waste any time...
Corporate Team Names?
Is anyone else in Texas or New York tired of waiting for Cliff Lee's decision?
So I heard that Cliff Lee is going to back to Philly.
It's not like your sole purpose is trying to insert your finger in their butt....I'm not going to say anal penetration never happens
Do the 2011 Phillies have the best projected rotation ever?
Oregon releases BCS uniforms- 13th combo in 13 games
NY Post's Peter Vecsey combats Chris Sheridan's alleged shoddy NBA reporting with conclusory statements 
L is for Legends, Leaders, Loss and really lame Big Ten logo 
Has anyone seen It's Good to have a Ring commercial on FOX (please post a link)
Tonight: Celtics (10 game winning streak) vs Knicks (8 game winning streak)... predictions?
Cliff Lee texts Ian Kinsler: 'See you in the World Series'
4 Letter Networks Best Shows: 

* PTI
* E:60
* 30 For 30
Amir Khan vs Marcos Maidana Highlights
I have watched this 5 times now and I still laugh everytime - Soccer Linesman looses his Toupée
DAE go here every single day? I do.
Michael Vick's first post-jail commercial: Woodbury Nissan in Woodbury, NJ
Taxpayers of Glendale AZ to pay Matthew Hulsizer $197MM to operate Coyotes for next 5 years.
Confrontation at the press conference between Jean Pascal and Bernard Hopkins
Broadcast of 1960 World Series Game 7 Found in Bing Crosby's Wine Cellar, Is going to be broadcast tonight 8:00 easter on MLB Network
If you are a Vikings fan the team is requesting you grab a shovel. 
How Bing Crosby Ended Up With The Only Recording Of Game 7 Of The 1960 World Series
Chargers playoff picture
Jayson Werth apparently annoyed that Cliff Lee went back and signed with the Phillies
Even if you're not a hockey fan, you gotta appreciate how amazing shows like 24/7 are...
The Kingsbury Factor: The preeminent guide to short(ish) white dudes who can shoot the trey
Fun with sports similes: The Chicago Bears D will go from facing Tom Brady last week to Joe Webb this week. This would be like...
NFL could happen in LA sooner than you think
As if further arguments needed to be made for the BCS's idiocy.
Mascot steals zamboni, police chase on I-85 - but will it sell tickets?
It's the new Muggie. For when someone messes with your shit and they need to be dealt with, but you don't want to get blood on your clothes. Wear a Muggie!
Woodburn High School basketball player Andy Avgi steals the ball, breaks more than just a fast break.
Phoenix Coyotes resort to scouting the beer leagues for backup goaltenders
When broadcasting sports games (NFL) please use the correct kickoff/first pitch/tip off time
23.096 stuffed animals being thrown
First Piston's game tomorrow..
Boby Jenks to the Red Sox [print link]
Houston Rockets center Yao Ming has a stress fracture in his left ankle -- the injury is related to the ankle sprain that he suffered earlier this year -- and you have to wonder if this streak of injuries is ever going to end.
Tony Romo to be eskimo brothers with his brother-in-law.  STRANGE
Donovan McNabb benched
Please help me find this hat!
JR Smith Posterizes Gary Neal (even better in HD)
T.O. Teaching Rookie How To Complain Like A Professional 
The 50 dirtiest players in sports history. Where's Eddie Shore??
Was Donovan McNabb the problem? Only one way to find out
ESPN has officially gone too far. Placing auto-playing videos on the scores page? Really?
Kerry Wood signs a 1 year deal with the Cubs. Welcome home Kerry!
Tom Izzo suspended for one game for rules violation. 
Jeremy Flores wins Billabong Pipeline Masters.
‘I can only feel this is a move to defame Pakistan cricket.’ – Butt | Cric Ages
Donald Fehr named executive director of the NHLPA
Blood Pressure Cuffs: The Next Sports Performance-Enhancement Fad?
Man what lousy bowl games today, all blowouts.
Brett Favre to miss second straight game.  Shawne Merriman's consecutive games missed streak remains unimpressed.
Well done, Little Master.
This would make a fantastic movie
Magic trade for Gilbert Arenas, Hedo Turkoglu and Jason Richardson
Frank Williams - even if you hate F1, this man is an absolute legend
ESPN Insider for $3, use code ESPN 
Coughlin's shitty day continues. Bill Cowher wants to coach again and the Giants are on his shortlist. 
Manute Bol was a beloved humanitarian who still had a lot to give the people of Sudan when he died tragically this year. An NBA Video tribute.
Umpires Perfect Game Unnoticed (The Onion)
Holy. Shit. Look at the designs for the LA football stadium
Shawn Andrews scratches his head, Andy Reid calls DeSean Jackson a midget,  Mike Vick shadow boxes, and a whole lot more in this great post game candid video.
LA Lakers team up with President Obama to serve the community
Tom Izzo vents about the state of NCAA rules and his thoughts about his one-game suspension (8 minute video).
Steve Francis forgets to remove ice pack before entering basketball game in China...in other news Steve Francis plays basketball in China
Video: Devin Hester's record-setting punt return. Makes it look easy
Danny Woodhead Trying to Sell His Own Jerseys
Marginal instincts and ball awareness. Must 
improve his overall techniques. Lacks a sense of 
timing and late-reacting.
First God, now his balls. Stevie Johnson tweets a picture of his Johnson
New York appeals court upholds decision on wayward shot lawsuit, rule 'golf at your own risk'
NFL Week 16 Power Rankings are here
Scenario for the Hornets?
Replacing the NFL Interference rule.
The Red Sox: The Team to Beat in 2011
Raiders
Win A Numbered Poster From Stan Lee’s NHL Guardian Project
The Sea Gals' rendition of The Night Before Christmas
Sexy Rex makes cover of Podophilia Today!
High School Team Knows They Can Beat the UConn Women’s Basketball Team
The ten worst college-to-coaching bombs ... why would you leave the NCAA if you were great?
Qualcom
Waffles? I think they meant carrots thrown at a Leaf's hockey game leads to mischief charge
Waffle-throwing fan barred from Toronto Maple Leafs games
I swear if I hear Also, too one more time...
8 Dramatic Bowl games of all time
Maple Leafs fan finds new use for Waffles.  

Devils fire head coach MacLean, Lemaire back behind the bench
The Man Who Rivals Griffin's Highlights - JR Smith Incredible 360 Lay Up
This team is a joke and I'm glad it's getting all the publicity it can

Keep it classy Demarcus.
Funny and Bizarre sporting moments of 2010
Cousins makes choking gesture at end of game after a missed free throw.. Kings end up losing!
What's your favorite moment/play in college football?
ESPN Radio listeners. Anyone else tired of all the depressing commercials?

Even Bill Belichick has the Christmas spirit! (skip to 2:08)
Rodriguez broke down at last month's team banquet -- tearing up about the affect his job has had on his family -- quoted the Bible and Josh Groban, then played a song from the musician.
All the best boxing knockouts from 2010 music video
Finally, the end for ol' Norval? 
Samurai Mike Gets the Axe
Top three teams in the NFL?
If it weren't for bad luck, he'd have no luck at all: Titans DE Hayes suffers concussion after being pegged in the head with a pass... on the sideline.
Fishermen have been using Fishfinders to catch more fish for many years now. The electronic fishfinders have come a long way since the days of the old LED flasher units, and fishermen thinking it was cheating to use a fishfinder
Rockets looking to trade Yao - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
Does anyone here play ESPN's Streak for the Cash?
I'll probably do none of these but I do feel motivated
SI.com's Best in Sports Media, Internet, TV, online, print for 2010. 
I hope to be 84 and continue doing what I love to do like JoePa. Too awesome
What's more awkward, Bill Stewart trying to coach next year, Holgorsen trying to make next year worthwhile, or, the WVU AD thinking that this will work?
Golfers officially not obliged to cry “fore
Brett Favre will be fined but not suspended for violating the NFL's personal conduct policy.
Brett Favre fined $50,000 by NFL  
Goodell finds clever way to settle Favre mess - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
In the NFL are the Gatorade Jugs filled with Gatorade?
The Halls Of Fame That Aren't So Famous. NPR's Robert Siegel Checks the Halls — with a survey of who has been inducted into various Halls of Fame nationwide this year. We stop in to the insurance, burlesque, meat, mascot, billiards, mining and the polka halls of fame.
DAMN Devraun!
Some real top-notch broadcasting ability shown while playing madden...
Jeff Bagwell's Hall of Fame candidacy has ushered in the age of steroids McCarthyism
You're doing it wrong.
Little League bans composite baseball bats
“It’s like a rocket ship. It’s surreal. Every now and then, I have to sit back and go: ‘Hey, that’s my kid. He’s a superstar.’ ” Chris Lincecum on Tim's 2010 season
MUSIC CITY BOWL - Tennessee vs. North Carolina 
Epic drop at Palouse Falls (2009) World Record for running a 189 ft. waterfall, WOW
Wondering what's with all theses Ashford University commercials during the Washington vs. Nebraska Holiday bowl? It's a for-profit diploma mill
University of Pittsburgh football coach Mike Haywood arrested in Indiana
American redditors, tell me what you know about CFL football.
Jose Canseco feuding...again
Report: Vikes will hire Leslie Frazier
Fishing Report from NSW Mid North Coast
Orioles pitcher involved in Dominican Republic shooting
UConn Freshman Football Player Is REALLY Mad At Randy Edsall
Peter King discovers the strange custom of the keg stand
Obscure reference time: DAE think of the old Nintendo game Maniac Mansion every time they hear the name Randy Edsall?
The world is ending for this university
2010-11 NFL Point Spread Standings
The NFL standings for this year based on how the teams did against the point spread.
Reddit, what do you think of Sam Bradford?
The Sound Of Vancouver, When Team Canada Wins Gold.
How will Elton Brand be remembered when he retires?
Brett Favre in more trouble, this time with massage therapists. 
Elway Recruiting Harbaugh for Next Bronco Coach
Chael Sonnen pleads guilty to money laundering!
Why don't you leave this to the boys, sweetcakes. She stood up for herself, replying, don't call me sweetcakes, I don't like being talked to like that. His response: okay then, asshole.
An angry, reflective Ricky Williams says he’s likely done with the Dolphins, doesn’t hold back on criticism of Tony Sparano and teammates
Andrew Luck dominates as Stanford runs away with Orange Bowl
So when conference expansions starts up again soon, where will KU AD Zenger lead the Jayhawks to?
Doug Gilmour Tribute - Teach Me How To Dougie
Hannah storm and adam schefter high-fiving mangini getting fired...50 points to josh!
You should see his halftime show..
Nice tackle, T-Bone Pickens!
Anybody selling tickets to the Super Bowl?
Tyrod Taylor play during Orange Bowl
The mud in Baal is good for the complexion.
Grizzlies' Allen, Mayo fight on plane - card game debt gone wrong
What do Bret Boone, Benito Santiago, Al Leiter, and B.J. Surhoff have in common?
B.J. Surhoff Somehow Gets 2 HoF Votes; Even the BBWAA Has Trolls, Apparently
Wouldn't it be something
Meet the Baltimore Boxing coach who was the inspiration for Cutty on the Wire
Great trophy Coach, but where will we put all those oranges?
Titans plan to move Vince Young

Yankees Claim Cubs' Brian Schlitter Off Waivers
Why I'm scared of being a hockey goalie
The BCS championship will be broadcast on Xbox Live. (If you're interested).
 Ashes live - Australia v England final Test day four
Russians prevail after Canada suffers epic collapse in World Jr. final  
Robbie Alomar and the Blue Jays get their place in Cooperstown
Puck splits in two on a shot off the post in a USHL game [VID]
What the hell are the Dolphins doing when they already have a coach?
25 requirements to be a Michigan football coach
Our Lovely Taiwainese Newsmen are back at it with another spin on Favre's sexcapades...
For College Quarterbacks, NFL Success Is a Risky Bet 
NO to become the San Jose Hornets?
Eagles vs. Packers Wildcard Point Spread Preview, Picks, Score Prediction
How did he get this to go in?! (Sound is messed up)
Andrew Luck skipping NFL draft, will return to Stanford Cardinal
BREAKING: Red Jesus to return as Cowboys coach next season 
Miami to fire Tony Sparano. Harbaugh to follow?
Great play by Andrew Luck.
A review of the newest golf course at Bandon Dunes Golf Resort - Old MacDonald by NWGolfGuys.com
Analyzing the inductees and those who fell short of call from Hall
Fernández já foi apresentado
Oregon fan willing to marry, then annul Auburn fan for title game
11th Hour Hunting
Half-court no-look buzzer beater by high school kid
Jim Harbaugh 49ers Head Coach
I guess the Auburn heckler looks like a fool now
Soccer Player Fakes His Own Kidnapping To Avoid A Fine From His Team For Being Late To Practice
You are cordially invited to a tradition we have every Friday on /r/nfl,  the Weekly Trash Talk Thread.
I present the worst fight song in the history of fight songs... Houston Oilers Number One
Best sports bar in Dallas/Fort Worth area? 
Heat's Big 3 go a combined 18-58 (31%), none shooting better than 38%, and they still beat the Bucks in OT.  Amazing.
Lane Kiffin was in an accident that entailed Toyota of Knoxville and the Knox County Sheriff's department covering up the whole thing.
UCLA All-American safety Rahim Moore to forego his senior season and declare for the NFL draft.  He writes a heart warming letter to all his teammates and fans.  Warning: SAD!
FIFA executive: Who knows, maybe they will have air-conditioned suits by [2022]
Amar'e Stoudemire says Knicks shouldn't blow up current roster to bring Carmelo Anthony to New York
Sources: Nets discussing three-way trade for Carmelo Anthony with Nuggets, Pistons
Barcelona trio contest FIFA world player award
Contract clause makes the Raiders Asomugha a free agent
Patriots-Jets rivalry through the years
You ever surfed a 64 foot wave? Mike Parsons has, and he's coming right at you
I guess the Eagles season was just too good to be true.
Some of the funniest sports moments.
Ryan criticizes Brady again
Coolest race out there- The Alaskan Arctic Man
Asomugha-Revis as team mates?
Oregon is not wearing traditional green or yellow tonight...they are going with florescent?
The only reason I could beat this kid 1 on 1 is b/c I'm 6'3...
Any traceurs want to give me some advice on the monkey vault?
I'd like to find a site that records YAC for WRs or completion distance per pass for college games...anyone know one?
Gene Chizik heckled after being hired to coach Auburn 3 years ago... I wonder how the heckler feels now?
Are there any fans of non-Auburn SEC teams out there who weren't rooting for Auburn? Not anti-SEC, but I don't get the shameless whoring out to the conference.
Blake Griffin. Soon to Come Video of Dunks from his POV
35 years ago today, Broad Street Bullies ran Soviet Red Army out of the Spectrum
Football supporter map of London
Playboy All-American Teams through the years. From '57 to 2010
Michigan's nationwide head coach hunt finally over. Brady Hoke is the man.
Bill Belichick: Avoid war of words
Michigan Went With a Safe Pick and It Will Cost Them BCS Glory
UAE Sport: 567 Ready to take the plunge in Tri Yas Triathlon
Johnny Weir comes out -- but what took so long?
Vote here for this years top College Football plays
Vikings: We'll pay for a third of roofless stadium 
In Memory of Dave Niehaus. For my fellow Mariner fans...
Andrei Kirilenko of the Jazz now officially a U.S. citizen
Any Sepak Takraw enthusiasts out there?
share your awesomely debaucherous bowl game stories with the world
Football training drill: Under 9 &amp; Under 10 - Session 4 of 6
TIL Kurt Rambis does not wear horn-rimmed glasses anymore.
Goalie Masks in the NHL....Downright Dope, why it's the greatest sport in the world. 
The greatest golfer you never heard of
FanHouse is getting moved to Storage Room B
Michael Vick Killed Dogs!! Now That I Have Your Attention, Why Doesn't Anyone Mention These Guys?
Without LeBron James, Miami is getting smacked around by the Nuggets? Does he really mean that much to them?
Hockey fans.  Some of the classiest folks around.
Piqué diz que conhece os truques de Ronaldo
Barack Obama hates the Jets!
Reggie Jackson to Jets: 'Shut up, play football' 
Documents reveal USPS spending on Armstrong: $31.9 million for 2001-04.
NFL 2011 Playoff App: Cut Through the Chatter and Get the Opinions That Matter
Michael Essien may be dropped for Chelsea youngsters
Louisville basketball makes amazing run
Joe Theisman Slips Up...Hilarity Ensues
Not The Same Old Jets
Chris Bosh on loose balls: If it is by somebody's leg, don't dive for the ball, it's too close.
Os suspeitos do costume
Celebratory sled ride goes horribly awry for a Jets fan
The Beard Lives On....
What are your least favorite sports franchise names?
Five Possible Locations for the Soon to be Released Plaxico Burress
Venus Williams is still wearing really short dresses at Grand Slams
Another tasteless half-time show
Hue Jackson Becomes Raiders Head Coach
Salary cap in baseball?  Data to support why being uncapped creates inequality.
How do the same crappy NFL coaches keep getting jobs?
More trouble brewing for Lance Armstrong
Maybe the Seahawks need to reconsider firing Bates as the St. Louis Rams beat them to is and hire Josh McDaniels as their O Coordinator. 
You know those Al Davis looks like the guy from Tales from the Crypt jokes? Well, they are now an insult to the Crypt Keeper.
If you liked The Throw from Ichiro, check this video out!
In case you didn't know, the Bruins have some of the best commercials (Links within) 
So I was watching some porn on those channels that don't quite come in all the way but sometimes you are pretty sure you can see a tit. .  . 
UFC 126 Tickets Almost Sold Out
McDaniels back to a place where he can just chill out and do what he does best
What was Tom Brady sniffing pre-game before the Jets? Anyone?
Ichiro is amazing but this clip shows Rick Ankiel GUNNING out one the fastest players in the game. Oh and then he does it again the same game. WOW
Bad Bad Mascots
Milton Bradley Arrested on Felony Charge
Best Dunks of the 2011 [vid]
How I Blew Out My Knee and Came Back to Win a National Championship
Flustered Federer survives Simon ambush
Baseball By Mail - Royals mathematically eliminated in April (KC Royals spoof video, classic!)
Collinsworth: Ryan turning the league upside down - 
Jets coach's style, personality attracting fans on and off the field
Hilarious bass fishing bloopers featuring American angler Bill Dance.
What you won't see on the new Longhorn Network
TIL George Halas borrowed $1500 from the Packers to meet payroll expenses, recommended Vince Lombardi for the Packers head coaching job, and pushed public funding to have a new stadium built in Green Bay (Now Lambeau Field).
Obama says he'll be at Super Bowl if Bears go
Well, this is an odd sports-related Facebook ad.
Milton Bradley Arrested in L.A. After Allegedly Making Threats, When Is This Guy NOT in Trouble?
The future of beer at the ballpark
 Soccer Training Drill: Shooting from central areas
The adventures of Florida Safety Will Hill
Nets Close Door on Carmelo Anthony
NFL.com news: Jets have confidence, talent to give Steelers cause for concern
historical pics of the Polo Grounds [slideshow warning!]
Utah Jazz mascot vs. Cavaliers fan
The NBA's midseason awards - Ball Don't Lie  - NBA&amp;nbsp; - Yahoo! Sports
Mixture Mug: Gerard Houllier is out to steal Charlie Adam, says Blackpool boss Ian Holloway.
Ian Holloway has blasted Aston Villa’s attempt to ‘steal’ Charlie Adam and hit out at their bid for the midfielder in the week they spent £24million on Darren Bent..
Aston Villa goalkeeper Brad Friedel has been declared bankrupt despite being paid over £40,000-a-week
Padraig Harrington was DQ'd from a golf tournament because a TV viewer emailed officials that he illegally moved his ball...can you imagine if this concept was applied to other sports? 
TIL that Mike Krzyzewski started out 38-47 at Duke and there was a group called concerned Iron Dukes that wanted him fired. I guess Duke's patience paid off.
Las Vegas Handicappers talking about this weekend's games
Maybe Bonds should have been nicer to his teammates
Toyota Edits TV Commercial at the N.F.L.’s Insistence because Two Helmets Collide
Interesting interview, with Heat coach Eric Spoelstra, discussing how statistical analysis is used to rank his players.
Seven-time Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong says goodbye to international cycling career during a final race in Australia.
5 years ago Kobe put up a career high 81.  Kwame Brown also put up a career high of 3.
This is exactly how I pictured it playing out. [Angels]
Star Spangled Banner at a Chicago Blackhawks game: As American as you can get
Did anyone else notice that Caleb Hanie shaved his mustache before the press interview?
Sky presenters in the firing line over sexist jibes at female match official
Any other surfers out there? I'm looking for a good out-of-water exercise routine to keep me in surf shape. (this is one I found online)
Big Ben gets a taste of his own medicine.
Find and Add Athlete &amp; Player Bios for over 400 Sports from All Countries at All Levels – SPORT195
We take our football seriously in this town
Is everybody aware that there is a National College Dodgeball Association?
Although it seems very unlikely.. What an addition this would be for the Celtics!
You can; You will | Inspiration to get you out of bed in the morning
New Orleans keeps the Hornets, then the Hornets keep their winning streak going on David West's shot with 0.5 seconds left
Ankle-boy
Women's NCAA Basketball Player Leads Nation In Scoring Despite Kidney Disease
I feel this exact same way about the Packers...[xpost from Videos]
Graduation Rates vs. Athletic Success
NFL: Buying Super Bowl tickets is super costly -  $22,223 
BYU's Jimmer Fredette On ESPN Pardon The Interruption (PTI) - Jan 25, 2011
Lot wants $900 for parking spot for Super Bowl 
Past Super Bowl Rings (x-post from Self.Reddit)
Tennis : Connors throwing his racquet to get the point
Rate the greatest QBs of all time. any suggestions to the list?
Fired Packer fan gets a new job
NCAA grants waivers to aid Kansas Jayhawks' Thomas Robinson, finally gets it right
Does anyone know the origin of this gesture? (Also, video montage is GOLDEN).
Biggest Football Game is One Being Played in Washington, D.C.
Giants vs Broncos. 4th &amp; 1. Check out this hit!
Why the home team wins more, and other sports clichés
Deion Prime Time Sanders Shows Injured Toe to KTCK Radio-Dallas... still needs another surgery
A devastating knockout
Salesman finds a new job after being fired for wearing Green Bay Packers tie to work
It looks like Jeff Fisher lost his job...
Does Football Have A Future? Interesting article on the concussion crisis in the NFL.
Reason why I am watching the 'Puppy Bowl' during halftime of the Superbowl
When Shaq is running at you...
Are we at a basketball game or the circus??
Cromartie undercutting the CBA, not surprising from a guy with his child support payments.
Inspirational story in progress.
Saint Mary's upsets the Zags at home and take a commanding lead in the WCC - NCAAB
Super Bowl XLV: Pittsburgh Steelers center Maurkice Pouncey misses second day of practice - ESPN
Report: GM Cashman's job with Yankees safe
Amazing, freak inbounds basket.
Mets Looking For New Partial Owner After Wilpons Sued for Working With Madoff
So it's an unusual occurrence, but what does it mean in terms of rules/scoring? Does the basket count?
Check out Ben Wallace's hair on his rookie basketball card.  
Igor Gracie vs. John Salgado Added to Strikeforce Feb 12 Undercard
The Big East Conference -- where everybody loses (xpost from r/collegebasketball)
Cheerleaders bringing in cash for NFL teams - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Kobe Bryant passes Hakeem Olajuwon for 8th on NBA all-time scoring list
Herschel Walker willing to try football again 
Crazy in and out dunk.
USA vs. the World -- top American college prospects go up against an international team in football
Strikeforce: Diaz vs Cyborg Official Results
ski hill patrollers catch owners son in an closed area, tell him to get in bounds, get fired. fair?
Euroleague Basketball Top 10. That announcer just cracks me up. [vid]
Is having a mental edge the key to golf?  Tiger Woods seems to have lost the key as he started this season as bad as he was last year.  
Help finding a grommet for my i.X3 racquet
How The Big Ten Stacks Up Against The SEC In Sports Revenues
X-Games - Caleb and Colton Moore Tandem Snowmobile Backflip 
Liverpool confirm Torres to go to Chelsea for £45 million
I need great deadline sports stories recommendations to use my journalism class. Here's my favorite:
Rookie says Tiger mailed in final round at Torrey Pines
Liverpool confirm Fernando Torres deal agreed with Chelsea - ESPN Soccernet
Best Pep Talk of All Time [VID]
Fat kid states the obvious
Chelsea Drops $75 Million Transfer Fee For Fernando Torres
Don't just Watch. Play along with your friends.
European football: In another league - Foreigners account for a third of players in Europe's top football leagues
Vikings' Everson Griffen arrested in L.A. 
Pacers owner to keep Larry Bird as team president


This is the first great new change in sports betting in decades.
2 holes in one in a 9-hole stretch!
TIL something that watching sports can do to us
TIL: You can build a 42,000 seat football stadium that can transform into a 20,000 seat basketball arena in 20 minutes. UNLV's new project does this.
Madden NFL putting it's superbowl sim record on the line...PIT 24 - GB 20
Creation process of the Rio 2016 Olympic Games emblem
Ron Artest wants to be traded from LA?
How much did it snow in Boston? Let's go to the Shaq-O-Meter to find out.
Video: The top 10 dunks from January
Has anyone heard/seen/played hurling before?  New subreddit created
Super Bowl Ticket Prices Through The Years
CBS refusing to air sportsfans.org ad about the NFL lockout during the Super Bowl. (Because we can't afford it.)  
Why Dan Dierdorf Makes Me Hurt Inside: An in-depth look at the reasons behind the inherent suckage of network sportscasters.
Andy Pettitte Retires From Yankees
Red and Blue KU - Official Video
Knicks fined $200,000 for workouts
I thought I knew everything about the Super Bowl already.  M*A*S*H!  Who knew?
Trustee in Madoff Case Wants $300M from New York Mets
Could watching the Super Bowl give you a heart attack???
Gordie Howe taking BP
Bruins/Stars fights recreated
Falling ice at Cowboys Stadium injures 7, one critically
Happy Superbowl weekend ! 
My favorite Andy Pettitte moment: 6th inning, game 5 of 96 WS
Clowney Visiting Oregon?
Green Bay Packers: Cheeseheads of the people. Rachel Maddow reports on how the history and financing of the Green Bay Packers makes it a unique team.
Can anyone give me some lame puns I can use on Sunday?
Long bans for Pakistani cricketteers
Marshall Faulk, Deion Sanders, Shannon Sharpe and Richard Dent headline 2011 Hall of Fame class.
Runner Sets Guinness World Record After Crossing Finish Line of 365th Consecutive Marathon. Oh yeah there was also a year where he did complete 20 triathlons.
Art Schlichter has apparently been at it again...
Peter Forsberg to return to the Avs (repost from /r/Denver)
Super Bowl SparkNotes
Video Of Super Bowl I Finally Found
Time's top 10 best Superbowl moments, and the reason why I hate the NFL/Youtube.
Cory Joseph on Mike Singletary (NCAAM, 2/5/11)
History of the Super Bowl: No matter who you’re rooting for today, at least take a look back at the history of the Super Bowl and learn something. I found the Super Bowl Trivia quite intriguing.. 
Some 400 fans denied seats at Super Bowl XLV
Settlers run the option for two!
How Far Super Bowl Half-Time Shows Have Come 
Since 1989: Elvis Presto!
How do you not know you have someone's tooth in your forehead...
Hey, so I missed the game, how was it?
BEHOLD the Snowbardi Trophy - impressive photo and creation from a friend. I don't think it will last long once he fires up the Weber gas grill.
Peter Forsberg brings his glass ankles back to the Avalanche one more time
Who said figure skating was for pussies?
Kansas Spanks Mizzou 103-86
Recommendations for a Good Quality Thin outerwear jacket for Skiing/snowboarding?
Brosius, Leyritz Have New Positions
Awesome: Wake Forest Coach Tom Walter Donates Kidney to Player Kevin Jordan
Interesting Super Bowl Facts/Trivia
Article slamming hockey fights completely torn down. (Read the comment)
Wake Forest coach gives player kidney
In light of Aaron Rodger's Superbowl performance
What Happened To William The Refrigerator Perry?
Los Angeles Lakers, Denver Nuggets have initial Carmelo Anthony talks - ESPN Los Angeles
NFL sweetens offer to 400 displaced fans from Super Bowl 
College Basketball Bubble Watch (cross post from r/CollegeBasketball)
Live streaming Sport Games Online
Tiger Woods, American Serviceman Play Round
Auburn's legal fees at $170,000 on Cam Newton case  
Send him in, medium-sized fella!
comedy+sports=PMSports
The Italian Olympic Committee (CONI) have confirmed they are to investigate the circumstances surrounding cyclist Riccardo Ricco's admission to hospital over the weekend, amid reports the 27-year-old told doctors he had given himself a blood transfusion.
Page 2's least cool athletes in sport's history
We didn’t click at first; it was awkward. The pain was intense.
Six periods, 240 points: Iowa girls game smashes national record
Rutgers stuns No. 9 'Nova on late four-point play (xpost from /r/collegebasketball)
Despite a great year on the court, and a strong marketing push, Lamar Odom didn't make the All-Star team. Perhaps THIS is why...
Byron Scott lashes into the Cavs after his team's 26th straight loss - Ball Don't Lie  - NBA&amp;nbsp; - Yahoo! Sports
Jerry Sloan to resign. [Alternate title: Never underestimate the power of the hyphen in sports.]
Sad story: ‘Refrigerator’ Perry is not doing well - Chicago Sun-Times
Jerry sloan retires.
How great is Lebron James?
Tebow in Vegas
RIP Emory Bellard, father of the offense that ruled college football 
Can everyone in the NBA dunk? If yes, then who was the last person in the NBA who could not dunk?
Ray Allen hits record-breaking 3-pointer
Jerry Sloan resigned from his role as the Utah Jazz coach
Jerry Sloan: According to the Bulls broadcast of his last game Wednesday night, he was just a newbie.
Blame Jerry For Super Bowl Ticket Fiasco, Not Fans
Pat Burrell was once a highly thought of Baseball prospect when he broke into the major leagues 12-some years ago. He has had a decent career, but never really lived up to all the hype on the field. Off the field, however, he’s done A-O.K.
Qataris Close to Buying Manchester United
The new world ski jumping record is 246,5 meters.
All the World Series Ring since 1922
Even as a teenager Ryan Giggs was by far the best
See Cav's fans, this season hasn't been all bad!
is anybody looking forward for Copa America 2011? Who do you think is gonna win, keep in mind that this is gonna be played in Argentina.  But i think Brazil will take it!
What's the key to good sports writing? 
Diving In Turkey
awesome model of Ebbets Field [pics &amp; video]
Michael Jordan practices with the Bobcats, kicks a little butt - Ball Don't Lie - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
Marty Greenberg Hit A Hole-In-One On A Trump Golf Course And Never Got His $1 Million Prize
Why does FOX continue to let DW have a mic and shouldn't it be possible to teach Larry McReynolds proper grammer?
Goalie Tim Howard is a bruiser and a baller.
Anyone in Chicago watching the Bulls tonight? Stacey is cracking me up as usual...HAE ever seen this related site?
Kubica Recovering Now
All I want for Valentine's is a Chabal Bear
Yesterday, my hometown made a small celebration for it's football club's 100th birthday. VIDEO 
Soccer Goalie Trick Shot Video (Lassi Hurskainen, UNCA)
Syracuse Basketball Fans - What do you think about the idea that Twitter is hurting Scoop Jardine's game?
Clowney sending his talents to Gamecocks
What's up with the weird coach camera during the Kansas-KState game?
Flyers trade for Kris Versteeg
The Evolution of King Felix's Hair
London 2012 Olympics: bargain hunter's ticket guide
Let's celebrate The Great One while he's still with us
San Rafael kid gets tips from PGA Tour rookie Zach Miller
Corruption involving a BCS bowl, who woulda thunk it?
Sports fans formally request to be part of NFL-NFLPA negotiations - NYTimes.com
Gattuso Headbuts Tottenham Coach
Joakim Noah Supports Hemp For Greener Country
My fellow students and I are redesigning a football passing machine. Please help us by answering this small survey
spring training has begun and the Marlins have a new team song. poor bastards!
Staunch Timberwolves Defense Forces Blazers To Pass Twice Before Scoring 
What would be worse than Brett Favre coming back? This.
Dale Earnhardt Jr. wrecks car again at Daytona.  What are the odds he wrecks this third car before leaving Daytona?
Sometimes I feel this way about all the sports that don't matter...
Owners insisting on profits when owning a sports team is like eating a sundae to lose weight
Brian Wilson is Hilarious - Another great interview
Dallas Green on loss of granddaughter in Tucson. God bless the lady that took her. She took 3 bullets &amp; tried to protect Christina.... I'll never forget her. I know she's going through her own hell, but she shouldn't. Christina did want to go and did want to be a part of that...
The Fix Is In: The Showbiz manipulations of the NFL, MLB, NBA, NHL, and NASCAR - Extremely interesting stuff
Blacks In Sports: Networking &amp; Relationships (Part 4 in Series)
Dark side of College Sports...  Poisoning a tradition you don't understand.
Teen baseball athlete, with two prosthetic legs, cut from team due to difficulty fielding bunts...
Iowa wrestler defaults rather than face girl
Super Rugby starts tonight, Anyone else excited? 
I think these basketball players are getting a bit too tall.
Guy who poisoned trees in the name of the Auburn/U Alabama rivalry was caught today...
Mark Cuban Starts &amp;quot;Radical Football LLC&amp;quot; In Support of College Football Playoff
Im not personally a big trial bike fan, fun this is just too good to ignore. (definitely watch in HD)
Say what you want about Bill Simmons' podcasts but he just had David Stern on for an hour and (as always when he gets Stern) Simmons asks him better questions than any other journalist would.
Musical planned about Larry Bird and Magic Johnson
Good Like A B Movie- The 1986 Mets Version Of The Superbowl Shuffler Get Metsmerized
NFL Owners Greediest in History?
Rashad McCants thinks he's better than 95% of NBA and that he will make it in Hollywood...Thought reddit?
Anyone else ever heard of Black Thanksgiving? This is a first for me. This is on the front page of CCN.com
Thanks for the great CF play Jim, sorry to see you go.
I need to start watching more boxing...
The Many Faces of Tyler Hansbrough
A very interesting article on the NBA draft class of 1996, and their impact and legacy.
John Wall Just Killed the Rookie Game
Is 7 years too much for this:
Does anyone have a working stream of the Dunk Contest for me? I'm in Germany and nothing is working (and atdhe.net is gone)
Wigan, a former industrial town in the north of England, is traditionally a place where rugby league is more popular than football/soccer. But in recent years, Wigan Athletic have enjoyed a fair amount of success in the Premier League, to the chagrin of some of Wigan's rugby fans. 
In their inaugural season of football, the star-studded Omaha Nighthawks failed to live up to expectations, losing badly down the stretch. But off the field, at least, the Omaha franchise was the talk of the United Football League.
What happened to the new tight jerseys Howard and Rose were supposed to wear?
TIL Wayne Gretzky's son is trying to become a Pro Baseball Player
Non-Alcoholic beer as a replacement for Gatorade?  
Matt Millen is on NFL Live giving advice...
More along the lines of Dave Duerson and brain injury in football.  This time from former college player and then professional wrestler, Chris Nowinski.  Found on NPR's Fresh Air.
Bahrain Grand prix cancelled due to protests
'Hello Melo' The Carmelo Anthony to the Knicks Song
Subway fresh fit 500, 2011 NASCAR Event on Phoenix International Raceway 
Donnie Walsh, James Dolan, and the Remaking of the New York Knicks
The Next Big Thing For the NBA From China? - 7 foot Center who is 15 years old!  Video and Pics
8 things Derek Jeter can do with 30,000 sq ft. of space
Keepin it real: DeRozan says he`s done with dunk contest until props are eliminated.
Hitler responds to Toomer's Corner oak tree poisoning
DeRozan cheated in the Prop Dunk Contest
Let's play a drinking game. Every time an athlete says, you know? without waiting for an answer you take a drink. Start with this interview and go from there.  
Female BP pitcher Justine Siegal 'fits right in' during workout
Isiah Thomas is a decent imaginary GM.  Not so much a real one or coach.
Ronaldo Vs Rémi Gaillard, trick shot
Professional Basketball Writers Association award-winning pieces for 2011--great stuff.
Reddit Sports, I need help finding Info on the head coach of the Chicago Bulls Tom Thibodeau.
UT Receives NCAA Notice of Allegations University of Tennessee Athletics
has anyone heard a response from chauncey billups about his trade to new york?
Melo and La La Announce VH1 Reality show... Melo hasn't even been officially announced as a Knick yet!
YouTube says it's in talks to stream NHL, NBA games, NHL says it isn't
The first NCAA game broadcast in China will be tonight's UNC - NCSU basketball game.
Slimmed Down A-Rod Parading Around Shirtless Even More Than Usual 
Props to Ross Siler for calling this on Feb 10th (almost 2 weeks ago):  Deron's gone. There's a zero percent chance he stays in Utah if his legacy is Jerry's departure.
Did you know the Memphis Grizzlies have the worst winning percentage (.342) among the NFL, MLB, and NBA?
7 years ago, Mike Danton tried to have his agent killed. Now released from prison, he's in college, playing hockey and putting his life (back) together. [vid]
r/sports, lets give it up to Caltech for winning their first conference basketball game in over 26 years!
Vanderbilt's mascot punches one of its own students in the face and gives him a bloody nose.
Lickly lick
Mechanic Mondays! How to Adjust Derailleur Screws :D
Carmelo is Coming Home
Taking Fake Fouls to a Whole New Level
Chris Wallace strikes again! O.J. Mayo to Pacers deal falls through due to missed trade deadline.
NBA Economics 101
All of a sudden on ESPN, Adam Wainwright is being called possibly the greatest Ace in baseball today. I know it might be true, but the only reason they say it now, is to build up the DEVASTATION facing the Cardinals now.  
Ouch!
Rex Ryan: “I guarantee we'll win it this year.”
The Man The Myth The Jimmer - a star is born
Which team(s) improved the most via trades this week? (NBA)
Chris Bosh thinks he's Vince Carter
Des Moines women’s football coach claims former players stole playbook
Bud Selig rejected proposal for Fox to loan $200 million to Dodgers' owner Frank McCourt -- Ha!
YouTube - Jim Brown highlights
ESPN Does Away With Ombudsman Position, Hires Poynter Instead.
Piston's veteran players boycott shootaround.
Beckham's primary loyalty is to himself -- not the Galaxy, the MLS or even Tom Cruise.
Major League Baseball provided $25 million to the owners of the Mets as they struggled to deal with a cash shortfall last fall and a looming lawsuit seeking hundreds of millions of dollars for victims of Bernard L. Madoff’s vast Ponzi scheme.
Your chances of becoming a SPORTS AGENT or SPORTS LAWYER are slim... but if you still want to try... HERE'S HOW! Good luck. 
ESPN, I think you a number....
It's shit like this, Jimmy Johnson
Pakistan Vs Srilanka Worldcup 2011 Watch Match Live Score &amp; Highlights 
The worst mailbag I've ever read...Seriously, publishing the email addresses of the people who wrote in??
Ashley Cole allegedly accidentally shoots and wounds Chelsea fan at training ground.
Tyler Trapani, John Wooden's great-grandson, scores the final basket at Pauley Pavilion - a fitting way to say goodbye to the old traditional Pauley Pavilion.
A baseball wife emerges from the dugout
Olympics 2014 Mascot
Want to be the new voice of Wrigley Field? Cubs are hiring...
Anyone know if Bauer has their nice solid black ice skates available anywhere? (The ones from like 1999 or so, and before) All these new ones look like flashy money-sucking gimmicks... and there are way too many to choose from; it's just confusing for an indecisive idiot like myself.
L.A. mourns the quintessential Dodger: Duke Snider was No. 3 in New York but should be No. 1 in Dodgers hearts and history
Tony Parker out 2-4 weeks. The rest of the West rejoices.
Mic'd up around the league- All-Star edition
Matthews Met With Ravens Twice
I have respect for guys but I will never apologize. I dunk on everybody. I will never back down. King Blake remix
Out Go The Lights FanHouse
Are the Vikings seriously going to move out of state if they can't get a new STADIUM?
The Buzz Bissinger-Mark Cuban Twitter Fight, Transcribed And Animated  Hey Cuban, sorry I don't own a basketball team and try to buy baseball one because of homoerotic need for boytoys.
BYU F Brandon Davies dismissed from team for Honor Code violation.

new Muhammad Ali artwork/sculpture is amazing
Major League Baseball Photo Days-Behind the Scenes
Why Kansas will be THE team to beat come March Madness...
TIL that baseball innings can possibly have a FOURTH out!  Can anyone make heads or tails of this and explain?  
This was impossible for a non-cricket lover to understand, but FUCK YEA IRELAND!!
Oakland A's Coco Crisp -- DUI Arrest at Spring Training
BYU QB Shows Up Jimmer Fredette
We are 2nd in the nation!!! GO HAWKEYES!
The pressure of Spring Training is already getting to the Cubs
Why is this a story?
Pat Forde is a joke. Worst columnist at ESPN..
When Ivan Lendl's German Shepherd Attacks And Pops Wood
Chris Akrigg is just not human.
Buying my first snowboard.
the Anaheim Royals
NFL deadline extended by a day
Fighting in Hockey?  Love the Comments
Prep basketball star hits game-winning overtime shot for perfect season, then falls and dies during on-court celebration
England's failed 2018 World Cup bid tried to use the Duke of York's relationship with the Qatari royal family to secure a voting alliance.
Phillies Pitcher J.C. Romero's Porsche Panamera Stolen
Having talent doesn't mean that you're not a choker
Andy Roddick is no longer the record holder for the fastest serve ever (with video)
What do you guys think of this?
I usually don't get my sports coverage from the weather network, but this game looks awesome!
oddsfire.com - 'Google Instant' for sports odds: Get a graph of every movement of every line
Joe Frazier was much more than a bit player to Muhammad Ali
Yahoo Sports: Jim Tressel knew of players selling gear in April; possible major NCAA violation
Michigan high school basketball team wins playoff 
game after teammate's death
Is a great point guard more valuable than a great shooter/scorer? 
Karl Alzner(Washington Capitals) regarding his team's play as of late.
The case against Barry Bonds (as laid out by prosecution)
Big 12 Basketball: 10 Predictions for the Big 12 Tournament
Is Jimmer good enough to carry BYU to the Final Four?
Webber Fastest - Pre-Season Testing in Barcelona, Day One
6 Degrees of Kevin Bacon, NBA Edition
Seven years to the day that Steve Moore's career was ended in an NHL game. And it's not just Bertuzzi's fault.
Tiki Barber plans to unretire, play again in 2011 NFL season
At the same time, a hilarious and apt description of Ryan Mallett.
Does your kids' soccer coach chat with them on facebook and ask them to masturbate and bring him cum stained napkins to sniff??? 
Just when I start getting into soccer...
Should we have a r/Sports March Madness bracket tournament?
Jimmy Clausen uses Twitter... well, tries to use Twitter
That throw needs to be framed and hung on the wall at the Louvre, next to the Mona Lisa
Fan says he got an eyeful in hot-dog toss by Royals’ mascot 
New Species Of Van Gundy Sheds Light On Development Of Near-Human Ancestors [the Onion]
Some thoughts on the Tressel mess, missing names, and .... punctuation !!
Charlie Sheen's reaction to Jim Tressel's press conference
Canadiens left wing Max Pacioretty suffered a severe concussion and fractured vertebra as a result of a check by Boston defenseman Zdeno Chara.
Minnesota's Goldy the Gopher gets punched in the face
I know it's old news, but I really like this take on the Brandon Davies/BYU thing
Ueli Steck - The Swiss Machine. Impressive alpine speed climbing, from the Alps to Yosemite
 “I think the difference between us (and the Heat),”  “is that we all know what our roles are. Everything’s cemented for us. I think for them, they’re still trying to figure that out, so it makes it a little tougher.” ~ Kobe Bryant
Tampa Bay Buccaneers head coach Raheem Morris stepped in and managed the Tampa Bay Rays in a spring training game Tuesday
What are some of the most overplayed sports stories in the past few years?
Canadien Police to open investigation into Chara's Hit on Max Pacioretty
Seems more like an Onion Headline: Officials from Rutgers-St. John's game withdraw from Big East tournament
Montreal Police are investigating an on-ice NHL hit
I don't care what team you root for, this story represents all that is good about sports.
Air Canada threatens to withdraw NHL sponsorship over Chara hit on Pacioretty. Respect!
Detroit Tigers Star Miguel Cabrera During DUI: You don't know me, I will kill you. I know all of you, and I will kill all of you and blow this place up. (Video)
Virginia blew a 100 percent safe lead.  10 point lead with 42 seconds to go ... gone!
Mario Little's three-point play helps Kansas edge Oklahoma State
Due to the failed response by the NHL, Air Canada might not sponsor the NHL. Way to go Gary Bettman.
#2 Ranked Kansas Men's Basketball players LIVE on USTREAM right now
David Stern The Dictator...
Calcutta Cup Rugby - Scotland is simply looking to 
avoid the ignominious honor of finishing at the 
bottom
I'm getting word that Chuck Greenburg has stepped down from the Rangers. 
Ken Pomeroy's Win Probability graph for the Miami - UVA game.  This is some crazy shit.
Simulated basketball throws show how it pays to use bank shots at 10 feet from the goal
Can someone explain to me what I'm missing about these NFL labor talks?
Dr Saturday: The worst thing about Jim Tressel
You're fuckin out, I'm fuckin in
Chuck Greenberg wears out his welcome in Texas in 6 months!  Nolan Ryan is now large and in charge and has been named President and CEO of the Texas Rangers
NFL lockout: Redskins players prepare for uncertain future
DAE find it funny that Yahoo used a video on youtube that is someone recording their TV with a camera instead of going to ESPN for the real thing?
The Most Enigmatic Laker
What a Good Coach Does
Chester Pitts interview regarding the current work stoppage. He's an on point guy.
NFL might not be coming back this year. 
Reply to Letter from Roger Goodell
Do the commentators for a given sporting event greatly affect anyone else's enjoyment of the game, like it does for me?
An NFL labor impasse primer (or: why the owners engineered a lockout)
Johan Santana's season in jeopardy for the Mets 
Buckeye fans force Kirk Herbstreit to move out of state.
Bracket's in! Woot! 
Rick Martin, member of famed French Connection, dead at 59
Does anyone know of a good site that would assist in collecting money for a NCAA Tourny Pool?
Just watched ESPN's Fab Five ...
Athletic Therapy News: Don't expect punishment for latest vicious hit
Can Your Golf Ball Make a Difference?
Useful websites for filling out your Bracket
Reddit NCAA Bracket Challenge
I think the (American) football athletes at my college get paid nearly $1000 a month. My question, isn't that illegal?
This is why I am following the NBA so much more this season...
Flyin' Illini: Fab Five not first with baggy shorts
ESPN NBA playoff predictor
Tournament of Bad 2011 starts today!
Adrian Peterson compares NFL labor to slavery.  
 
Yet another nail in the Phoenix Coyotes coffin
Goldwater Institute Announces Lawsuit against City of Glendale [NHL]
So how many people modified their bracket when they heard Kyrie Irving was coming back?
NCAA tournament selection process doesn’t have to be right, but it shouldn’t be a secret
Athletic Therapy News: Pacioretty’s return highlights newsworthy night
NHL Careers Ended by Concussions 
BS report with Chad Millman for some Vegas perspective on your bracket
BUCKS BEAT: Maggette steps up big in crisis
Nate Silver: Why it's better to be a 15th seed than a 2 seed. 
Former teammates, now playing at different colleges, Harrison Barnes, Doug McDermott were both named to all-freshman teams. 
Athletic Therapy News: The man known as Cheesy around the Oil Kings
Kickass new Adidas commercial
NBA advised ref Bill Spooner not to sue AP writer Jon Krawczynski 
Elgin Baylor wouldn't tell me the players he was drafting. He was afraid I'd tell another owner, Clippers owner Donald Sterling testified. 
Braves Coach loses eye after foul ball.
I've now watched 3 First Four games and I've noticed a disturbing trend...
March Madness Lego-ized
Tiger Woods Lets Out A Gigantic Fart While Graeme McDowell Tee's Off At The Tavistock Cup [video]
Athletic Therapy News: Insider: The Fan Forum
I'm doing a live blog during the NCAA toruney for each game. Please check it out and send comments. 
Is anyone experiencing symptoms of M-4 flu strain?
So far four games have come down to the final seconds. I love March Madness!
TIL that there has never been a documented perfect NCAA bracket.  Anyone still perfect so far?
sporting goods commercials are getting more entertaining than the shows they interrupt.
Does anyone know roughly how the NFL does live 3d rotation effects during games?
Top 5 Apps every American sports fan should have
Charlie Sheen's March Madness bracket
Jerry Jones is selling $40 t-shirts
The r/baseball 2011 MLB Preseason Round 2 Bracket is up!  Round 2 ends Monday, March 21 at 3 PM PDT.
Office Pool's Low Number Of Bracket Printouts A Reminder Of How Many Employees Were Laid Off Last Year [The Onion].

Can someone please explain the MLB's blackout policy to me?
Vikings Player Draws CBA Meeting Cartoon... Creates newest internet meme
DAE see the Texas A&amp;M vs FSU face slap?
The 14th at Coeur d'Alene has the world's only floating green.  You need a boat to get to your putt.
Receiver Drew Hill, who was quarterback Warren Moon’s favorite target during the Oilers’ run-and-shoot era, died Friday night in an Atlanta hospital.
Hill, 54, suffered two massive strokes.
Police engaged in a roughly one-hour standoff with a knife-wielding man on the arena floor of Staples Center before the Los Angeles Clippers hosted the Cleveland Cavaliers Saturday afternoon.
The main reason I didn't have Pitt in my final four...
has anyone tried streaming the ncaa tourney over 3g?
Anyone else remember this beautiful March Madness upset? 
Marquette joins Butler and VCU in the Sweet 16. We mourn brackets everywhere.
Book review: 'At the Fights: American Writers on Boxing,' edited by George Kimball and John Schulian
Barry Bonds steroid case goes to trial

Blake Griffin, Dunk of The Year! However, it didn't count.
Who should be named the Naismith national player of the year?
Spain's Answer to Gus Johnson
Tennis pro claims higher IQ than Einstein
Now that's some hustle
ERROR: The requested URL could not be retrieved
Video History of the Crazy Objects That Hockey Fans Have Thrown on the Ice
India are bookies' favourite to lift World Cup

..the NFL operates in a capitalist economic system, whereby you are entitled to negotiate the terms of your employment- including your pay- with your employer as a group. Why do so many of you insist on denying the players this right?
CHOOSE YOUR HEADLINE: Tim Duncan Sprains Ankle OR Things Just Got Easier for the Lakers
The solution to the NFL Lockout.
Did you hear?
Duke is a bigger favorite over Arizona (8.5, -450) than Ohio State is over Kentucky (5.5, -235). Why?
Brawls, Babes &amp; Booze with the Mud Queens of Chicago
Bonds defense: I though they were flax seed oil and arthritis cream.
Any Kansas City fans interested in a free box of sports cards (Royals and Chiefs)?
2011 MLB Team Values [Forbes]
Where did all the good links go?
March Madness 2011: Ranking the Fanbases of the 16 Teams Left in the Tourney
How is this even possible?
The Life of a $725,000 Scab
I've been watching lots of March Madness and thought of a potential way to speed up basketball games...
Why is MLB the only major US sport that doesn't shake hands after the game?
How to make it as a pro footballer (at the bottom level)
Lawrence Taylor After Being Sentenced For Sexual Misconduct: I Don't Card My Prostitutes [video]
The Top 15 Billionaires Who Own Sports Teams
Does anyone else miss this publication as much as I do?
I can't decide if I hate this more than knitting night... and I really hate knitting night.
Parcells no longer with Dolphins, will help ESPN - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Hi /r/sports, first time LL coach needs a little help...
Why is it better to watch sports live?
Duke's Kyle Singler performs a courtside handy
Nader proposes to 'De-professionalize' college athletes by 
dropping ALL athletic scholarships.
Any Dallas fans interested in a free box of sports cards (Cowboys and Mavs)?
Troy Tulowitzki letting fans pick his walk-up music for this season. Apparently his fan base are 14-year-old girls.
Used to have a lot of fun making these as a kid
Meet Baseball's Human Garbage Can
Derrick Rose, Other NBA Players to Donate $1,000 Per Point for Japan Relief
NBA Santas
R.I.P. Jazz: Justice is served
Meanwhile, at VCU.
An Overview of the Paralympic Games.
Cleveland Browns fan sues NFL in attempt to end lockout
Leafs playoff hopes fade in loss to Wings 
England Beats Wales in Euro 2012 Qualifier
How's your bracket? I have KU, UNC, UCONN, and well, UCLA, although I am certainly not an expert.
TIL that Buzz Bissinger, the journalist who blew up on Will Leitch from Deadspin on Costas Now, almost joined Deadspin
Mike D'Antoni needs to adjust offense to Carmelo Anthony's strengths for Knicks to turn it around
Guilford, Conn. Coach cleared in molestation case is unsettled about money paid to his accuser...What do you think?

So, do you think Adam Banks made it to the NHL?
BBC Sport - Football - Wales boss Speed offers no excuses for England defeat
Jose Canseco sends his twin brother Ozzie to fight in his place in a celebrity boxing match
I lost my Fantasy Basketball semi-finals round by 5 points.  Anyone else?
All the exciting endings in this year's March Madness
Handing out demo tapes at a charity hockey game between rockers and retired NHLers
Dallas Cowboys' Dez Bryant sued over $246K jewelry tab 
For $1.99 you too can hear Jose Canseco tell you the media lies!
Draft guide Nawrocki elaborates on Cam Newton focusing more about the author's personal feelings.
A father’s choice: Family over Final Four dreams
It's shit like this, US
*FREE* Any Golden State Warriors fans interested in a stack of cards?
Report: Four former Auburn players got cash - ESPN
If the Big 12 doesn't expand, it will die. So who are they going to pick up??
Softball Legend Jennie Finch Talks About Donald Trump
Super Hardcore Fans: Corpse Smuggled Into Soccer Match
A little love to college baseball - Perfect game by UVa's midweek starter
Fiesta Bowl Scandal: 16 Most Ridiculous Expenditures Made By John Junker
PBS' Frontline gets to the head of the NCAA money trail. Kinda disturbing.
Brandon Belt makes the Giant's Roster, gets foggy eyed
Looking to watch baseball and debating options.  Help?
Bill James: Why our society is better at producing Baseball Players than Writers. 
Every year on opening day
How many of you have started your ESPN.COM Checking Season Today?
DAE who DVRs games wish there was an option to turn off the scrolling scores ticker during live games? It's ruined the score of so many games I was going to watch later on that night.
This Saturday.... The Derby Della Madoninna... Arguably The Biggest Rivalry in Club Football.
BBC Sport - As national team captain Kumar Sangakkara has mentioned, cricket - a religion rather than a sport for the whole of the subcontinent - is arguably the only thing that unites all Sri Lankans.
Where's the best place to watch or listen to MLB games online (not MLB.com)?
Who Has The Most Career Home Runs For Each Major League Team?
Jimmer Fredette is AP player of the year.  Go Cougs!
Portugal 'sells' Ronaldo to Spain in €160m deal on national debt
La Liga is Barcelona's to lose: Sporting shocks Real Madrid.
The Best College Hockey Player On The Planet.
Final Four Gets HD Instant Replay for Close Calls
Jalen Rose pulled off the air.
Caps make a kid's day
Serie A, lunch-match Napoli-Lazio 4-3
Sachin Tendulkar--what a classy guy
Carmelo Anthony Appears On Saturday Night Live, trying to keep disgruntled Knicks fans at bay?
These guys could be the next National Champions .....
TIL that in 1976 Jerry Sloan agreed to coach at his alma mater Evansville but withdrew after five days. Later that season the entire team and coaching staff died in a plane accident.
Question about MLB.TV...
It makes me sad to see a millionaire involved in this at all.
I thought r/sports might want to see my sweet iPod before I sell it
This kid is the best ever at pop-a-shot
In the NCAA championship game, did anyone see the Butler player get hit in the head w/ a ball from blocked shot?
What if College Football had playoffs?
r/ sports, how about some props for winning the ESPN tournament challenge!
Inception? 
UConn Students Start Fires, Turn Over A Car After National Championship 
LA Fans staying classy as always.  {xpost from Bayarea)
have a kid in little league? check his belt! lead warning!
Jay Mohr impersonates Joe Buck's monotone voice, an oft-debated r/sports topic (at 75:30, on Boomer &amp; Carton show)
NCAA Tournament: Was it battle of the bookies?
High school student to shoot hoops for 24 hours to raise money for breast cancer research.
I usually hate intro web pages, but The Masters does it right: beautiful fullscreen vignettes and classic Masters moments. Go now and refresh often. 
Assume the Position. 20 Awkward Basketball pictures.
Is anyone else confused/annoyed/angry that Fox Sports is now using its NFL theme for its MLB games?
Why teams don't like playing the Tigers (post from /r/funny)
EA is facing a class action over their exclusive football game contracts with all of the major football leagues.
Does anyone know what the odds are of Chelsea's £50million signing Fernando Torres not scoring by the end of the season? 
Kansas Basketball: Who stays at KU and who leaves for the NBA?
SI's Gigapan of the Men's Final ... See if you can find Jim Boeheim gorging on popcorn
Barry Bonds trial: One charge dropped, Bonds' entire defense lasts one minute - ESPN.com
WTS?: The Direction of Sports News
Darling I love you...but give me my Mahjong?—or what not to do at a sporting event!
John Daly's ex-wife: He...just started peeing all over the walls.
r/Sports Remember when you could take your own food/drink?
Hubie Brown is Painfully Bad on ESPN, Right?
I'm not a fan of baseball for a number of reasons, but one is the sport's uncanny fear of a little rain.  I went to my first MLB game since I was five today (I'm 22), and it got cancelled due to nothing more than a freaking mist.  WTF Baseball?
This just in rebellion rears it's ugly head in Golf
Larry Bird is the greatest trash talker of all time.
IPL T20 Cricket live | Cricket Streaming Live | IPL T20 Cricket Match Online
Dorsey Levens is producing and acting in a play about the struggles of post-NFL life. No, he's not crazy.
This UConn fan is probably going to kick my ass.
This should absolutely be the Miami Heat's new theme song
Supreme Court Ruling Gives Fans The Right To Act Like Total Assholes At Games
Swisher's slide deemed not dirty by Twins skipper
Do Golf Masters Champions Get to Keep the Green Jacket?

Young Kiwi surfer beats Kelly Slater
stupid reason to get kicked out of a match
Baseball program will continue at UC Berkeley
Basketball game between members of Congress and Georgetown Lawyers (ft. Reggie Love, Obama's assistant)
Hollinger gives Bulls the highest odds to make the Finals and with the Championship
Detroit Pistons sold Los Angeles-based billionaire Tom Gore
Manny Ramirez retires instead of serving 100 game suspension from M.L.B.
Big Shoes to Phil: Evaluating the Lakers’ Next Head Coach
Manny Pacquiao daily ab workout
Why do we all root for Tiger Woods?
Kid not allowed to like the Yankees
FSU fans fly 31-7 Go Noles Banner over Florida's Spring Game
Could a marathon ever be run in under two hours?
Calciomercato Napoli, le ultime novità
I submitted a pic yesterday thanking the PGA for their amazing coverage of the masters (although I should have thanked Augusta National specifically) but the thread took an unexpected turn.  I have altered the pic to fittingly suit the tastes of r/sports.  I hope you like ;-)
That feeling of not making the playoffs
Why does ESPN argue athleticism so much on the Cam Newton and Gabbert argument?
Detroit Pistons JumboTron Not Even Trying Anymore
Manny Ramirez Retires from Baseball: A Look back at his career
a good sports fan is a lot like a good parent
I sure hope these things get better when the playoffs start!
True Grit -  The making of an NFL quarterback
Canadiens vs Bruins
Josh Hamilton out 6-8 weeks with a broken bone in his right shoulder
The Craziest Men in Sports
This summer I will be visiting Major and Minor League Baseball stadiums and I'd love your help
You Americans think Alligators are scary while playing golf...
Bombay Caddies create a version of a game using handmade equipment and a course that winds through the streets and slums 
A yearly annoyance, involves all leagues, but MLB and NHL remind me of it every year.
Free beer! Wait a sec...
Here are my predictions for the first round of the Stanley Cup playoffs. What do you think?
Why the fuss? [Torres]
NHL.com's Historic Playoff Moments Bracket, I think I just died and went to heaven.
With the NBA regular season now over who is your MVP?
Baseball to expand the use of instant replay
The 2011 NBA Playoffs, by the numbers...
Can I have some opinions on this game?  It has been played in my family for 15 years.  I have just put together a website with all the rules and would like to know if others can understand how to play.
via twitter, Selby announces he is leaving for the NBA...
I just met UFC fighter Cody McKenzie at Clansey's Cappuccino in Rossland, BC.
FUNNY FOOTBALL MOMENTS
Love F1? Here's asking for a big reddit favor; Have a read of this Red bull reporter submission and give it a thumbs up rating (if you think it deserves it!)
Kevin Na cards a double snowman at the Shell Houston Open
Billionaire Ron Burkle, owner of the Pittsburgh Penguins, is interested in buying the Sacramento Kings.
Kevin Na is now my favorite professional athlete.
OKC Thunder Fan &amp; Commentator Can't Help But Be Excited about NBA Playoff Prospects
Comcast Moves Goal Posts for NBC Sports
I laughed myself to tears the first couple of times I saw this
Domingo Ayala teaches hitting for average in baseball.
Brown Mamba’s 2011 NBA Playoff Predictions: Why the Lakers and Heat will be left standing
The Toronto Maple In Leafs Year In Review
This is what's wrong with college football.  Most out of conference games are complete shit.
NBA Play of the Year: Nick Young's 360 Reverse Layup Through Traffic
Howard Schultz took a shot at Gary Payton Note to Shultz: you really suck at making friends in Seattle
For the first time in 5 years somebody not named Ovechkin won the Russian award for best NHLer
Great video of the Bulls comeback in game 1 vs the Pacers
Your Favorite Moment(s) in Sports?
The 6 Greatest Athletic Feats Ever (Aren't What You Think)
Armenia is to make chess a compulsory subject in primary schools in a bid to turn itself into a global force in the game, the education ministry said...'Teaching chess in schools will create a solid basis for the country to become a chess superpower,' said an official at the ministry...
Make all the redneck jokes you want, but this is awesome
One-legged man wins ass-kicking contest
King Kenny Tells Arsene Wenger to piss off
Happy Patriots Day for all you lucky people in Massachusetts!  Enjoy your day off.
Whats the most intense sports rivalry out there?
Lacrosse player returns to junior college in his late 30's
Thats 13 mph!
Surfer Recycling Ocean Garbage into Surfboards
Rick Adelman, Rockets part ways
Anyone else using the ATDHE websites to watch the NBA Playoffs tonight? Is it just me or does it freeze up EVERY TIME A SHOT GOES UP!?
Oklahoma State's Justin Blackmon interviews Oklahoma's Ryan Broyles
Crawford to Officiate Mavs Game (2-16 Record for Dallas in Those Games)
Pickup Lines from Sports Greats
DAE get a head ache from listening to Dick Stockton's call of Bulls/Pacers game 2?
Is it time for the NCAA to pay up?
Bumgarner Derp!
Tiger Wood's Niece Looks Like His Female Clone (pics)
NCAA to penalize North Dakota if it follows law
NHL signs deal to stay with NBC &amp; Versus as exclusive media outlets for next 10 years

Last night was one of the craziest hockey games in recent memory as the Sharks went down 4-0 then came back to beat the Kings in OT in what's being called the Letdown in Los Angeles
remember when riding a bicycle actually meant sitting on a seat
The Greatest Game Ever Played. Happy Anniversary, MJ... 
It's shit like this Minnesota [fixed]
Report: Ryan Mallett skips meeting with Panthers after night out
ESPN The Magazine asked athletes to share some stories of how they've been approached by outsiders since they come into some serious cash. Simply put, big bank accounts also carry some unforseen baggage.
Looks like Rangers are playing today
Man Runs 99 Miles Home After London Marathon
Cheer Team Forfeits Title. Surprisingly, dropping the spirit stick was not the reason.
Serious question: how does ANYONE benefit from the NFL taking a season off?
MLB takes over operations of LA Dodgers
Major League Baseball will take over day-to-day operation of Dodgers
Major League Baseball seizes control of Dodgers
San Francisco Giants Cody Ross and Brian Wilson getting down with Keenan Cahill.
This kid is Scooter Jesus. 
Bobby Ryan Goal of the Year Candidate against Nashville
Russell Westbrook. The face says it all.
TIL the oldest and most successful Team in the NHL has finished first overall 21 times and haven't won the presidents trophy
Andrew Ference- history will be made playoff commercial
The English Football(Soccer) Pyramid. All interconnected. Wow.
The Kidd is amazing! The Signature Plays of Jason Kidd's Career
Awesome picture of how Seattle Sounders player had his leg broken
So this is what happens when NFL players get bored
Did anyone else find it very humorously inappropriate when John Gruden brought John Daly in to talk to Ryan Mallet on Grudens QB camp?
The 2011 NBA Executive of the Year - Chasing 23 Writers' Picks
Lee Nailon and Ron Steele take on MSU's Raymar Morgan in a showdown in Israel! WTF
Authorities say Los Angeles Lakers forward Derrick Caracter was arrested in New Orleans, accused of public drunkenness and shoving a pregnant cashier at a pancake restaurant.
It's things like this that make me love sports.
He started at QB ahead of Payton Manning before getting injured and focusing on baseball.
Kirk Herbstreit finally speaks up about Jim Tressel controversy
First child followed by first complete game shut out against Phillies. Ian Kennedy like a boss.
Roger Goodell: Football's future if the players win.
Marcelo Garcia - one of the best grapplers in the world
Redskins owner Dan Snyder refiles City Paper lawsuit
Ron Artest wins a citizenship award.
Problem, Canadiens? 
23 greatest quotes about Michael Jordan. 
MLB to add another playoff team
How is it possible that Miller wasn't even a FINALIST for the Hall Of Fame?!
Goodell plays us for fools in letter to WSJ
Sports terms that you used to think meant something other than what they do
I'm not a huge hockey fan, but this goal by Alex Burrows to win the game and the series was epic. He was like Enough of this! I'm finishing it right now!
Does a player's speech predict how he'll perform in the NFL?
The Yankees are also leaking your personal info. 
Yankees accidentally leak personal info of 20k season ticket holders
Looks like Chris Bosh is in a pretty.... ahem... uncomfortable position.
Well you don't go to the minor league park for the 
BASEBALL, do you?
NFL needs to begin league year or face contempt of court
SG Sports Blog by Gliffix
Shaun Livingston really is a beast for coming back from that injury. He even broke his career high in games played this year!
In honer of the draft: DJ Steve Porter ----&gt; NFL DRAFT
How a player's speech predicts NFL success
Turning Words Into Touchdowns
Does a player's speech predict how he'll perform in the NFL?

NHL to Glendale, AZ: The Coyotes lost $36.6mil this year. You owe us $25mil. By Monday. Or we're sending Matt Cooke to your offices and/or places of residence. 
The Lombardi's Prayer
Roger McDowell has a history of having trouble with fans
An interesting take on Nick Markakis' name
Steelers fan gets MERKED @ 1:26 
Its that time again and no one does this better than 1310 The Ticket.  Any P1 redditors?
God's Gift is going to St. John's
DAE love the boo's Roger Goodell is receiving at the draft?
Fans heavily boo commissioner Roger Lockout Goodell at NFL draft
Who did the Vikings just draft? I haven't even heard him discussed.
CBC All Access 360 degree camera for all NHL Playoff games broadcast by the CBC.
Can anyone post up Kiper's final draft vs. the real NFL draft? 
Reggie say bye bye to NOLA?
SKOHRboard: Best Players Available for Day 2 of the 2011 NFL Draft. New Top 100 Big Board
Please help me find video of the 1998 Yankees Orioles brawl
The 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals grants NFL's request to restore a lockout amid a labor dispute, court clerk says. 
Looking at the bio of the Linebacker the Cowboys just picked, he has an interesting nickname.
The Flyers &amp; Bruins made history last year, what will this year bring?
The San Diego Chargers' Draft.
This is my favorite story about people with disabilities in sports; the way he speaks about being blind and playing football is unbelievable. 
Draft Schmaft: The Toronto Maple Leafs in the NHL Entry Draft First Round (I)
Happy birthday Isiah Thomas! Ex NCAA and NBA champion turns 50
New Kansas City Chief Allen Bailey Is The Product Of A Remarkable American Community
Djokovic wins 5th title of the year at Serbia Open
MLB hits Braves' McDowell with fine, 2-week ban - MLB - Yahoo! Sports
Pedro Martinez on his way to retirement
This weekend the basketball Euroleague 2010/2011 Final Four
May 2, 1967: 44 years ago today was the last time the Maple Leafs won the Stanley Cup.
Bud Selig is apparently a labor genius...who'da thunk it?
Like eating potato chips, you can't just record one sporting event at a time
Ed Malloy went to the same High School as Tim Donaghy. Wonder how much he has on this series?
An MSU Senior interviews Tom Izzo for pre-graduation career advice, who inspires whom?
Some moments transcend sports. Remembering Piazza's HR - 09-21-01
The Worst Hitters With Long Hitting Streaks In Major League History
Derrick Rose officially NBA MVP
Sorry Cam.  Clausen won't give his No. 2 to Newton.
Snooker’s for the romantics, football’s for the bullies
What really happens if the NFL players win their court case?
Who is your favorite sports writer?
Man, if DeShawn Jackson called my office I'd ask him to campaign with me. 
Bob Sapp apparently died and was reincarnated as a security guard at Fenway Park
Top basketball recruit Rodney Purvis decommits from Louisville and reopens recruiting.
Video clip of Liriano sealing no-no with final out
Support for the Lingerie Football League(LFL)?
All teams and cyclists of Italian tour 2011 edition
University of Kentucky athletes do one of those one-take lip dub videos (well, maybe there are a couple of cuts).
Goodell needs to go and owners need to flex a little bit - NFL Lockout
Hines Ward (briefly) detained at gun-point due to stolen car misunderstanding in North Hollywood
Have you ever wanted Tyler Hansbrough to read Chicken Little to you?
No Trump at the Indy 500. Fans rejoice.
Maryland basketball coach, Gary Williams, announces retirement after 33 years and 668 wins.
From a few years back... but still awesome
GS Warriors’ Curry wins NBA’s sportsmanship award. Let's start getting the 2012 championship banners printed!
Bill Walton is awesome
GolfSwingGuru
/r/IndepthSports: The best in sports journalism from the past and present
Another one of those Experts. pictures. Yahoo and ESPN
Somebody tell the Lakers that's not what they meant.
anybody have a caption for this one?
Phil Jackson's career capped-off by 1920's reporter Scoops Callahan
Wings score 3 unanswered in the 3rd period to force Game 6. 
graph of the Chicago Bulls' chances of beating the Atlanta Hawks throughout the game...
Bynum disappointed in himself?  Nah...
Cyclist Wouter Weylandt dies after Giro d'Italia high speed crash

Why is it so hard to find Sportcenter's Top 10 Plays online?
5 is the magic number.
James Harden gives tour of his house and cars... seems like a decent guy.
Phillies Season-Ticket Holder Stuck With Goddamn Joe Blanton Game Again
New ASU Jerseys/Logo
Rug Races: A filthy, hooker-filled excerpt that was cut from the upcoming ESPN book
I'm not so sure about that...
Virginia Tech Football Helmet Safety Ratings
You can always count on the NY Post to come up with a creative headline
Amazing Lacrosse Goal (80 yards)
Wings score 3 unanswered in the 3rd period to force Game 7.
Ochocinco to attempt bull riding.
It takes more than one game to decide a playoff series! Bnei Hasharon - Rishon game 3 preview. 
Fiesta Bowl given slap on wrist fined $1M, stays in BCS.
Tractor-Traylor found dead at age 34
Why do you think [Donovan]McNabb felt he was betrayed? Because McNabb is the guy in the house, while everybody else is on the field. He's the one who got the extra coat. The extra servings. 'You're our boy.' -- Bernard Hopkins
Celtic Manager Neil Lennon Attacked By Fan [VIDEO]
Robert 'Tractor' Traylor found dead. One of my fave ballers. 
Bill Gallo, legendary Daily News cartoonist and columnist, dies at 88 after lengthy illness. Bill was a close family friend of mine, we will miss you Bill.
Chiefs Fan Gives Chargers Fans 'The Finger' And Scores First Amendment Win
Normally I just think these commercials are annoying, but this one found a chink in the armor. 
TapouT’s co-founders sued for stealing Mask's cremains 
R.I.P. Robert Traylor. Basketball player dies at 34
Ex-NBA, Michigan player Robert Traylor dies at 34 - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
The 10 most fascinating NHL playoff beards of 2011 (so far) - Puck Daddy - NHL Blog - Yahoo! Sports
Former pro-option QB Kordell Stewart arrested overnight - Pay those old tickets people!!
Canadian sportscaster fired over Avery debate
Worst Intentional Walk I've Ever Seen in Baseball [vid]
ESPN analyst on Bernard Hopkins' blackness comments: I want to see his brains get beat in.
Canes fan clears up some rumors about him - at no point was he ever attacked by bear [vid]
If they don't end the lockout soon, this might be the closest thing to NFL football we'll see this fall
Seven Travels In A Pro Basketball Game?!? 
Why are Tiger Woods' body and his game falling apart?
Can someone explain this to me?
Flyers to host Rangers in 2012 Winter Classic
Loosening China’s Grip on Table Tennis
Dodgers allow one hit all game, lose 1-0.
Former Michigan coach Lloyd Carr will be inducted in the College Football Hall of Fame.
Rugby has always looked so damned painful.
A Sports Executive Leaves the Safety of His Shadow Life
Does Reggie Miller have cotton balls in his mouth?
Anyone watching the Canucks / Sharks series?
So what happened to r/espninsider?
Anywhere to see Sportscenter's Top Plays?
Derek Boogaard Tribute Video [R.I.P. Boogeyman] 
Taj Gibson Ridiculous
Olympic marathon champion Wanjiru commits suicide
Ochocinco’s bull ride not impressive, but action for charity is
YSK the Bucs 2nd round pick is a beast on the guitar.
Chad Ochocinco Rides a Bull
Best Post-Game Meltdowns anyone?
2008 olympic marathon champ Wanjiru dies from falling off a 2nd story balcony
Excerpt from the oral history of ESPN's rise, prominently featuring Keith Olbermann
Adam Schefter: The stay is granted. Lockout is on.
Bulls-Heat game 1 most watched basketball game in cable history
The most epic rugby punch of all time
It's a disappointment obviously, but as far as we can tell this is the first sports league in history who sued to not play its game. Congratulations. 


Harmon Killebrew (one man's Hero)
Fiesta Bowl placed on probation. God the NCAA can be so harsh sometime.
Coach K seems to being doing quite well financially
Cleveland Cavs win NBA draft lottery.
Other side of soccer : Broken Jaw , Nose and some missing teeth
Why the hell are college bowl games giving money to politicians? This is such a corrupt system that all fans should boycott the bowl games until we get a playoff system.
Reporter sees if female athletes' breasts have what it takes at Lingerie Football League tryout
Transgender player for the GW Women's basketball team calls it quits.
Tommy Lasorda playing a prank on a 9 year old
Fantasy Prediction: DeAngelo Williams
DAE see (and possibly get a screen cap?) of Wilbon doing the ...What? face to Kornhiser on PTI Yesterday.
For Some Athletes, A Short-Lived Financial Success
What's that? You said you wanted to see Mike Dunleavy Jr. in a tutu? 
Dick Ebersol to Leave NBC Sports
Does anyone else have friends/family like this that give you shit for watching sports?
BS Report:  Bill Simmons and Chuck Klosterman talk to Charles Barkley about the NBA playoffs and gay pro athletes.  Not turrible!
Former Prodigy Roams the Streets With Memories 
ESPN's thumbnail of De Smith can't get any more badass...
JJ Barea Takes on the Only Basketball Players Shorter Than Him
Derek Boogaard died from a mix of alcohol and oxycodone
The Rapture Draft
Who can offer a solution to this mess? 
Bobby Gonzalez has a sister as crazy as he is
In his first major league at bat, Indians rookie Ezequiel Carrera bunts in winning run, evades tag. (video)
Mets Hall of Fame catcher Gary Carter diagnosed with multiple brain tumors, surgery scheduled
Quite possibly the Largest Collection of Bad Celebrity First Pitches for MLB Games
Native American lacrosse tradition
Suspect in beating of Giants fan Bryan Stow in custody - ESPN Los Angeles
Tip led police to suspect in Dodger Stadium beating 
Ghodi - another crazy sport. 
Interview with the Alabama fan accused of poisoning Auburn Trees. 
The Macho Man You Never Knew
TNT to move Charles Barkley out of harm's way from angry Miami Heat fans

Need to find video shown on sportsnation (sportscenter?)
Spanish cyclist dies in garage accident
Lockout next season? No problem. Ron Artest already selling tickets for his Ultimate Comedy Tour
Kansas City Chiefs donating 35,000 dollars for disaster-relief efforts in Joplin, MO.
Herren's bio shows dark side of his fall - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
Are the Indianapolis Colts DOOMED now that Bill Polian is stepping down?
Help me find this (maybe non-existent) sport: Lacrosse in kayaks
I think we should petition to get the Vancouver Canucks into their throwbacks for game one or the stanley cup finals.
Dodgers fans are dangerous, but are the Dodgers themselves liable for their actions?
AJ Pierzynski to George Dubya Bush cause you were the president doesn’t mean I wouldn’t jump on top of you”
Table Tennis: List of Players &amp; Schedule Released for Chinese Super League
All of Deadspin's brilliant Dead Wrestler of the Week posts.
If I had the ball on the fastbreak, and jesus was on one end, and Vince Carter was on the other, I'd have to pass it to Vince Carter.
Source: Lakers 'very close' to hiring Brown - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
Pitt QB busted for weed
So, ESPN finally changed its comments section...
Usain Bolt and Asafa Powell showdown today (Thurs 
5/26)
The Cart Before the Horse: Terry's Tat of NBA Championship Trophy
Parents are paying for DNA tests to see what type of athlete their child should be
You know, some of these NBA fines are start to sound like jokes!
What is the toughest position in sports?
The Crossover: Genealogy of a Vicious Move - Interactive Feature - NYTimes.com
Help Reddit, I really want to watch the game the way I can online? Find me a link to watch it on please bulls vs heats
Who else enjoyed the south park satirizing the NCAA? Also hoping to get a discussion started on the moral aspects of college athletics, specifically football.
Chicago Bulls Blow Big Lead, It's Miami Vs. Dallas
FIFA on Wednesday summoned Asian Football Confederation leader Mohamed bin Hammam and FIFA vice president Jack Warner to an ethics hearing Sunday to face allegations of corruption during the Qatari official's campaign visit to Trinidad two weeks ago.
It's stuff like this that reminds me athletes are just as human as the rest of us
6 things the Yankees need to work on...stupid video.
The motivational video that will be shown to Man Utd players and fans before Champions League Final
These are the type of Stories that drive ESPNinsider sales
Beverly Hills Bosh - this should probably be in /r/wtf
Stamkos... ouch
Got good seats ? How do they compare to higher priced cities. My $70 Yankee/Mariners seat would cost me $2600 in Yankee Stadium.
The Indy 500: Born Out Of 'Blood And Smoke'
Ernestine Shepherd, ripped at age 74!
Barça goes sky HIGH
Usain Bolt fractal illustration for Gatorade Evoluciona campaign in Latin America
Ali and Tyson discuss who would win if they fought
Austrian tennis player Daniel Koellerer banned for life for match fixing
Basketball Journalism Internship Opportunity with Mindless Dribble
The Sporting Scene: The Wing Is King: Why the Heat Will Win 
What are people's thoughts on this Giants/Red Sox All-Star voting alliance?
Chris Collinsworth's plan for looming NFL strike... coaching high school football
WSJ.com - 1,500 of New York's Craziest Fans
Crosspost from r/ultimate: frisbee trick shot video
This is utterly optimistic on Yahoo's part.....you can sign up today for the 2011 Fantasy Football season.... 
TIL what greyshirting means and I don't really like it.
J. Cole Revamps The Theme For ESPN's Baseball Tonight
Crazy suggestion but.....
Dan Severn is still fighting at 52 (53 next week).  He's 26-5 in the last five years, with 99 professional wins.  Must be the 'stache.
Canucks fans drive to a conference finals game in San Jose on a whim, end up partying with the owner. 
Just a thought...
Not a good sign for Football Fans
Bacon Sponsors NBA... oh wait nevermind
What's the over/under of Shaq's weight in 5 years???  500lbs???  800??????
Before Dirk.... There was DETLEF!! What a legend! (He should sue whoever made this video)
Thoughts on Lebron James? 
Some random stats on the Finals so far
Cubs can't even get their logo right
I love handball and this is an interesting story - Garcia Twins Banned From High School Handball Tournament - NYTimes.com
Jennie Finch Discusses Winning the Gold Medal in 2004 Olympics
watch the livestream of most important open water swim competition in cancun &amp; mexico Por La Libre 10km &amp; 3km challenge
How do they determine who is the home team during the College World Series?  Specifically why is Seton Hall the home team for a game against Texas A&amp;M in College Station where A&amp;M is the #1 seed?
my favorite thing about the Stanley Cup Finals... the Buccigross Overtime Challenge. pick one player from each team. if one scores the OT winner, you win.
This is how you talk to the media after a DUI
West Point Football Player Sent Into Duty As Punishment
First time using r/sports, do you guys do live chats of the Reddit community for games like tonights Mavs/Heats game?
BBC Sport - French Open: Rafael Nadal beats Roger Federer to win title
Kevin McHale is hilariously aware of his station - Ball Don't Lie - NBA Blog - Yahoo! Sports
Anyone got a live steam for Game 3 tonight?
Who do you think will win the NBA finals and why?
If Steve Stricker had played best ball of his rounds at The Memorial, he shoots 25 on Front 9
Everyone keeps comparing LeBron to Jordan, but what if D-Wade wins MVP for the 2011 Finals?
Any chance LeBron brings the Larry O'brien trophy to Cleveland for a Ray Bourque-style celebration?
Snoop Dogg Gives His Opinion on the Lakers’ New Coaching Hire

Bruins Playoff Montage Transformers 3 Theme
I don't watch PTI often, but I've noticed that during 
the breaks, the TV always cuts back to Tony 
Kornhieser being a dick before continuing on to 
commercials.
Muhammad Ali rocked!
Gordon Hayward of the Utah Jazz is streaming starcraft 2 games
Chicago Sports Authority 1st Edition
Football.... pro and college... Houston, we have a problem
Member of Parliament protests rugby team's new jersey by wearing old one, is promptly kicked out of Parliament session.
The NFL is making a contingency plan for a season as short as eight games
Tiger Woods NOT playing in US Open
The fencing response is an unnatural position of the arms following a concussion. Immediately after moderate forces have been applied to the brainstem, the forearms are held flexed or extended for a period lasting up to several seconds after the impact
New Sports Comedy blog! Follow if you like.
Just A Hunch, but I Doubt We See This In Cleveland At Lebron's Middle School
NBC holds onto Olympics through 2020 with $4.3-billion bid
Rutgers coach Greg Schiano wants to abolish kickoffs. He also wants to replace onside kicks with a 4th and 15 play from the 30.
Why do the Heat take so long bringing the ball up?
LeBron James streak of double-digit games ends
NHL: Toothless Players Gumming On Each Other's Fingers Is Harmless
Who are the best SportsCenter anchors?
TIL how an obscure junior college basketball game in North Dakota made history
Are the Celtics going down or do they have more left in em'?
A pickup line for the Minnesotans out there..
What is the most one-sided rivalry in sports?
How the new CBA in the NBA could affect future free agency
Colt McCoy's wife doing her best to help her Alma Mater, Baylor, compete with her husband's.
CBS's 100 most influential things in college football: Nick Saban No. 3, Gene Chizik not mentioned | 						al.com
Too nervous to sleep? ...Last night LeBron James was up at 3AM tweeting motivational quotes to himself
Sherron Collins cut from new team after one day...
Usain Bolt clocks 19.86 for his 200m return
Baseball Fans: What's the big deal over sportsmanship?
Besides any Yankees lineup, what were some of the hardest hitting lineups in baseball?
Did anyone else just see/hear Josh Beckett drop an unbleeped f-bomb on the NESN postgame?
Stanley Cup Lauded For Work With Developmentally Disabled Trophies
Muslim weightlifter's wish to dress modestly triggers debate
The final Veterans Stadium hot dog?  Phillies fan still has a hot dog... from 2003.
Shameless plug here -- my community is raffling off a log cabin to raise money for a track. $50 a ticket, link inside.
Mike Tyson: Where all the money went (Video)
Remember this video? Dirk and Jet - Ready to rock n roll
Joba Chamberlain having Tommy John surgery
Is the Stanley Cup the only trophy kept by the championship team until a new one is crowned?(x-post)
Gilbert Arenas can't even get playing time in his own video game...
Why goalkeepers shouldn’t be too quick to celebrate
Everyone hates LeBron... but do you love Cuban and Kidd?
Draftrank's 2011 NHL Mock Draft (Final) - Ryan Nugent Hopkins still #1!  
Reddit: What are some questions about other sports that you're not very familiar with that you would like answered?
Lukas Verzbicas, IL Junior, becomes fifth ever US High Schooler to run a sub 4:00 mile. First since Alan Webb ten years ago.
this ringtones chants app is pretty cool for Manchester United fans 
How an MLB umpire helped a Kalamazoo Wiffleball team (wiffleball is serious business.)
10 Summer Beach Sports for Fun and Weight Loss
A solution to the increasingly problematic college recruiting issues from the John Wooden play book.
MLB Considering Realignment? Which NL Team Will Make The Switch?
Mark Cuban on ESPN: Our fans punked the SHIT out of the Miami fans
What happens when you celebrate too soon? You get mouth trumpeted.
Encore: Cartman uses the LeBron James technique
/r/sports, who is the best athlete to never win a major title?
An eye-popping crash during 24 Heures du Mans 2011 in Le Mans, France on 11 June 2011. Photo credit: Christian Barre / Endurance-magazine
Being on Reddit and Twitter last night, it sure felt like Bill Simmons was right. 
The Economist: Why Barca is the template that all sports clubs should follow
Video of Mark Cuban saying Mavericks Fans 'Punked The S--t' Out Of Heat Crowd
Photo essay for those waking up still wanting a little more laughter at Lebron's expense. 
LeBron James is still royalty — an emperor with no clothes
Dallas Defeats Miami, Lebron James Fails Again
An interesting opinion piece on the public's perception of Lebron, from Bill Simmons's new site.
Six Excuses LeBron Can Use For Free
We're Texas: We Don't Dogpile Until Omaha 
Photo gallery of the Mavs post-Finals celebration in South Beach with Lil Wayne + others
Should LeBron embrace being the villain? 
Why are there different rules for girls lacrosse? They should play the same game as the guys, especially if it means they are more safe.
Crossover King ahhhhh
LeBron James' new decision
NHL finals
Vancouver just can't put it away
Watch a bad rally crash cause a worse rally crash
wait...don't i recognize you from somewhere?
Star Power: Recruiting gurus' track record at the top of the polls, by the numbers - Dr. Saturday - NCAAF Blog - Yahoo! Sports
Fierljeppen: a popular sport in the region where i grew up [video]
NFL Kansas Chief Tight End saves 6 year old boy from drowning during summer party because he was the only one who knew how to swim.
Peoria Chiefs to hold LeBron Championship Ring Night
A Short Photo Essay About LeBron James For People Who Don't Like LeBron James
Turning Defenders into Bystanders
Lawyers causing problems again :(
The window remains open for Lefty - Golf - Yahoo! Sports
Lightning Ranked 2nd Best Franchise in Sports! (up from 70th last year)
The Kenny Powers of the PGA Tour
Stanley Cup, Game 7 - Ticket Prices...what would you pay??
Coach Gene Chizik says Auburn had no fears about Cam Newton's eligibility
Unbelievable shot by Andy Murray
it's official...cubs will suck for the next several years (at least).
Riots in Vancouver streets after the game? Now that's a little excessive....
Shaquille O’Neal was investigated as part of sex-tape kidnapping case in 2009 
Gopher baseball player announces lineup with ridiculous Minnesotan accent.
Anyone else have friends like this? 
The City of Boston has now won the NHL, NBA, MLB, and NFL title at least once in the last 10 years.  Are they the best sports city?
Creator of Nike's famed Swoosh remembers its conception 40 years later					OregonLive.com
The Myth of the Champion and the Choke Artist
Vancouver local, who happens to be a columnist, vents over riot. Language NSFW?
It's official, the NZ Rugby Union is more oppressive than the Chinese government.
Dirk Nowitski sings like an angel
Steve Carell, The Decision
Vancouver Riot - Best Pictures &amp; Videos
2010 NBA Champions Summer Expert Forecasts vs. Dallas Mavericks (note: none picked them).
2018 Open heading back to Shinnecock - Golf - Yahoo! Sports
Neil Walker's dad was kicked off the plane that killed Roberto Clemente. Eery if you're a Pirates fan.
Eddy Curry, you silly goose.
Cleveland radio host to name baby after Dirk Nowitski
John Wall throws first pitch at a Nationals game like he has never handled a ball in his life.
Free horse racing picks to bet with!
2011 Fortunate 50 - SI.com: World's Highest Paid Athletes. 
Isner-Mahut to have rematch of epic 3-day Wimbledon Marathon
What is the most jaw dropping, goosebump moment in sports that you ever saw (vid appreciated)
RIP Len Bias
Rory McIlroy was better than most of us at 9 years old
Good piece on Orioles' Zach Britton.
I just created /r/houstonsports for those who want to discuss Houston sports of the past, present, and future
Sugar Ray Leonard admits cocaine abuse...
Gordon Hayward of Utah Jazz talks about his StarCraft 2 stream (and maybe basketball)
LeSean McCoy called Osi Umenyiora soft. Here are the photoshops to prove it.
Why an NHL riot is more likely than a Wimbledon riot. 
What internet source do you go to for information?
Worst pitch invader ever?
Somewhere in this video, there's a clue to where Dwight Howard is playing in a year. I just have to look hard enough...
Mike Ditka to appear in Entourage series finale
[Cycling] 58th national championship title for Longo
Phillie Phanatic Hospitalized After Getting Hit by Foul Ball
Ben Rothlisberger &amp; Plaxico star in Lethal Weapon
Toronto Raptors name Dallas Mavericks assistant Dwane Casey new coach - ESPN
Highest number of foreign picks in the 1st round? Anyone wanna take that bet with me?
7 most frustrating pro sports work stoppages in the last 30 years
TIL about Robin Sadler, drafted 9th overall from Vancouver by the Habs in the 1975 draft. He retired during training camp that fall because he didn't like the pressure. Then he had a chance to play for the Oilers a couple years later, and backed out again. Never played a single NHL game.
Tour de France 2011 - Teams and riders for the 2011 Tour de France
Tour de France 2011 - Vacansoleil riders for the 2011 Tour de France
Tour de France 2011 - Astana riders for the 2011 Tour de France
Tour de France 2011 - Liquigas riders for the 2011 Tour de France
Tour de France 2011 - Quick Step riders for the 2011 Tour de France
Tour de France 2011 - Bmc riders for the 2011 Tour de France
Tour de France 2011 - Team Rabo Bank riders for the 2011 Tour de France
Tour de France 2011 - Team RadioShack riders for the 2011 Tour de France
Tour de France 2011 - Team Sky riders for the 2011 Tour de France
Rob Riggle, Paul Rudd and Kansas City sports stars play awesome game of whiffle ball for charity
When you see it. (Wimbledon edition)
Tour de France 2011 - Saur-Sojasun riders
FIFA Women’s World Cup 2011 - England
FIFA Women’s World Cup 2011 - Equatorial Guinea
FIFA Women's World Cup 2011 - Brasile
Veteran with one arm catches a foul ball.  Awesome.
In Cycling Race Across America (RAAM), Sleep Is Shunned. 2011 Winner pedaled ~400 miles/day to finish the 3000 mile coast to coast race in 8 days, 8hrs, 6 minutes - INSANE! (via NYTimes.com)
Wimbledon Final in Paper Form
Dolphins LB Crowder hints he sold jerseys in college 
Nadal hurt his left foot in Wimbledon, expected to play
MONTREAL POLICE PLAN TO MEET WITH CHARA FOR PACIORETTY PROBE
Mets haven't hit a grand slam in almost 3 years. Tonight, they've hit 2.
This might be the greatest sports thread ever.
Broad had Jayawardene caught behind for just six off an excellent leg-cutter. Tremlett dismissed Thirimanne for 38 when the opener edged a fine delivery that seamed away to Strauss at first slip -- That doesn't make any... Oh, it mentions it's cricket ONCE, buried in mid-text
Ray Rice and Cory Redding in Superman snuggies. That is all.
Euroleague Basketball Finish to Remember (with hilarious Spanish commentary)
Cardinals LB Darnell Dockett live tweets police bullying and correctly fights against police harassment...
Wily Mo Pena Spits A Loogie Into His Helmet, Hits Two-Run Walkoff
Who are the best sportswriters to study?
Ron Artest's interview on PTI about why he changed his name to Metta World Peace
.....wait, wtf?
Tigers move Coke to pen,
Andre Nickatina line or Detroit sports news?
BBC Sport - Wimbledon 2011: Maria Sharapova returns to Wimbledon final
Cavaliers trade J.J. Hickson to Kings for Casspi, 2012 first round pick
Reddit, who you would pick to be on this year's AL and NL All-Star team?
NBA will lock out its players tonight
Some Dodgers staff's checks bounced
Nike likes money... go figure
Lockout-No-More: With the internet's ability to rally people in like causes, it is time we put this to good use and fight back against pro teams who can't seem agree upon riches we have kindly given them, causing the loyal fans to suffer. Time to put the power back in our hands.
Novak Djokovic into final, is new No. 1
Looking for a portable net - saw one in a park, can't find it online
Ultramarathoners Running 10,000-Kilometer Silk Road Route to Raise Awareness About Water Shortages
Done With the Minors, Back to the Army for Duty in Iraq
No British Open for Tiger
Some Pet Owners Judge Jeter’s Name the Best in Show
Hour long interview with Willie Lyles
Proof that Encarnacion was safe in the bottom of the 9th with 2 outs with the Jays down by one.
A quick intro into one of Australia's biggest sporting events, with the final match hours away
Why would you ever want to go to an A's game? I'll tell you why. MC Hammer bobblehead night, July 17th.
Outside of the fans, retired NFL players getting the shortest end of the stick...
The Tour De France requires a lot of heart (literally)
Dayton Dragons on verge of consecutive sellout record
How can we reduce sports-related concussions?
As a fan do you feel robbed if you paid a fair amount of money to see a game that no longer matters?
Maybe The Decision wasn't so bad after all...
Stutz gets it right
Due to the lockout, the Dallas Mavericks won't be able to get their championship rings for a while.  The maker of Ring Pops saves the day.
Muhammed Ali's gift to Dirk after Final's performance
In case you didn't know, Janks Trotter could be the breakout star that Boxing so desperately needs
Texas Rangers Baseball Foundation Memorial Account in Honor of Shannon Stone
Gotta love Mark Reynolds
Yankees Face Dilemma on Alex Rodriguez Injury 
Swing speed, not elasticity is the benefit of corked bats. 
Say what you want about the Yankees but that's classy
Didn't know where to post this... 
I just watched Sportscenter...
Lessons in integrity with San Quentin State Prison's tennis program
Toe Wrestling
Went to watch a video recap of the USA win and witnessed the worst recap ever. 
TIL about Herb Washington:  0 career at bats, 31 career steals.
He enjoys giving red a little too much.
Tiger Woods to make special announcement on Monday. Fire up the speculation machine.
Man you have to love really really good sports columnist like Ray Rotto....
Mexico vs. Australia gridiron football highlights [vid]
Angelo Dundee's (Muhammad Ali's Trailer) First two fighters from New Orleans
Anyone else just see that guy rob a little kid of Gonzalez's home run ball?
Even Santa was getting his glove on.
Kevin Youkilis Puts Sign-Up Sheet For Threesome In Red Sox Dugout
 ‪Eton Fives Kinnaird Cup Final 2010‬‏
Mali free climb
This article makes me sad I fell asleep before the final round of the HR Derby.
Another guy almost falls over railing catching baseball
Everyone asks if you were that fan would you have given the ball to Jeter But the real question is
This is the only thing I don't mind from a Gawker site
Nick Prindell: An ex-Marine who lost his hands in Iraq
Great story from the New York Times about Baseball in Japan after the Tsunami
What is the greatest sporting event or sporting achievement you saw live?
Fielder powers NL to All Star victory.
Blindsided: The Jerry Joseph Basketball Scandal
How should I go about starting a sports-based podcast? (or something related to that)
Can someone who understands cycling please explain to me what's going on in this image?
Is the day after the baseball all star game the only day when there are no scheduled games in any of the 4 major north american sports?
The US to tackle Japan in the women's World Cup final
Which non-national sports team/club would unite the fans in your city, your state/province, region, heck maybe even your country?
What's the lowest score you have gotten in a round of golf?
Judge: Mistrial Likely in Clemens Case.
Judge declares mistrial in Clemens case
Racing just to keep up - Anti-doping researchers are looking for new ways to catch cheaters.
9 Aging Athletes Who Put You to Shame
Former University of Georgia football coach and ex-ESPN college football analyst Jim Donnan has been accused of making millions of dollars from a Ponzi scheme that also enriched his three children and their spouses
Cedric Benson Arrested for Assault...again. 
i present to you the most awesome name in all of EuroLeague Basketball
Did anyone see this guy fall in the pool at the All Star Game?! 
Wolak? More like Swolak!
Andrew McCutchen and Carlos Lee collide at first base
Last chance to see Australian Rugby League team captain Darren Lockyer in action before he retires at the end of the season
LSU put under gag order by NCAA
Malaysian football troll gets praise from Rooney...
Why don't they move the Ice Hockey World Championship later in the summer?
Armstrong’s Lawyers Allege Leaks in Investigation: The lawyers for Lance Armstrong have accused the government of publicly smearing Armstrong’s reputation during their continuing investigation of him and asked a federal judge to determine who is leaking confidential information to the news media.
McIlroy Not A Fan Of The Weather
ESPN, Poynter Review update on its Mike Leach saga...(7/18)
is there an internet show like sportscenter?
I miss Michael
Vikings Stadium Bill Was Incomplete, No Stadium Until New Special Session At Least
Manchester United beats the Seattle Sounders 7-0
Skip Bayless' more well-adjusted alter-ego.  What a swell guy!
Rockets Organization Writes Letters to Yao Ming - Class Act.
Is Dhani Jones the most interesting man in the world?
Re-Forming Union Is Among Issues Holding Up N.F.L. Deal - NYTimes.com
Most awesome new extreme sport: blob-jumping!! Oh, those Swiss! [video]
Frank Schleck breaks away to win 18th stage of Tour De France, draws to within 15 seconds of lead as Alberto Contador sees his chances fade.
Bears - Rams Hall of Fame game cancelled
Signature Sports Venues as Seen From Space
Revealing Diagrams of Athlete Brains - Extremely funny
If you're a Friday Night Lights fan, this small-town America football piece is a cool read.
The Bengals = Facepalm!
Reporter harasses a professional frisbee golfer.
How I felt when the NFLPA agreed to the CBA 
Best Pre-Race Invocation Ever; Boogity, Boogity, Boogity, Amen.
Attackers of Giants fan Bryan Stow cut off his tongue, 
gouged out an eye, and slit his nose ear and lip
NBA Star Lashes Out at Accuser -- 'Broke Ass Dwarf'
Help me name my deceased dad's baseball autographs?
The Drops Of Tiger Woods Out Of The World Top 20

Manny Pacquiao sings Sometimes When We Touch
Mike Brown is such a pig-headed owner.  Is he the worst owner in sports?
A timeline of work stoppages in major U.S. sports
Upcoming days of mayhem to be unlike any in NFL history
Hasselbeck Gone - Leinart and Tavaris Sign w/Seattle Instead
Tiger Woods new $55 mill pad
Shooting guards in the NBA today.  ESPN breaks it down.
Does anyone work in Sports Production? I have an interview to be a production intern at Madison Square Garden, and was told to study up on the Knicks, Rangers, Devils, and Islanders. Anyone know what sort of questions they might ask me?
SF Giants and Mets agree to deal that sends Carlos Beltran to Giants.
As minor leaguers, Wade Boggs and Cal Ripken Jr. once played against each other in the longest baseball game of all time, over the course of 3 different days.
Why were the Redskins only able to get 2 sixth round picks from the vikings for mcnabb?
Butch Davis fired as North Carolina football coach
Crazy handles of the week
Reggie Bush is expected to be a Miami Dolphin.
Teen Tours|Teen Travel Camps
Bears TE Greg Olsen traded to Carolina Panthers
George Plimpton kind of had my dream life: He pitched to Willie Mays at Yankee Stadium, played football with the Detroit Lions, hockey with the Boston Bruins, basketball with the Boston Celtics, photographed Playboy models and dated Rita Hayworth and Ava Gardner.
Am I the only one glad that Pastranathon is already over?
Sometimes the simplest things make me laugh the hardest.
Klinsmann Named Head Coach of U.S. MNT - U.S. Soccer
Kobe Meeting Tomorrow with Team from Turkey
More professional teams need to do this
Watch out Amaro Jr, looks like this guy knows how to make some headline news too
What if Hideki Irabu had Signed with the Padres? 
College Football Pick 'Em signups. Come play with fellow redditors.
Oh these guys are slackers.  They lose best o line guy and best receiver. 
I want to work at a baseball ballpark
The cash-strapped St. Louis Blues didn’t make any selections in the 1983 NHL Draft. The team didn’t even send a representative.
/r/cfb - your college football sub-reddit now with automated team icon flair. represent your school!
Cards catcher Yadier Molina bumps and spits in Umps face
I agree with the broadcaster, that catch was terrible
Sports Science's Breaks Down Plaxico Burress' Comeback
Marco Fabián Golazo vs. FC Barcelona
Strength
War Eagle! Roll Tide! Wait, What?
Pee-wee Herman at Dallas Cowboys Camp with Tony Romo, Jerry Jones (Pictures)
AMA with Jamie Mackenzie of the Canada national rugby team [crosspost]
/r/cfb internal pollsters revealed
Trayvon Robinson of the Mariners makes a ridiculous catch
Sanders humbled among football greats
Looking for a way to watch sports without a cable box
Put JoePa in a bubble
How important is it for a golfer to have a great 
caddie?
Like a hot knife through butter..
Double-Amputee Sprinter Oscar Pistorius Will Be First Amputee to Compete in the World Championships
More and more college coaches are banning the use of Twitter by their players
Something new to try in the mountains! [Video]
A completely biased and incorrect preview of the 2015 Pan Am Games!
I'm a Minnesota Vikings fan moving to Madison, WI for college... how am I going catch the games I want to see?
Just another reason to say Fuck Texas...
Shouldn't home team managers tip their cap or something when they get ejected and the crowd is going nuts, cheering like crazy, etc...?
From 1993-94 to 2002-03 either Robert Horry or Steve Kerr was on the NBA champion team. 
Los Angeles city council yesterday unanimously approved tentative plans by Anschutz Entertainment Group to build a new NFL-quality stadium in L.A.
2011 MLB Season Dominated By Pitchers, Hitters, Fielders
“Goodbye to Texas University, so long to the orange and the white”



Why is the Big 12 falling apart?
First time going to NFL training camp. What to expect?
Big Hit Australian Rugby League
Renegade UMiami football booster spells out illicit benefits to players: benefits to athletes included but were not limited to cash, prostitutes, entertainment in his multimillion-dollar homes and yacht, ...
Could the NCAA be nearing a end?
Automative News
Brandon Phillips steals two bases on one throw.
Does anyone know where I can find a video of Herman Edwards...
Who is Nevin Shapiro? - Investigations - Yahoo! Sports
/r/trackandfield for athletes etc to talk about the sport
College sports is out of control, and there’s no way the NCAA can police all of it. 
hey r/Sports, is it more fun/do you enjoy knowing all you can about just your favorite team or about the league as a whole
Real team chemistry 
We can handle the truth about our stars' past, and we simply don't care
Shapiro took scores of players out on his $1.6 million yacht. It didn’t cost nearly as much as the Orange Bowl spent in 2010 to provide 40 athletic directors and four conference commissioners (plus spouses) with a four-day Caribbean cruise.
Fight breaks out during Georgetown basketball exhibition in China - The Washington Post
Did Terry just tell Joe his voice was sexy?
DEION SANDERS: The Original Prime Time Performer
Death Penalty?
Fact Checking the Yahoo Sports Probe into the University of Miami
What are some principals to throwing a good spiral?
2 shot in SF parking lot after Raiders-49ers game 
Athletic Therapy News: Park Hotel becomes rehab clinic
Jered Weaver signs a 5 year, $85 mill extension with the Angels!
Pryor Selected by Raiders in NFL Supplemental Draft
Bobby Valentine Goes On A Seven Minute Rant Against Cubs Starlin Castro
Tim Hardaway makes up for comments, stands up for gay rights
Google is about  to get better for sports fans. 
Ben Revere of the Twins makes an incredible catch
Red Sox still winless in Texas after 4-0 loss
Joe Thomas a Brown for the rest of his career!
Looks like Choo is having a good day...
By The Numbers: MLB's Top 10 Practically Unbreakable Records
Cam Newton asked to not get any tattoos by Panthers owner Jerry Richardson
Introducing Reffit! Since there was such a great response from our referee thread, we now have a community. Come contribute to the discussion, or just boo!
Police execute search warrant at Jordan Jefferson's apartment
We lost a great baseball player and even better man tonight. RIP Mike Flanagan.
Former Cy Young winner Flanagan found dead
Nadal @ Letterman (bad quality)
Aaron Brooks, Backward Pass Fail
Florida Marlins day game draws only 347 fans
Hurricane Irene forces changes to MLB, tennis schedules - ESPN
Tony Plush on the ice.
Miami Hurricanes confirm players ineligible
BYU reinstates honor code violator Brandon Davies
Silva successfully defends title in rematch vs. Okami
Live updates for decathlon at World Championships in South Korea
Popularity and Pedigree Matter in the B.C.S.
Memories of Paris-Brest-Paris, 2007: the cycling equivalent of ... well, maybe there isn't an equivalent
Snake in a helmet: Ark. player startled by serpent - Yahoo! News
Eagles’ Vick comes full circle with $100M deal
Former NBA player in custody; arrested by the FBI for murder.
Ex-NBA player Crittenton arrested, accused of murder
Shockey comes to aid of choking teammate Hartsock
Brandon Jennings says Kobe Bryant shouldn’t play in the Drew League - Ball Don't Lie - NBA Blog - Yahoo! Sports
Tennis: the U.S. Open have already lost the winners of this year’s Grand Slam women tournaments after the first round
Gioia - Imbracaminte cu stil pentru copii
College Football: Texas A&amp;M Leaving Big 12
Yao asks Hall nomination be tabled until later year

It's shit like this, College Football.
An explanation of Venus Williams' autoimmune disorder (Sjogren's syndrome)
Bringing Money Ball to the real high stakes games.  Alternatively, ESPN covering non sports by mentioning sports. 
perfect faces
On The First Play In School History, Tennessee High School Goes All The Way [Video]
I'm all for being optimistic, but I thought this title was a little much: The Rise of Indiana Football
Club-by-club Premier League transfers and reaction
UM hoops player DeQuan Jones’ mom, former coaches deny allegations
Michael Vick contract: Why does the press overstate the value of NFL deals?
Unheralded Jenny Simpson Wins 1500 At World Championships
Football: It's a disease.
Frank McCourt offered 1.2 billion for the Dodgers by Bill Burke and Chinese investors who have yet to be identified.
Second Preview for the Fighters vs. Gamers web series debuting September 12th [video]
Surfing. Revolutionized? 
Eagles' Watkins looks like a rookie again
Magic Johnson defends friend, former Spartan teammate Jay Vincent in fraud scheme
Chinese investors looking into purchasing Dodgers
Indianapolis Colts hire Jim Tressel as replay-review consultant
A 61 year old is living his dream by becoming a placekicker for Faulkner University. 
What does Ohio State lose by vacating their 12 wins from the 2010 season?
Oklahoma debating conference options
The choice of hair style costs a long jumper the gold medal in Daegu 2011
Anyone that watched the UCLA vs Houston game; can you explain the personal foul call. 
Rafael Nadal felled by cramp after beating David Nalbandian at US Open
NASCAR Sprint Cup race in Atlanta postponed 
Rafael Nadal slips under desk after suffering cramp
Haiti serves up a victory for the people
Up Close And Personal With The Maryland Uniform...Under Armour Maryland's Uniforms Video | SportsGrid
Help me out r/sports:  Anyone know a way to stream or download football and baseball games overseas?
Tommy Rees to start at QB for Irish against Michigan
Stephen Strasburg tosses five scoreless innings against Dodgers in his first start back from Tommy John Surgery.
Jeff Gordon holds off teammate Johnson in Georgia
More than a Russian tale: It wasn’t supposed to be like this
Well, I guess there's no reason to play the remaining entire season. It's all settled. Who's ready for the NB ... oh ...
The Latest Evidence That Dwight Howard May In Fact Be The Funnest Athlete Alive
A Mississippi Coffeehouse Is Still Ribbing Auburn For That $180,000 Cam Newton Bribe
SPEED to broadcast Bathurst 1000
NFL 2011: Why we care about pro football's new kickoff rule.
Colt's owner, Jim Irsay, tweets that #18's out for awhile. Manning's season is quickly being put in doubt.
Manning’s Season in Doubt After Second Neck Operation
Nyjer Morgan might need to get someone to proof read his tweets before they get on SportsCenter
More surgery for Manning - season in doubt 
LiveZilla
Slideshow: The most terrifying sportsmen
Does anybody know how the sport channels find a 
replay with the same scene only in a matter of 
minutes?
What is your favorite signature sports move? (IE Dirk leg kick fadeaway)
The top four seeded players in the world all make it to the semi finals of the US Open!
Does anybody know why Randall Simon hit that sausage with his bat back in 2003?
The Big 12 appears too fractured to survive - UT independence fraught with peril
I'm not a Nascar fan, but I found this video pretty interesting. It's about the changes in safety due to certain crashes.
Faulkner kicker Alan Moore, 61,  becomes oldest college player
For Those who haven't seen it. (Jim Rome on Baylor)
Pak vs Ind Highlights Online Final Hockey
We don't need no meow
Michael Cuddyer's homers saved teammate Brad Thomas's life on 9/11/o1
John Thompson, Bruce Boudreau share harrowing Sept. 11 memories
r/sports is brought to you by Dodge. Grab life by the horns. *CGI ROBOT RUNS ACROSS THE BOTTOM OF THE SCREEN*
I know I am
Since I work Sundays during games...I can't wait to watch the rest of these every Monday...
What is a good comeback for the 'amount of championships' argument?
Chargers' Kaeding Gone for 2011
David Walliams swim in river Thames makes a million for charity
Manny Ramirez arrested in Florida
Jaws drops a Shit on the air...
Joe Theismann punted once in his Redskins career...for one yard.
A proper recap of the 2011 U.S. Open
Brilliant Djokovic makes it a treble as he beats Nadal in memorable US Open final
All blacks name starting 15 for World Cup match against Japan - McCaw to play 100th test
Michael Landsberg on Wade Belak's Suicide: A Must Read (X-post from r/toronto)
Go to 10:30 and watch one of the most exciting games of tennis ever. Djokovic vs Nadal, 3rd game of 2nd set of US Open Championship
Real or Enhanced? Shaking Down Week 1’s Top Fantasy Performers
Scrotum injury the real reason why Tom Boonen pulled out of the cycling World Championships?  He just pulled out with a 'hand injury' but this is a bit more likely...!
IAMA Minor league player doing an AMA over in r/IAMA if anyone here is interested
Rugby World Cup Flickr stream with hi-res pics
Is Direct TV good for watching soccer and formula1 racing?
Players Poll: Baseball's Meanest Player
Milos Krasic Not Planning A Move From Turin  
Derek Fisher Reveals Rift Between Owners  
Polamalu fined for horse collar tackle.
The Idea Of Paying College Athletes Is Having Its Moment
Agree or Disagree? NFL new policy of enhanced 
pat-down procedures, the NFL wants all 32 clubs to 
search fans from the ankles to the knees as well as 
the waist up. [USA Today Poll]
US Open tennis torrent sites?
Yohan Blake sizzles to claim the second fastest time in history in the 200m to overshadow Usain Bolt again
Any UK redditors in the US use Primetimelive to watch live sports online? Why won't HBO take my money?
How Not To Play Baseball And Still Set Milestones: Cubs Beat Astros 2-1 - Bleed Cubbie Blue
discuss future of Big 12 Conference - ESPN
Lexi Thompson, a 16-year-old golfing phenom, won the Navistar LPGA Classic in Prattville, Ala., on Sunday to become the youngest winner in the history of the tour.
Team Sets Coach Straight on Winning
Monday Night Football Preview: New York Giants vs. St. Louis Rams
Emmitt Smith: Wordsmith
Rivera gets record 602nd save 
VTT Luberon

Grantland: Top 5 Reasons the Hornets Starter Jacket Is #1
One of the most significant changes on the PGA Tour since the downfall of Tiger Woods has been a return to total parity among the players, according to Tour commissioner Tim Finchem.
An Enforcer's Life is a Daily Battle -Brett Severyn
Mayweather and Ortiz talk about their fight, and the controversial knockout
The Mets Are Finally Going To Move The Fences In At Citi Field
'Floyd Mayweather Jr bout will happen next year, says Amir Khan'
Do a barrel roll!
Cagestoker Blog: UFC: A TUF-14 Last Man Standing (Prediction) - Dennis The Menace Bermudez
Streetball Legend 'Bone Collector' Schools Interviewer in a Game of 1-on-1
Manny Ramirez Arrested For Bashing Wife’s Head [Cuff 'Em] | Busted Coverage
New York Yankees Clinch AL East Now Look for Sweep
England Rugby team under fire for celebrating victory over Argentina with an old fashioned 'dwarf throwing contest.'
NBA to Cancel Training Camps 
MLB now targeting consumption of energy drinks in clubhouses.  The shameful 'RedBull era' may finally be at an end.
Rugby Player Mike Tindall Caught With Face In Chest Of A Woman At A Dwarf-Throwing Competition | The Big Lead
Fixing Your Typo FAIL - Epic Fail Funny Videos and Funny Pictures
Washington Nationals Rookies Dressed As Gay Smurf Fluffers [PHOTOS] | Busted Coverage
Emotional Mike Modano retires from NHL after 21 seasons
This is what happens when skydivers write for a magazine. 
BBC Sport - Swansea 3-0 West Brom
Braun's 3-run shot on the way to NL Central title. 
Bama Favored by only Four Points this week at Florida
Hey /r/Sports, I'm doing a little project for class. Any input?
Ryder Cup captains Davis Love III and Jose Maria Olazabal tee off from Trump Skyscraper
Former U.S. Olympic team coach, Don Peters, accused of sexual relationships with multiple former athletes
HS player grabs 28 catches...in one game.
Stadium Porn of the Week: Allianz Arena, home of Bayern Munich
Chicago White Sox grant Ozzie Guillen's request to be released - ESPN Chicago
Most apathetic commentator ever?
The Real Steve Bartman Story
N.H.L. Will Not Discipline Flyers Player Over Alleged Homophobic Slur 
ARSENE WENGER'S ALL-CLEAR
Syracuse Leaves Big East For Woman Named 'Misti' - Onion 
Fister or Scherzer?  Numbers don't lie, and Verlander and Fister could get Detroit to the World Series.
Art Howe 'disgusted' by his portrayal in 'Moneyball', points out inaccuracies 
NHL's Wayne Simmonds now denies making anti-gay slur
Evan Longoria homers in 12th as Rays storm into postseason
Rays to get shafted for prime time games - with the Yankees in the playoffs, odds are NY will get all the evening games
Dear Red Sox fans. Everything that was old is new again. Sincerely, an empathetic Mets fan. 
Save the NBA Stars Hotline
Is there anywhere to watch a replay of the Rays/Yankees game from last night?
Booktoots' Hockey: Kudos to Brendan Shanahan
The Bull - New Derek Rose commercial for his Adidas adiZero Rose 2
I'm going to the Bears Panthers game this Sunday and want to make a sign. Was thinking NO YOU CAM'T! Got anything better?
Dan Johnson’s pivotal home run nails fan in the junk
Any other android users here think the market needs a new front page app?
Chicago Bulls' Derrick Rose -- Lockout unnecessary, could go overseas 
If you score to many TDs, this Pop Warner league will kick you out
Apparently Aaron Curry has silently become one of the biggest busts in the NFL.
Ask Professional Wrestler Mick Foley aka Mankind aka Cactus Jack anything!
Big night for the Tampa Bay area - both games are sold out. The Rays vs the Rangers in Game 3, then the Bucs vs the Colts on MNF 
Wilfork Island
Looking for a Blue Ray/DVD of the Mavs Championship Game. 
Because of advances in tennis string technology, today's pros hit with spin almost no one could produce even a few years ago
Video: Look ma! Andrew Luck brings down a tightrope catch with one hand - Dr. Saturday - NCAAF Blog - Yahoo! Sports
Girl Kicks Winning Field Goal After Being Named Homecoming Queen...
Long Jump Champ J.J. Jegede Jumps Over Three Mini Coopers 
Nate Robinson wants to play football during the NBA lockout
Mark Scheifele signed at entry level by the Winnipeg Jets 
Whenever I need a good laugh, Romo does not disappoint.  
Pinckney High's winning field goal last week was kicked by its homecoming queen.
Play of the Year - Reggie Wayne Pileup
Florida DE Dominique Easley wanted for post game assault on former Bama player
ESPN pulls 'Monday Night Football' intro song after Hank Williams Jr.'s offensive Obama comments

Luis Suarez throws a fit (not really news)
Stern's probably going to do what he's always done: push and shove.
Bosnian soccer fans chase visiting team off the field after they score.
Statistically speaking: HS Kicker hits incredible 64-yard field goal
Phillies top Cardinals in dramatic fashion with a 3-2 win, extending lead in NLDS 2-1.
Missouri to explore leaving the Big 12.  SEC possible destination. 
Combination logo: Twins/Vikings/Wild/Timberwolves
The NFL Player's Existential Dilemma
Bryan Cranston to be on SVP show at 2:45 ET!!!
Why did no one help him up?? Kid gets jacked up at Hockey game
Serious Question: Could there be another baseball/football athlete?
An apology to AJ Burnett (le sigh...)
BBC Sport - Swanson and McManus called into Scotland squad
BBC Sport - India squad for first two England ODIs omits Harbhajan
ESPN, you sneaky bastards
Is there a live stream online where I can watch the DETROIT Tigers vs. the NY Yankees for free?
Why do so many people hate A-Rod?
LaMichael James L elbow injury. Warning: NSFL!!!
Why does everyone get so upset when we refer to our teams as we?
Elliot Saltman wins bodyweight in ham for hole in one at Madrid Masters
To get an NBA fix, I was watching YouTube highlights and came across this: The elusive airball dunk...
Not from the onion...
GIF Request - 'Hog Wild'
Why the NBA lockout is not so great.
Marathoner fires his coach and decides to let God be his coach. He reasoned that even if his running got worse he would gain something because he would be closer to God.
The pitching duel between Roy Halladay and Chris Carpenter may not have been a World Series game, but it's going to remembered as one of the great pitching matchups we've seen.
Tonight seems like a good night to ask; how do you all feel about a 5-game wild card series?
Start saying good bye to the NBA season (see comments)
Predicting boom and bust players for the 2011-2012 NHL season
They call him the Honey Badger, had to be posted on Reddit.
U.S sports fans, help an Aussie out here.  I don't get the appeal of NASCAR.
Texas A&amp;M; Aggies buses vandalized with manure, Texas Tech Red Raiders logos 
Murray batters Nadal 6-0 in final set to lift Japan Open crown
Dwayne Bowe making a dirty catch
NFL fans, what are your thoughts on rooting for high draft picks (i.e. rooting for your team to lose)?
Weighty Challenge: A Lineman's Life After Football : NPR
The Onion's Greatest sports books
Al Davis and the Media's Poison Jobs
David Stern announces first 2 weeks of NBA season cancelled
NBA cancels first two weeks of season

And not a single f**k was given... [xpost from /r/NBA]
BBC Sport - Blackburn Rovers assistant manager John Jensen to leave
NBA lockout: David Stern cancels first two weeks of regular season
Dolphins roll out red carpet for Tebow on 'Gator Day'
  Three months ago, when many expected Tim Tebow to be the Broncos' starting quarterback job before Kyle Orton's play in training camp dictated otherwise, the business side of the Dolphins' organization had an idea.
Hope you like Hockey
“The sausages don’t talk.  It’s one of the basic rules of racing meat.” 
Arizona has been awarded 2015 Super Bowl.
State Of Imitation (Aaron Rodgers) 
part of the reason why the NFL players rolled over so easily is because they, for the most part, remain faceless and nameless
2011 NFL Power Rankings: Week 6
The Packers are still rolling, which means there's still little suspense when it comes to the top of our rankings. Aaron Rodgers and Co. keep putting up impressive victories, and our experts
Hey Kyle Orton...Sincerely Denver and Tim Tebow
Owners vote Arizona as Super Bowl host for third time

NFL owners have awarded the 2015 Super Bowl to the Phoenix area.
Tigers/Rangers Live Stream
That guy who got hit by Hamilton's bat...
The reason Clemson's Tjah Boyd gives for not wearing hip pads is absolutely moronic. What a tool.
The Ultimate Underdog Story: A 1992 high school basketball game in Alabama that defied belief. (Skip to 57:50)
Epstein accepts five-year deal from Cubs
Vote Tiger and Friends...I vote for Rachel Uchitel
What a BEAST!
Best celebration in sports ever? The fight starts around 15 seconds.
Milton Bradley threatened to kill his wife. That man is nothing but Trouble.
Fantastic interview with Al Michaels and his experiences
r/Sports, I'm looking for a particular picture for a good friend of mine. I'm hoping you can help me find what I'm looking for. (description inside)
Chip Kelly has big balls, According to College Gameday sign (South Park shout out)
Ernie Johnson Jr. is one of the best in the business and a class act
Here's a new weekly NFL Draft Podcast, We don't know everything, neither do you. How convenient.
China's Golf Marathon Crowns Champ After 2,175 Miles 
Autopsy: New York Football Player Ridge Barden Dies of On-field Brain Injury  
Professional race car driver deaths
Why didn't the clock stop after Brandon Marshall ran out of bounds?
Pure Michigan Spoof: Detroit Lions
Ponder to start Sunday against the Packers
Did they explain Mccoys punch to the gut of Andy Reid ?
The Fresh Prince is going back to Philly
For Walter Pandiani, only the Flyest Whip will do
If you slap an NFL player from behind, I guess better that he be Devin Hester than, say, Ndamukong Suh. But still, dumb move. 
Would you be interested in a website that linked to local writers for each team in every sport?
Man has a vault in his Florida home, dedicated to protecting his world record collection of autographed baseballs.
Looking for an Android app to manage a youth soccer team shifts.
Study reins in racehorse jet lag neigh-sayers 
Want to ride a Football? Try Ostrich Racing
Bryant Gumbel evokes slavery: David Stern like 'plantation overseer' - I actually agree Stern's comments are very one sided
Trent Richardson is a bad, bad, man.
Free Day at the Fantasy Factory W/ Rob Dyrdek!!!
Dirk Nowitzki denied throwing out first pitch at World Series games in Arlington.
NFL Commish botches the call on coaches, says there aren’t consequences for coaches when they misbehave. That’s reserved solely for the players.
UAF Nanook Hockey Opening. 
Tampa Bay Buccaneers Cheerleaders at Busch Gardens' Howl-O-Scream 2011
Choctaw stickball: A fierce, ancient game deep in Mississippi  -- The sport is violent, with few rules, and defiantly true to its Native American roots. And each summer, a tournament is held to decide the champion of the game known in Choctaw as tolih
Got a video idea and was hoping reddit could help.
TIL St. Louis Cards pitcher Arthur Rhodes will win a World Series ring even if Texas beats St. Louis
$1.3B Sports Complex Proposed in Henderson, NV
LSU uniforms for matchup this weekend against Auburn. What do you think?
Was I the only person who'd never heard of Whirlyball?
Hey r/sports! The SF 49ers are 5-1! Come join our community at r/49ers!
Manute Bol and Spud Webb, teammates on the Washington Bullets basketball team
Awesome outfield design at Busch Stadium in St. Louis.
Why won't he just go away!
Pro Pitchers' Dirty Secret Rubbed On Every Ball : NPR
Pro Pitchers' Dirty Secret Rubbed On Every Ball
Who was the narrator for the 30 for 30 episode Charismatic? 
Brought to you by the letter M and the number 12
There's hope for your knees yet!
No NBA, No Big Deal
Another fun Red Bull event.
Where does the seven-game series come from?
Super Mario becomes City's Ambassador for fireworks safety
Major League Baseball claims Frank McCourt took $190 million from Los Angeles Dodgers
Nice Setup Tips For Golf Swing!
Saint's TE Jimmy Graham's incredible story....
Should North American leagues have a system of promotion and relegation like how they do in Europe? 

Game 6 postponed. 
Stephen A. Smith ripping JaMarcus Russel a new one
Tattoo parlor owner tied to OSU gets three years in jail for drug trafficking 
NMATV has a go at Mario Balotelli
Why NBA players shoot labor bricks
Humorous Preview of This Week's College Football Action 
Want UFL Football in the Spring? Take this survey! The Virginia Destroyers can use your support (X-Post from /r/Norfolk)
Is there a better intro package to any sporting event than this one?
4' 9 135 lb. walk-on at Rice Football Team.  
Calling all bowlers of Reddit
NYT Calls the Series for the Rangers
What a night for sports!!
Viacom (which owns CBS network) has purchased mixed martial arts promotion Bellator.  Do you think they'll be able to give UFC a run for their money?
2 year old AJ loves wrestling, so much that at before a show he made his entrance 
This Is how Texas fans feel right now...
West Virginia Mountaineers formally invited to join Big 12
The REAL reason the baseball gods gave us Game 7
Congratulations to the only guy in the world to bet $500 on the St. Louis Cardinals to win $375,000.
Cardinals win the World Series
Common Injuries Encountered When Learning How to Jump Higher Part II - Patellar Tendonitis Treatment
Brian Kelly - Classy 
Bangladesh vs West Indies 2nd test day 3 live streaming 2011
Chillopedia &amp;#8211; Pakistan Wins Hong Kong Super Sixes Tournament 2011
Sheedography: A Look Back - Rasheed Wallace's Career
McCourt is Almost Out! 
You score first, they answer, you get the ball back 10 minutes into the first half, look up across the field, and all of a sudden Kevin Durant is staring back at you playing free safety for the other side.
Occupy Herbstreit
7 B.S. Sports Stories for When the Media has Nothing to Say (pretty decent summary of things I hate about ESPN, coincidentally)
California QB, a son of former NFL star, found dead at 18
Kevin Durant dominates an Oklahoma State intramural football game
ESPN Films: Unguarded - airs on (11/1) at 8PM on ESPN
Who is the Greatest Running Back in Cornhusker History?
Surfer's take on Britain's biggest wave
Players banned from Iranian league for butt grab celebrations
Could collars save more lives than helmets?
Anyone else enjoying the trolling on ESPN.com right now?
Report: Big East to invite Boise State
Please watch the final seconds of this highlight video... RAI HITLER!
Teflon Craftsman Sears Workwear &amp;amp; Jeff Gordon &amp;amp; a Trip to NASCAR 2012 Giveaway — MomStart
Busted! | Dublin Marathon 2011, break 4 or bust!
Mohammad Amir is sorry for what he has done and wonders whether cricket will want him again
2011-12 Horizon League Men's Basketball Preview
Valentino Rossi to wear a special helmet dedicated to Simoncelli
Colts QB Manning still waiting for neck to heal properly
Andy Johnson screamer
Big 12 College Football Preview
Have the Angels actually done better since becoming the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim?
Justin Verlander wins MLB player of the year, AL 
pitcher of the year, and will be featured on the 
cover of 'MLB 2K12'
What's the best example of a player playing injured you can think of?
Turkish Tennis Player messing with his German opponent
You thought the Texans fan with the Super Bowl tattoo was dumb? He's a genius compared to this guy...
Several Browns players held intervention with Peyton Hillis about his attitude.
TIL there's a player for Alabama who's first name is Ha Ha
Anything can be a competition, but I don't know know if this should be a sport!!!
Kenya’s Geoffrey Mutai Is The Big Winner Of New York City Marathon
What's the best way to approach an athlete or coach profile?
Is complaining about the refereeing of a game the sporting equivalent of Godwin's Law?
Missouri a Big Winner in Conference Realignment...Eventually - Forbes
Extreme Mud Run Video
Crazy Texas football game ends with 94-66 score
LA Galaxy beat Salt Lake to reach the MLS Cup final vs Houston in LA. Final already sold out.
There was this streaker at an ASU game awhile back. Love his disapproving look.
For all Stanford fans!
GSP trainer 
Vote for Estaban Hernandez please, it will only take a second 
Did anyone else hear Chris Berman make a Bob Dylan reference during the Fastest 3 Minutes on MNF? Commenting on the Pats-Giants game, ...Ballard of a Thin Man
In Honor of Joe Frazier, Watch the Fight of the Century
A really cool hype article for the upcoming college basketball season. [ESPN]
Ali V Frazier I. Part 1 of 4
 Joe Frazier's life - in pictures | Sport | guardian.co.uk 
I sat in box seats for the first time this weekend, this how well it went.
Drew Brees has thrown for a touchdown in 36 straight games, 11 games to go to tie Johnny Unitas's record. This leads me to wonder- are there any player rating system for sports that rate players as how above average for their time they were?
Tony Rizzo GOES OFF about the Cleveland Browns
Joe Paterno, Penn State football coach, at center of an unholy mess 
Sonny Vaccaro speaks to UC Berkeley students about the NCAA and commercialization of student-athletes
Marathon man Fauja Singh (100 years old) - Who said Indians don't do good in athletics?
Truth be told.
The Cost of Beer in Every NFL Stadium
fiduciary issue - definition of fiduciary issue by the Free Online Dictionary, Thesaurus and Encyclopedia.
Free Range: Football U.
powerful video of Matt Millen reflecting on playing under Jerry Sandusky and opinion of where the Penn State program should go next
Roll Tide / War Eagle Impressions?
Joe Paterno officially to retire at end of season.
Joe Paterno announces this will be his last year as head coach
Joe Paterno to retire at season End
In a remarkable scene, Joe Paterno, in tears, addressed a mass of an estimated 750 students out of his living room window tonight

Joe Paterno Retires: It is one of the great sorrows of my life. [x-post from r/news]
Great Ali-Frazier article by Bill Simmons
The Book Bench: Jerry West's Dream Game 
Nebraska vs Northwestern Highlights and Big Ten Power Rankings
Penn State trustees fire Paterno, president Spanier amid scandal.

Joe Paterno Fired as Penn State head coach
Carefree Jerry Sandusky Touching Young Boys In This Not-At-All Creepy Tackling Instructional Video
Relevant?
Nationals catcher Wilson Ramos kidnapped in Venezuela
News Van Flipped Over and Destroyed by Penn State Rioters (PIC)
National's catcher Wilson Ramos kidnapped at gunpoint in Venezuela
My school needs to work on some of its athletic traditions.
Drug testing in the NFL has become a little strange, slightly annoying and absolutely essential... 
A Different Perspective On The Paterno Issue
The Penn State rabbit hole gets deeper every day... How deep you think this thing gets, Alice? 
Another twist to the Penn State sex scandal
Sandusky would creep State College looking to pick up kids
Team Durant v. Team LeBron: FLAG FOOTBALL. COMING SOON!!!! Go KD!!!
Gay Soccer Player Comes Out of Closet
Maryland Sandusky = Good. Pennsylvania Sandusky = Bad.
Tiger Woods in the lead after shooting -5 through 9 holes (-9 overall) in the second round of the Australian Open
Some basic rules regarding appropriate adult behavior that we can probably all agree on
lawyer of the alleged victims in the Penn State scandal says the Board of Trustees should NOT have fired Joe Paterno
Every time I see Mike McQueary... and how it should have gone down. (X-post /cfb)
Fight Path: As Reagan Penn awaits
Tar heels will face the Spartans aboard the USS Carl Vinson Supercarrier tonight
On this day 72 years ago, a 0-0 tie resulted in 11 NCAAFB records. 
Watch an aircraft carrier turn into a gym for a college basketball game.
NFL fans toss red flag at blackouts  crosspost from r/politics
St. : Once a Saint and Now a Mere Human Being: What I Would Like to See at . | Liberation from the Lie
Shaolin Kung Fu, Chinese Secret Societies (1664-1912) and Dragon Year 2012
WTF is going on with the pylons in Starkville?
I'm not watching Rocky with you. (cartoon)
Hi r/sports, I'm trying to make a sports/athletics related startup, if you're a current or former high school athlete, please help me out and take this 30 seconds survey.
Pacquiao wins by majority decision over Marquez
1903 World Series program sells for $241,500
Somebody give this man the heimlich!
There are no words. In English, anyways. Cardinals-Eagles highlights in exuberant Spanish.
Surfing a 90-ft wave
Jimmy Church broke the YouTube story re: Sandusky's 15 years of terrorizing children at Penn State
Al Harrington in the Movember Lockout Burger Challenge [video]
another one for the highlight reel
Colorado Avalanche name Milan Hejduk captain
Mike Matheny is the new St. Louis Cardinals manager 
Q&amp;A: MLS' Don Garber is 'pleased … but not satisfied'
I'm not a Vikings fan, but I'll bet the Packers fans really love these ESPN commentators
The Pigskin
Full Jerry Sandusky interview
BBC Sport - David Ginola 'incensed' over Gerard Houllier remarks
I've never had a diagnosed tennis elbow so I don't 
know what it feels like, but is it possible to get it 
from swimming?
Is the NBA season done? | Washington Post
England comfortably beat Sweden even when making 8 changes to the starting line up!
Etan Thomas tries to compare the plight of NBA players to the OWS.  
The ONLY thing an Oriole fan can look forward to...
South American soccer announcer tests Thoracic Diaphragm - GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLL
Germany ruins the Netherlands - nice goal too
Matt Harrison of the Texas Rangers
Sports Memorabilia
Attempted to contact admins - How do I get my sports subreddit (/r/hurling) added to the sidebar?
Really interesting info-graphic chronicling Coach K's 903 wins
Wait, Didn’t Coach K Break The All-Time Wins Record Last Season?
Marriage Proposal With Magic Johnson By His Side.
An open letter to Mike McQueary - On the plight of a the whistleblower
If it's in the game, it's in the game (courtesy VikeFan86 of IGN College Football Board)
Dale Sveum accepts offer to Coach the Chicago Cubs.
Bodybuilding Routines &amp; Training articles
 Michael Jordan himself notes that the whole meaning of vertical leap began with David Thompson. The ultimate accolade may have come in 2009 when Michael Jordan, the game's greatest player, chose David to introduce him at his Basketball Hall of Fame induction. 
One of the cooler CFB weekly previews. This guy is funny and he seems to know his ish. Beats are tight as well!!
My friends hate watching football with me. I couldn’t be happier.
Regis Philbin Best Sports Moments
Business Vs. Personal (how we got to the NBA lockout)
Any tennis fans out there? Here's a great ad for the Stockholm Open
Any FCS fans here?  Its rivalry week (and we have a playoff)
One of my city's high school football team just lost 76-70 in four overtimes.
What the hell is going on around here?
Carl: The gingerhead man, as I just coined him . . . Carl's (ATHF) Lock of the Week.
That was quick
Audio of what is perhaps the late Larry Munson's most famous call, the conclusion of the 1984 Clemson-Georgia game. (x-post from r/cfb)
Sea Games 2011
Kauto Star and the Betfair Chase: One of the greatest races I’ve ever witnessed
Children playgrounds are common but have you every heard of a playground for senior citizens? Check it out! 
I've just created a Euroleague Basketball subreddit. Come and check it out! (specially since NBA looks clos to lockout)
Granada's game with Mallorca was abandoned when a linesman was hit by an umbrella at Los Carmenes.
The craziest sports commentators I've ever seen
Loud music may have led to Seattle Mariner Greg Halman's stabbing death in Holland.
The Style and Performance of Woolrich’s Very best Jackets | Sheamusfan.org
Barclays ATP World Tour Finals 2011
Jo-Wilfried Tsonga vs Mardy Fish
Date: Tuesday, 22nd November, 2011
Time: 14:00 GMT
Live from O2 Arena, London, England
http://rokingtainment.blogspot.com/2011/11/tsonga-vs-fish-live-barclays-atp-world.html
Nominees to contest from Sony Ericsson - extreme 
acrobatic
Hey r/sports! I am not here often but I need your advice. I am going to be at the ESPN college game day this weekend in Auburn, AL. What should my sign say? I want to give a shout out to Auburn University and the University of Washington.
Breaking Down MLB's New Labor Deal
Hawaii football faces point shaving allegations. 
Our agreement is that the union will allow us to expand the playoffs in 2012.  MLB to Expand Playoffs to include a 1-game play-in between 1 AL Team and 1 NL Team.
Michigan vs OSU a history of the rivalry (Crosspost from r/CFB)
Football coaching videos
Damning England World Cup reports leaked to The Times
Grey Cup Game Online
Univ of Tulsa's mascot has a hilariously in depth backstory
Does this teaser win guys?
You vs. Blogging The Suburbs: The Iron Bowl on OtherScreen
Game Preview – Kings vs Blackhawks « L.A. Kings Hockey  for Women
NBA Reaches Deal That Will Make Team Owners Much Wealthier - Forbes
There's no such thing as excuses. 
Meanwhile in New Zealand...
The SEC works fine as it is.  Is adding A&amp;M really worth this?
Kings lose to the Hawks 2-1 – Fans out of Patience « L.A. Kings Hockey  for Women
Fishing Rods for fishing
There must have been a better photo they could have used...
What Andre Villas-Boas thinks of this weekend in the Premier League
Syracuse University fires basketball coach accused of molesting boys
Apparently...
Old men brawl over a dispute about a controversial hit in football that happened 50 years ago
Wife of alleged child molestor, Bernie Fine, had an alleged sexual relationship with one of the victims
Brian Elliott has some of the best #s in the NHL after nearly not making the Blues out of camp.
Jerome Simpson Nominated for a Primetime Emmy
NHL suspends Montreal's Pacioretty for 3 games
Sports videos
LOVE DRIVES LOWNDES
We didn't know what to do with it
Tyler Palko - x/post form r/KansasCity
Texans Sign Jake Delhomme
Animated news story on of the firing of Bernie Fine. 
Concussions don't just affect the guys you see on TV
College Players Move Concussions Into The Courtroom
Photographer Quits Job for Quest to Become Golfer - Bloomberg
Chester McGlockton, Former Raiders Star, Dies Of Apparent Heart Attack At 42
It was a rite of passage for some to be with Bernie's wife
THE SUN, THE SAND AND THE ADRENALIN
Breakable Browns can't afford mistakes
/r/sports favorite talking heads (if any?)
Hoosier fans are starting to feel right again
Long Article about Bill Russell
Taylor Mays Big Hit
Wales 18 Australia 24: Defeat for Williams but legend makes scoring end to brilliant career
SEC investigation into Marlins Stadium could mean trouble for Rays' stadium plans
Who wins, UConn Woman's Basketball during their 76 game winning streak or a D II or III Men's team?
James-less Cavs face first true attendance test
Bernie Fine's Wife Laurie a RIGHT OF PASSAGE to some Syracuse Students? Other Great Sports Stories of the week in SAMs Podcast
Strangest play I've ever seen during a kick-off.
Private schools defining Colorado prep sports' shift in power - Part one of a series examining the changing relationship between public and private school sports
Can you name the QB taken just before Tom Brady in the 2000 NFL draft?  
Manny wants to be Manny again
Red Bull Racing creates a world record by taking a F1 car to the highest motorable road in the world.
Two (more) men come forward to accuse, now deceased, former Red Sox clubhouse manager, Donald Fitzpatrick, of sexual abuse during the 1990s.
ESPN anchor Matthew Barnaby busted for DWI/doing three wheel motion in Porsche Cayenne. 
BCS CHART: How The Polls Voted For Oklahoma State And Alabama
So this is a video Showtime is making that documents the Big Game for my school. Go Navy! Beat Army!
Please let this become a thing done in celebration among all sports
Southern Miss Lost Nearly $1 Million By Beating Houston
Punched Out: The Life and Death of a Hockey Enforcer
Monday football as it happened
Carlos Vela's bicycle kick goal helps Real Sociedad stun Malaga [video]
A Fan's Take: The Atlanta Hawks
Boise State among 5 schools heading to the Big East Conference
Marlins demanding answer on offer from Pujols tonight.
Hysterical, ridiculous radio exchange between hockey writer Ryan Lambert and John Steigerwald about the latter's accusation that Ovechkin has used steroids
This is my vote for 2nd Best Dunk of All Time
One-Armed MMA Fighter - Take a wild guess who wins... 
The Greatest Paper That Ever Died
Redskin's Fred Davis and Trent Williams Suspended Four Games 
Michael MacCambridge revisits Johnette Howard's classic The Making of a Goon from the National - Grantland
John Lennon and Monday Night Football
Floyd Mayweather calls out Manny Pac for a May 5th fight.  Finally does it, wonder if it will finally happen. 
St. Louis Cardinals' Albert Pujols will join Los Angeles Angels - ESPN Los Angeles
United States Flag &amp; Touch Football League.  Thank God.
Only in Texas 
Caron Butler headed to the Clippers
The world’s best soccer show, straight from . . . Winnipeg?
How anyone associated with the Angels feels after today
Cutty Come Back
Prosecutors recommend 15 months in prison for Barry Bonds
Documentary on sports broadcasting from 1975 called SECONDS TO PLAY.
Things heat up between K State and UofA fans.
So, what's up L.A. Kings? Anything new? We have a few changes to mention today: (no, Murray is still the coach)
I see what you did there, Marshall Faulk. 
Championship Curling On-Demand : Canada Cup of Curling: Women's Final - Team Carey vs. Team Jones : 1st End
Which team would you absolutely hate to see win a championship?
“I think the city of St. Louis is going to continue to love me” — Albert Pujols; AUDIO FILE: Angels Press Conference
Who would have thought Xavier x Cincinnati would have more fights than Real x Barca
Legends Only competition in Klättercentret in Stockholm. 
I thought the NBA games didn't start until Xmas.
Incredible catch by Montana St...Video
Obama, at Army-Navy football game, praises troops
bye Kourtney !!!
Cesc Fàbregas scores in El Clásico as Barcelona beat Real Madrid
Xtreme Cinematography
Game-ending brawl between rivals Xavier, Cincinnati as ugly as it gets

Mario Balotelli What a nice guy
How much of an impact do you believe steroids or other PEDs actually have on a players game?
Past his prime Anelka snubs America and goes to China for 14 million a year 
How devastating is Braun's steroid use for baseball?
How does this guy have a job as a journalist? He can't even spell...
Marshawn Lynch is fast... stupid fast.
Looking to graduate from armchair quarterback? This is the job for you. 
Cubs &lt;/3
When did Neo leave the Matrix to play football???
Bill Romanowski Remains A Terrifying Human Being
Congrats on your win, Indiana.
My buddy snapped his arm in HALF while skateboarding and the video has become an internet sensation and has even been featured on MTV !
In the Broncos' 7-1 stretch, they have now outscored their opponents by a total of 2 points after Prater's game winning field goal.  That almost has to be unprecedented.
Los Angeles Clippers, Los Angeles Lakers remain in talks for Chris Paul - ESPN Los Angeles
On top of all the injuries to the Texans, Wade Phillips will be added to the list. 
The Journey of Scottie Reynolds
NFL's Concussion Policies Come Under Fire Again After Latest Big Hit
Barry Bonds to be sentenced tomorrow
Sandusky defense: He was teaching the boys hygiene. 
Chris Pronger out for season and playoffs with severe post concussion syndrome
Injured Packers safety Collins hoping to return 
Does anyone know what's going on with Jeff Green (Celtics)?
Kobe on the Laker's directon: I'm telling you, I don't know. I'm not going to BS you. I don't know.
No jail for Bonds
A non Man Utd fan
Arsenal Dream Team ratings. What Do you Reccon Guys ;)
50 years of star athletes from behind the lens
The NFL's move towards embracing technology
Time Warner to delete MSG and MSG+ on January 1st? No more Knicks Rangers Devils Islanders potentially
i have something in common with a hall of famer (nsfw language)
Hitler Reacts to Pujols Leaving the Cardinals
COLTS FINALLY WIN!!! (X-post from football)
/r/sports, who was the greatest athlete in his/her respective sport?  
Runaway golf cart takes out bystanders after high school football game.
That Giants–Jets Christmas Eve Game Won’t Matter -Will Leitch
Trash talk &amp; banter is great, but this is completely unacceptable. 
My former High School made a rivalry video for a Nike Football Contest, and I think they won.
Quebec government wants French-speaking Canadiens coach
Former ESPN football analyst Craig James runs for Senate
Rebuilding a Franchise 101
This is definitely one of the most unique career paths in sports coaching history.
'The Shredder' breaks down Yu Darvish
UBC Football team stripped of all wins in 2011 after using ineligible player
Throwing Up Chicago Bears 2011
Rise in numbers of international student-athletes at college
How much has uniform technology contributed to the overall increase in performance of today's pro and college athletes over their forefathers? (Aside from the numerous other factors that have increased level of competition over the last 50 years)
Welcome to NCAA Football Insights
Uniform Launderer Roots for a Clean Game - NYTimes.com
Memphis coach Josh Pastner kept the locker room closed for more than 90 minutes after the game before addressing the media.
Novak Djokovic's £8m prize money in 2011 is record for a season
Baseball is a strange, strange sport
Maggio Getting Closer to Napoli Extension
Study Links Winning Football and Declining Grades - NYTimes.com
Six Reasons Why Newcastle United Haven’t Won In Six Games
ESPN Insider.
Some sweet ping pong shot videos, If you want to skip the into go to 51 seconds. Tell us what you think.
I need a live stream of the Purdue Iowa basketball game.  Can anyone help me out?
Ducks Lineman Performs Heimlich at Lawry's Beef Bowl
I LOVE it when you call me BIG PAPPA!...GOODNESS
Flames rally to beat Jackets
Sports writer calls ex Oklahoma coach a slap dick, and only hired because he was black...
Johnette Howard--Whatever it takes is no longer acceptable.
NY Knicks' Carmelo Anthony says Chris Paul should be on the LA Lakers not LA Clippers
Colts, Rams eye No. 1 pick, but 'Lose for Luck' a historical farce


Notre Dame Women's Basketball Destroys Mercer 128-42
Stringing Things Together: Caps Beat Sabres, Gain Momentum to End the Year in Columbus
Peyton Hillis believes in Madden curse
If you can hear the incessant beeping during NFL broadcasts, please post your TV provider... I think it might be DirecTV
The strange bOUnce Sunday Six-Pack, Featuring Boxing, Scotland, Argentina, Penalties, London 2012 Olympics, Fernando Torres and Andy Carroll
Roy Halladay rescues man from Anaconda attack in Amazon...
Adrian Peterson celebrates New Year's Eve in a hospital. With a funny hat. And ice cream.
Case Keenum closing in on 20,000 yards of total offense
Mike Milbury calls the Rangers the BlueShits on live TV.
NFL Grab Bag -- A Look at an Evolving League
Counting Down the Best of Everything in 2011
Need suggestions on how to mount some sports memorabilia on my wall (hockey sticks and baseball bat) 
Indianapolis Colts fire GM Bill Polian
Officiating during the last 5 minutes of the Winter Classic
1st Sponsored College Bowl game?
Stream Fiesta Bowl?
FC Barcelona target China internet market
Any sports cards fans familiar with box breaks?
Freshman Kicker (x-post from r/AdviceAnimals)
GoProHD Camera  POV- Snowboarding in Germany
Why is 28,000 points the number when it comes to ranking Kobe Bryant's recent milestone.
Dean Spanos on Norv Turner, AJ, and what he thinks of his fans.
Australia unleashed-India in trouble 
An athletic scholarship is not about waiting for a call. It is about generating lots of calls.
Found these gems deep in my closet... think we liked Ken Griffey, Jr. in the 90s?
TK learning Sir Mix-A-Lot's Baby Got Back
Clarke's Triple century agonizes India 
Which Football Conference Is The Best?
Become co-owner of a Welsh soccer/football team for five pounds
Looking to become a cameraman for sports events.

2011 All-Pro team. 
If You Don't Want Video Of Hacking High-School Basketball Players to Go Viral, Don't Post It - Forbes
N.C.A.A.’s ‘Justice’ System
The Atlantic Challenge 2011/2012 - a 3,000 Mile Canoe Race
N .J. bill to allow sports wagering, permit betting on horse racing at 12 bars or restaurants goes before lawmakers
Mets knuckleballer RA Dickey will be blogging his climb up Kilimanjaro for nytimes.com
Yankee great, Jorge Posada, announced his retirement today at age 40
Just For Kicks: An Interview With Saints Punter Thomas Morstead
So apparently there is a sport called pond skimming....?
2011 NBA Champion Dallas Mavericks Visit White House
I could not have wished for a better bday present.
Oops! Dirk Nowitzki dramatic reading.
Mayweather has come out.
Brent Musberger is obsessed with saying Honey Badger
Mayweather or Pacquiao? Who do you guys have?
Why I Hate Ali by Smokin' Joe Frazier - a fuller context to a famous rivalry
Floyd's jail term postponed. Also calls out Pacquiao of Facebook
Pro bowling fail ... ouch
Boxing moves to the Twitter link - Mayweather calls out Pacquiao on Twitter; boxing showdown on?
The best sports moment of all time?
Sri Lanka's biggest loss ever- South Africa v/s Sri Lanka 1st ODI 
Saints in San Franciso Sat.
some rules of the AUDL
I really believe Rick DiPietro was assembled with porcelain and tissue paper.
Nice article on Tuck Rule game...cant believe it was 10 years ago
A Video I Made For Our Baseball Team
I'm just a cheesehead for the green bay packers!
BBC Sport - Liverpool boss Kenny Dalglish demands attacking edge
Concerned About Offense, Knicks See Defense Falter in a Demoralizing Defeat
Painful commentary on postgame highlights. 
Melvin Guillard &amp;amp; Lavar Johnson MMA2DAY Show Guests Sunday Jan. 15
Alex Smith's game winning pass to Vernon Davis according to Tecmo.
DAE really enjoy the last few minutes of the Ravens-Texans game with no commentary at all?
Massive Lacrosse Fight
Celeb-directed twitter rage... 
One of the more controversial goals in hockey.. 
Holy what?! This is the most amazing footage ever
Puerto Rico Traces Decline in Prospects to Inclusion in the Baseball Draft
PSU's Damage-Control Memos Show Deepest Concern For Children (And Your Non-Refundable Donations)
Alexander Ovechkin rapping... [video]
The New Zealand Farmers Federation has called for sheep shearing to become an Olympic sport
Video: Dana White's response to the Outside the Lines expose on fighter pay in the UFC
Legendary Ali remains a giant among men - Kevin Iole
A Westport man has been charged with defrauding a Fairfield resident of $35,000 by selling what he said was dirt from the original Yankee Stadium
Bryce Harper Could Rise Quickly (BASEBALL TALK!!)- Buster Olney [Insider]
The greatest story about a road trip to Lambeau Field
I am the greatest of all time. I guess I won't argue vs. you.
Told you guys Tebow is terrible! No chance for next year. Broncos need to sign a QB, even though he's the incumbent.
Bill O'Brien To Penn State: Breath Of Fresh Air | Football Nation
Not Your Average Joe  UFC Article on Joe Lauzon.
Owens tweets he will play in IFL
Underwear Used by World Cup Skiers Focus of Debate
EHF European Handball Championships - Live on Youtube.
Shameless plug for all Tribesmen (and women), Wahoo's Tipi keeps the fire burning! (Indians subreddit, in case you couldn't figure it out)
My Case for the Colts Job
Photoshop: Flyers star Max Talbot on a bicycle trying to help Sixers star Evan Turner get home
Cleveland Indian's Pitcher Fausto Carmona - False Identity and Age
Best highlight reel of ALL-TIME.
Sarah Burke's family facing $550,000 in medical fees, raising money online
The Fast Life of Oscar Pistorius - The double amputee 400m-runner from South Africa who hopes to qualify for the 2012 Olympic Games
For the first time in history, no US man advances to the 4th round of the Australian Open tennis tournament
I started talking about boxing in the reddit 100 athletes thread, and remembered something cool: Larry Holmes climbs over a car to brawl with Trevor Berbick in the street
My favorite sports commercial. - [1:03]
HS basketball player Ndiaye 7-foot-5 and growing
The Tricking Must Go On!
On Freddie Roach full episode *youtube*
Jeremy Lin tearing up the D-League - Triple Double
How Big Time Sports Ate College Life
After CBS Sports first blamed a student reporter and took down their false story without explanation, they finally apologize
Best online live-streaming provider for soccer? (Legit &amp; Payed ofc.)
Warner blows India away at the WACA
Most Run Out Batsmen in ODI Cricket
This is why Coughlin looks miserable all the time. 
Joe Paterno died. He's actually dead this time
Could the A’s Return to Philadelphia?
Hilarious pre-game rant on Joe Flacco
Richiedi l’e-book gratuito Figli forti e positivi
is it time for baseball yet? let's review
Sangakkara ton guided Sri Lanka to win the final ODI
Bonus football in a championship game, are you kidding me? YES PLEASE.
Patriots-Giants Superbowl - Slowpoke
The 2012 Super Bowl is set. The AFC Champion New England Patriots will face the NFC Champion New York Giants on Feb. 5.
New York Giants Super Bowl Bound!
Hey Patriots.... (xpost from r/nfl)
Who feels worse, Billy Cundiff of the Baltimore Ravens or Kyle Williams of the SF 49ers?
A cruel twist for the Ravens - Sports - The Boston Globe
Highest Partnerships in ODIs
Outpouring of grief at Penn State after death of legendary coach
Robin van Persie reaction to Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain substitution in song
Jerry Sandusky reacts to Paternos death
Super Bowl Bonuses: What players earn for the big game
Choker Kyle Williams of the 49'ers is White Sox General Manager Kenny Williams son. 
Chicago Bears Jay Cutler and Kristin Cavallari expecting child
TL;DR - This Past Week in r/CFB (xpost from r/CFB)
Highest Run Scorers in T20 Cricket
100th opening partnership will prove its worth - Cook
What is going on with the 6 PM EST Sportscenter?
Incredible shot. Tough luck.
Who's career will be over first, Sidney Crosby or Peyton Manning?
India on a verge of whitewash by Aussies-Australia v/s India 4th Test 
A day in the life of an NBA player - Then and Now (Nick Collison)
A Day in the Life of The White Mamba
Ponting and Clarke Dashed off India's Last Hope
Ricky Pointing Shrugs off Retirement Rumours
Giants players admit they targeted Kyle Williams for big hits because of his concussion history.
A Brief History of the Hockey Stick
Can we compile a list of entertaining sports documentaries?
On the Mark Hitting the Greens
Roof Collapses at Rink in Slovakia 
Ex-Pats DL Jarvis Green woke up in 'cold sweats' after loss to Giants
Great piece on Bernard Hopkins from James Verini
Inter Say No To Tevez Deal  
Misbah fights back as English bowlers dominate
SFC's Top Ten Fan Signs of All Time!
2012 AFC championship game all mic-ed up..so cool
10 Most Experienced ODI Captains
Ferris Bueller Super Bowl Commercial? Looks like it. Bow, bowmp, bowmp, chi-chicka-chicka!
Are these the only members of the media who see the light when it comes to Joe-Pa?
Ice rink roof in Slovakia caves in under weight of snow
Ray Hudson Has A Man Crush.  It is Lionel Messi.
Fansedge Promo Code

Holy Grab, meet Holy Crap (huge x-games snowmobile fall)
Athletic Awareness- a new podcast about sports and shit
compLexity Gaming Super Bowl Prediction Contest 2012
BBC Sport - Andy Murray loses to Novak Djokovic in Australian Open semis
TIL Sharapova grunts/screams louder than a train and almost as loud as a motorcycle
it's gonna be a great weekend dudes. 
Tebow Knows 
Indian nightmare realized as they are white washed by Australia 4-0
Pakistan victorious after England scoreboard falls at just 72 
Pakistan butchered world no. 1 England in the second Test
Arshavin. Can you stop being a bit crap please.
Yuri Wright sure is a ladies man
WOW Zdeno Chara's 108.8MPH Slapshot
Is Charles Barkley Really That Bad A Golfer? Is Hank Haney Really That Bad A Teacher?
Great series, Cool MMA Moves 1-4
NHL All-Star Game Preview
I don't watch much Pac12 basketball - this is the weirdest looking court I've ever seen
Carolina Panthers change team logo for first time
A Maple Leafs time capsule, buried by Conn Smythe himself in 1931, has been found.
Bud Selig expects MLB to expand its playoffs this season
Cardinals' rally squirrel gets its own Topps baseball card 
Just won two tickets to the Super Bowl on twitter by making this video. 
Timbaland's Gronk song.
Discount Action sports and clothing – Nikwax TX Direct Wash In
Iguodala shines in 76ers' 74-69 win over Magic
MICHAEL CHANG and his spoon service ;)
What's the point of All-Star games?
Sources fearful over Manning’s ability to return
The star of Super Bowl Media Day
Epic Meal Time on Billy Cundiff (Nailed it)
What Makes Super Bowl Commercials Fall Flat - Forbes
Playing in high school is no longer vital for college scholarship seekers
Looks like the fight we all want is being put off again. Floyd Mayweather says he plans to fight Cotto, not Pacquiao on May 5. 
The Top 30 Positions Players in Baseball: How They Were Seen as Prospects
Alexander Radulov Slashes his coach on Video
Cool look at the numbers behind the Super Bowl
Some of the World Series Champion Cardinals at a St. Louis Blues game
Tom plunges into history: Daley makes the perfect splash to open Olympic pool

Sorry about your suit
Tressel takes VP job at University of Akron
In hindsight: Oops.  Mets to start paying Bobby Bonilla $1.2M per year until 2035(bottom of article).
Phil Mickelson Sued an Internet Service Provider Trying to Get the Name of a Commenter on a Blog Who Keeps Posting Rumors | The Big Lead
I wanna GRONK!
NBA All Stars Announced - West includes 4 LA Players
Trailer for Oscar Nominated HS Football Doc 'Undefeated'
NBA Team Values Climb To An All-Time High
How's your team doing in recruiting this week?
Texas Rangers star Josh Hamilton had a relapse with alcohol
Why do NBA teams who play a faster paced offense perform poorly in the playoffs? 
Streaming Sites Shut Down Days Before the Super Bowl
Inter Names Its Champions League Squad 
RedBull 2012 CliffDiving World Series!  Man Redbull has every extreme sport!
Different Minds Regarding Thiago Motta’s Departure from Inter
Necessary Changes
Official Liverpool Squad For Rest Of Season
NBA fines Mavericks owner Mark Cuban, coach Rick Carlisle total of $110,000
Peyton Manning not cleared to play Indianapolis Colts owner Jim Irsay tweets
 Manchester United's Wayne Rooney Requests Change of Position on Team, Worried About Hair Becoming Disheveled
Top 5 SuperBowl Commercials of 2012
Football and PR - Not so different
Rock Climbing Tips - A masterclass session with one of the best female climbers in Britain
NFL adding more Thursday games to schedule
Endless Roads 1: Yellow Horizons
Federal Prosecutors Drop Lance Armstrong Investigation - NYTimes.com
As Super Bowl Approaches, Reid Reflects
Unavoidable tomorrow during the game. 
Far From a Storybook Ending, a So-So Pitcher Turns the Page
Roma vs Inter Milan Preview
Fergie Says De Gea will be great… in two or three years
Will Rio Snub Terry Handshake On Sunday
Orpik on Paille, huge contender for hit of the season.
Scotland 6 England 13: Hodgson try seals win for Lancaster's rebuilt team as hosts
blow chances

Just in case people didn't know about Score Mobile and how it's better than Scorecenter and Sportacular and it's free.
I want to compare different sports categories such as speed, average play time, endurance, etc. What is a good resource for this?
when indy became egypt. 
Green Bay Packers' Aaron Rodgers wins MVP in landslide vote (48-2 over Drew Brees)- ESPN
PTS Writers Predictions-Super Bowl XLVI
Back-heel penalty kick by UAE's Awana Diab
Seems like the Super Bowl Halftime show can never get by without any slip ups
Well Played.
Most Memorable Moments in Pro Sports History

By far the best part of the Super Bowl.
I want to play Test cricket for England: Rankin
Ahmad Bradshaw was told not to score
The Butterfly Works for Ice Hockey Goalies....But Leaves Fans High &amp; Dry
A Super Sunday It Was
First Row Sports seized by Homeland Security
Kobe passes Shaq for 5th on the NBA's list of all-time scoring.
Golf just got a lot more stabby
M.I.A. Middle Finger At Super Bowl - YouTube
The International Bobsled and Skeleton Federation has a pretty large collection of highlight videos if you're bored this morning
About time!
Baltimore Ravens running back Ricky Williams has decided to retire from the NFL after 11 seasons
Super Punch-Out KO
Meet Davis Rozitis, who recently received the earliest disqualification of a player trying to stay in the game in the past 3 seasons of college basketball.
Larry Bird dropping some knowledge on the B.S. Report.
Elfstedentocht (Eleven Cities Tour) (1963)
One man's trash is another man's treasure
McLaren left the odd one out as rival teams all opt for 'stepped-nose' design
50 stunning Olympic moments No13: Tommie Smith and John Carlos salute
7'5 high school basketball player, it is just silly
Whether you loved or hated him, there is no denying that Ricky Williams was/is one of the most polarizing NFL players in history. 
The truest words to come out of the Super Bowl
Ranking the NFL’s announce teams
World's largest Dodgeball game
Memphis officially joins the Big East for all sports starting 2013.
Sports Journalism - questions and opinions!
LIverpool Adds Another Sponsor In 3K Battery  
Inter v Real Madrid In New York This Summer?  
Kendrick Perkins Miffed With LeBron James’ Tweet about Griffin Dunk 
Baseball Winter Survival Guide
Three NHL Players That Are Trade Bait 
Trying to find a shadowbox for a 17x40 pennant....Can anyone help? 
Manny Still Being Manny?
Bucs hire Butch Davis to coach Defence.
A Point Guard’s Sudden Emergence Catches Retailers Off Guard
Best Commercials of Super Bowl XLVI
Only 25 states in the U.S. have a professional team (NFL, NBA, NHL, MLB). What state(s) do you believe should have a pro-team, and what sport? [GAME INSIDE]
Alternate universe championship gear
Penn State Football – Coach Bill O’Brien’s First Day – Video  
SAF Explains Veseli Signing  
London Olympics 2012, Schedule, Sports, London Olympics Medals, Venues, Opening &amp; Closing Ceremony


Maestro Ewen McKenzie excels in business of brilliance
2012 Fantasy Football: Could Wes Welker Crack The First Round?
Missouri Valley Conference Basketball, Creighton vs. Wichita State + SDSU at UNLV, Feb 10, 2012
Aussie super horse Black Caviar makes it 18/18. Effortlessly again.. 
NFL rejected President Nixon's blackout proposal, White House tapes reveal - ESPN
Six Nations Clash cancelled in Paris
Sipadan Mabul Resort
Sipadan Island
Sunderland fans salute Arsenal's storybook goalscorer Thierry Henry
Mick McCarthy lost his job at Wolves today but has already admitted the next Managerial position he wants...
So, does anyone here have any experience with jumping stilts?
Sipadan Island
Does Blake Griffin make that dunk in the latest Redbull commercial?
Russell Westbrook:  joins Magic Johnson and Oscar Robertson as the only players in NBA history to record 5,000 points, 1,900 assists and 1,300 rebounds through 274 career games. 
WVU to Big 12?
Jagr blogs about his 40th birthday: Actually, I'm Thirty-five. My Dad Made Me Older
50 stunning Olympic moments No14: Roy Jones Jr cheated out of gold
As Rangers enter administration, tax probes are launched into EIGHT top English clubs

Hall of Famer Tony Gwynn has 14-hour tumor removal surgery - ESPN
 4 TCU football players involved in major drug sweep 
I love when goalies try to make a splash in fights
Phil 'Er Up, Tiger Falters
Who said sailing is only for the summer?
Four TCU football players arrested for selling drugs
You're really on the ball there NY Times
Apparently Washington Nationals Pitcher Drew Storen is a redditor
NBA arena backer to reveal Seattle plan Thursday. First concrete news that Seattle will build an Arena to lure an NBA/NHL team.
Gus Johnson's most anti-climatic call ever... hilarious.
Esther Vergeer – the world’s greatest Wheelchair Tennis player
Anybody love lacrosse as much as I do? Miss playing so much
Mahela Jayawardene press conference on the eve of the Commonwealth Bank ODI Series match between Sri Lanka and Australia at the SCG.
Crashed Ice World Tour
Chris Pennell signs new deal with Worcester Warriors
Who says being a mascot is easy?
Boxer threatens ref, starts riot, gets banned
Boarding perfection...
There is no shortage of people trying to make a buck off Jeremy Lin’s success. Brokers are charging hundreds and even thousands of dollars for Knicks tickets. Sporting goods stores are doing a great business in T-shirts and jerseys. Now the race is on to find Jeremy Lin trading cards.
Seattle to build new NBA/NHL sports arena
Baron Davis memeifies Jeremy Lin as the Most Interesting Man in the World
RIP Gary The Kid Carter
gary carter has just died.
Extreme Wingsuit Flying 
Jerry Lin You Are My Favorite Giant!!
Jogger sues pair of blind Paralympic athletes for 350K after collision- despite competing in a 10k run three months later
The 23 Most Unfortunate Names in Sports History
[Hiring] Fantasy Baseball Gurus - League Recruiting, $20 per league [x-post from r/forhire]
Whose teams will win: Barkley or Shaq
Santa Clara approves plans for 49ers stadium
My tribute to Gary Carter...RIP the Kid!
Black Caviar wooed the world over
Dereck Chisora Slapped Vitali Klitschko At The Weigh-In Before Tomorrow's Title Bout
How come whenever and athlete is quoted in the media, they never print the question he/she was asked?
Wakefield Announces Retirement
Who said sailing is only for Summer? [Fixed]
Goals of the week
Dereck Chisora SLAPS Vitali Klitschko Video
Any ideas where I can find a march madness pool website that is free and won't get blocked at work?
Watch Vitali Klitschko vs Dereck Chisora Live Heavyweight Division Boxing!!!
Daxsly- Tendulkar – Time for you to go « Ndsram's Blog
Really Chisora, really?
Shaq calls himself the black Pat Riley
John Steffensen talks about himself in the third person and murdering boys
Fastest century from Lewi help South Africa defeat New Zealand
Boxer interviewed by German police after post-fight brawl between Chisora and Haye

That didn't take long
Anyone a sports memorabilia collector or know much about it?
Fletcher Arritt: The best hoops coach you've never heard of. Fork Union Military Academy 
The best coach you've never heard of. Thanks for being yourself, Coach Arritt!
BBC News - Eynsham cricket pavilion destroyed in suspicious fire - devistating for the local community!
Three Journalists Arrested For Publishing Boobsy Photos Of Real Madrid Player And WAG
Manny Being Manny? Report: Oakland Athletics And Manny Ramirez Agree On One-Year Deal 
Who Haas to Win?
The New Basketball Cold War
Another unsuccessful chase from India- Beaten by Sri Lanka 
Brady Quinn on Tebow - If you look at it as a whole, there's a lot of things that just don't seem very humble to me.
/r/videos didn't like this, it's how we celebrate Shrove Tuesday (Pancake day) in the town I'm from.
Tell us about your interactions with famous athletes?
Rotoworld has a virus on one of their ads. Be careful.
Top 10 Will Ferrell Moments in sports
Fourteen85's incredible array of design helmet concepts
The UK Guardian's take on linsanity
Ex-NBA Player Comments on Whether Games are Fixed or Not, from an AMA
Lakers interested in Beasley
Where will Peyton Manning play in 2012?
Wingsuit Sky Diving – World’s Most Extreme Sport?
Talk about point shaving! 
Cost of Glazers' takeover at Manchester United reaches £500m
Faith in André Villas-Boas slowly eroding among Chelsea hierarchy
Bobby Jenks was not just fearful that his career was in jeopardy, the right-handed reliever was terrified for his life last December.
NHLPA Player's PlayBook - All access. Redefined.
Ridiculous dunk you may not have seen
If a swim team can be forced to give back its title because one of the swimmers didn’t disclose they shaved just before they met what about body contact sports?
Ultimate Tazer Ball. I'm down with any sport that allows stun guns
Cornerback Darrelle Revis says New York Jets' internal turmoil runs deep - ESPN New York
Dodgers Pitcher Belisario Admits to Using Cocaine
Jeremy Lin's rookie card selling for $20,000
TWolves sing karoke to N*SYNC
Olympic closing ceremony will be 'celebration of British music'

Death of football? That's crazy, until you start thinking about it - Gregg Doyel
de Villiers deliver victory to South Africa with an unbeaten century
Robert Choc Thornton's Cheltenham Festival Tips 2012
Crusaders beat Blues in Rugby opener
Sports Radio/Podcast recommendations? 
Coach Buzz Flirted With Death By Dancing In Front Of WVU Students 
Best 30 for 30 episodes?
Here's a toast to celebrities and athletes who aren't too cool to take a pic with you. Specifically this man.
Luiz dismisses critics
Manny Pacquiao vs. the Vegan 
RGIII wasn't the only individual with superman athletic skills at his position. You would be surprised at the other QBs who had a real good combine
Even Dogs Love The Cats |
Babe Ruth's circa 1920 New York Yankees' jersey is predicted to sell for a record sum.
Kyle McClellan is still with the Cardinals, which is where he wants to be
Which game prevails as the Greatest Sports Game of All Time?
Why You Should All Be Watching HBO’s Brilliant On Freddie Roach Docuseries
Vote for the best theme songs
Sick Westbook Monster Dunk (All Star)
All 91 of Blake Griffin's dunks this season, compiled into one video
Harlem Globetrotters Leap Day Dunk Mashup Video 
Complete List of Everything on an NHL Goalie Mask
For those of you sports fans who have never heard of the Malice at the Palace, or the event that changed perception of basketball
US gets one shot in second half, they score for the win.
Superfan Darrell Bailey says Clippers asked him to stop using Clipper Darrell nickname
Wounded Warriors Amputee Softball Team Thriving on the Field Across The Country (Great guys, I helped promote a local event in SoCal for them. Very Inspirational)
Gus Johnson Loses It
Paul George
Kobe Bryant: 'All good' with Wade
Tiger Woods in a Stare Down... Not So Sure About That
Jeremy Lin vs Kobe Bryant!
Shedding some light on Jim Buss’ role in the Laker front office, and his buddy ‘Chaz’
UFC on FX 2: Alves vs. Kampmann predictions &amp; odds
With Baseball Approaching, I am reminiscing about the voice of my childhood-- Thanks Macklemore
A.J Burnett Fouls Ball off Face, out 2-3 months
MLB Expands Playoffs From 8 Teams to 10 
Neck Injuries Continue to Plague Pro Wrestling Business
So I was curious how the razorbacks baseball team was doing in the rankings, then I realized the NCAA website operator has had the world's longest vacation.

**TORONTO MAPLE LEAFS HEAD COACH**

What do you think are the most underrated sports? 
TIL that there is a competitive sport where you have to run and juggle simultaneously. Some world records are very impressive
I am so fired up
Texans reach contract agreement with Arian Foster
ESPN opens the floodgates. Brogrammers get ready...
For Mets’ Early Risers, Bacon, Eggs and a Workout
ESPN creates developer API...but wait, the lawyers got there first
Joe Posnanski on the Saints bounty hunting scandal.
Vanderbilt player making a push for the Not Top 10
Great Netflix-like site for action sports videos
(X-Post /r/Favors) 45-second survey on your smartphone usage at live sporting events
What are some pro sports rituals that drive you insane?
Gored bullfighter returns to ring
Every team needs to start somewhere, check out where Mississauga Blues originated from! 
World Series Television Ratings, The Decline Of America's Pastime, a thing of the past
Does this seem fair?
A fifth year senior who scored just 50 points in his career is the final piece of the Lute Olson era. Then there's that whole program he built too.
Dallas Mavericks guard Jason Kidd was fined for criticizing refs 
Interviewing world's tallest pro basketball player. What should I ask.
They're No Saints: The Problem With the NFL Bounty System
With the NCAA tournament coming up, what do you think is the best scoring system for the bracket?
What the puck? Canadian pond hockey seasons are melting away as climate change warms the 
North. Canadian traditions are skating on thin ice. 
Beckham Beer, Right Before Setting Up the Tying Goal (vs TFC, Rogers Centre, Toronto)
Japanese DF Nagatomo's winning Goal Inter 1-0 Genoa
Pele on Lionel Messi (from January of this year):
FSU baseball uses big inning to beat UCF 7-6
Tiger’s SEALS link not going away
Eddie George Caught ridding shotgun with 21 Year Old Professional Female Golfer Rachel Connor when she was pulled over for DUI at 2AM after they left a party.  
Bracketology: Magic’s In The Air
Will he ever retire? 
Hit by cricket ball, youth suffers heart attack in Oz
Cricket: Three wickets in four balls for Martin
Flyers top short-handed Red Wings 3-2
Tatar progresses despite production plateau
NBA vs Europe, Pt. 2
Women's Basketball ends regular season with flourish
What if athletes didn't know what other players 
made?
Jeff Moorad Pulls Ownership Application for Padres
Any notable times when a city has hosted two games in two sports with teams from the same city visiting both?
The NEW Ryan Braun Excuse, Now Used by DJ Williams
Canadian ski cross racer dies in crash

Tiger Woods abruptly withdraws from Doral, citing left leg injury
This is a classic blooper in Norway - Bjarte Flem with the worst throw ever.. 
A champion swimmer from Oklahoma Baptist University died after swimming with teammates in the college pool, The Oklahoman reported Saturday.
Welcome to TCARS &amp; Theo the Savior
Selection Sunday Let The Betting Begin
Manning declines invites to Seattle, Kansas City after Denver and Arizona visits. Could be nearing decision.
Missouri gets second seed in West, Saint Louis seeded ninth
Bob Knight Discount Double Check
r/sportsbook pay bracket challenge.
Graham Poll: Don't blame Atkinson for Reebok blunder, we need technology
Colorado 5A State Basketball Championship Buzzer-Beater.....AMAZING!
Rose To Victory. . . Tiger Hurt
A History of Bracketology
Who invented the tournament bracket?
Postcard from Cardinals camp, Monday, March 12
The American Golf Revival
A DYNAMIC APPROACH- Part I
Andrew Brommer (Iowa Hawkeyes my favorite team) with an amazing trick shot!
New coach gives Petrova fresh top-10 incentive
Dwight Howard will face criticism if leaves the Magic, though he has helped maximize the franchise’s revenues over the last seven years.
Blindfold Brackets - WSJ.com
Indiana Basketball: The Resurrection
15 Scandalous Stories of College Athletes Behaving Badly
St. Louis product Lucas May chasing major-league dream with New York Mets
Dallas Seavey becomes youngest musher to win Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race
Audio: Terry Pendleton, one of the many former Cardinals seen in Florida
Who is going to be this year's Cinderella?
Effect of Trade Rumors on NBA Players
How-To: Master Time Management
March Madness 2012: Searching for Cinderella
Damn you, cbssports ULive. 
Fifth-grader busted for running NCAA bracket pool... 
Bracketology: The Selection Process
Johnny Sullivan Made this trick shot video a year ago with Black Keys and Artic Monkeys music.. never dreaming that they would be touring together this year....... pretty cool         he is 12
Does anyone know of a site that delivers induvidual sized football cleats?
My 2012 bracket
Tits + NCAA Tournament Bracket = The Rack-Et!!
Checking scores just got a lot more fun!
Nuggets trade Nene to Washington for JaVale McGee, Ronny Turiaf
So everyone wants a perfect bracket...
Phelps is Gearing Up for the London Games
So this is my reaction to nearly every ncaa tournament game so far.
A great example of athletes stepping into areas they don't know about. Alexander Ovechkin's bracket.
Small high school basketball team scores amazing last-second 3-pointer.
My March Madness / NFL Sunday setup
Andy Pettitte returning to Yankees
Prediction
John Elway, Denver Broncos watch Peyton Manning work out in North Carolina
2012 Bracket Buster: Norfolk State
How I feel about today's upsets
Prediction
Problem solving mountain biking. Think fast!
Robert Kranjec 231m-Planica 2012
Is your bracket busted, try this one!
Phillies release former 20-game winner Dontrelle Willis

Murray State University - Steve Prohm Named 
Basketball Times Coach Of The Year
Ian Thorpe fails to qualify for London 2012 at trials
Go Purefoods Tender Juicy Hotdogs! Or is it Corned Beef Cowboys? Or Chunkee Giants?
Mike D'Antoni's Resignation from the Knicks Highlights Serious Ownership Problems
Deron is a Mean Dunker
What does reddit/r/sports thinks of my first edit in Vars, France ?
NCAA Selection Committee Evidently Just Went Alphabetically | The Onion - America's Finest News Source
I can't help but to feel bad for these folks.
Michael Phelps selling his waterfront house in Baltimore's historic Fells Point.
Reconstructing The Strange Rose Bowl Trip Of John Meat Chadima, Former Wisconsin Associate AD And Alleged Crotch-Grabber
Houston, We have a Mamba! « LAKER MAGIC
There are few things in life more amusing than when KG declares somebody a nobody!
What is on your Sports Bucket List?
NFL's top saint incapable of contributing to team in 2012, acquired by Jets regardless.
Saints Bounty Punishment - Ramifications for 49ers
My favorite dunk contest and winner
The Game and Stevie Johnson Record Mixtape Track
234 goals, one amazing footballer
Schefter: Tim Tebow is being allowed to pick the team he wants to go to. He picks the trade. Jets or Jacksonville.
Soccer star Fabrice Muamba was technically dead for 78 minutes.
Bangla Desh won the toss and chose to bat
/sports, can someone help me out with this request?
NCAA Walk-On: The best seat in the house is also at the end of the bench, Kentucky player's life both charmed and cursed.
Mark Sanchez better watch out!
The obligatory Taiwanese animation about the Manning/Tebow saga.
Sweet Sixteen Preview: Michigan State vs. Louisville
Hadley Freeman at the Guardian had a lot 
of fun with the new GB Olympic kit
All About Swimming (x-post r/swimming)
Does anyone else feel enraged when the Senate does this in sports?
Unbeaten super lightweight Vernon Paris boxes with a bullet an inch from his spine
The Family Style 5k, Obstacle Race &amp; Mud Run
New logo for Santa Barbara City College athletics. What do you think?
Do you want to smell like me?
Louisville outplays Michigan State, sends No. 1 Spartans packing - Kelli Anderson - SI.com
Ten linebackers to watch this college football season.
Chip's NBA Basketball Podcast Report: March 24, 2012
Blues vs Hurricanes highlights - SuperRugby 2012
Streamline Position for Competitive Swimming (xpost r/swimming)
Best NFL Celebrations 2011
So Mr. Brazilian Sport minister, you mean there is a slight chance the 2014 World Cup will be a disaster
1897 Jim Corbett vs. Bob Fitzsimmons
Why doesn't Britney Griner have more dunks?
Cincinnati Commandos, UIFL arena football team, score 104 points in rout; Notch 10 passing TD's
Max Scherzer could give Tigers another pitching ace 
Should College Basketball Players Unionize - And Strike? 
NBA Real-Time Battlefield
49 Things You Should Know About Jamie Moyer - I love this guy, and really hope he makes the Rockies this season
Kentucky vs. Louisville - Basketball Armageddon
Kobe Bryant Benched During the 4th Quarter Against Grizzlies
Tiger Roars, Soars to Victory!
Biggest news about the Mets since... since... that's a good question actually.
Dabo Swinney and Chad Morris react to Tajh Boyd's trip to California
Minor League Pitching Coach Gives Awesome Locker Room Speech
Roddick upsets Federer in Sony Ericsson open
U.S. soccer team eliminated from London Olympics by El Salvador 
Highly Paid Coach does not translate to wins new study finds
Well this is just terrible news...
Just received these two ESPN News updates on my phone
Soccer's richest stars
Bradford Bulls (Rugby League) in deep financial trouble, need £1m over the next month to stay afloat.
Miami Heat Pepe Billeto - the typical Miami Heat fan - Warning* spanish video
Jermaine Gresham does not understand football, likes the word UHHHH and looks like a homeless man
Grubes leaves Sports Radio 1310 the Ticket
What does the Pundit think?: What's Going On Around the Bay?
Mariners and A's tour Japan disaster zone and hold baseball clinic for students.
Fight breaks out at dialysis center between UK and U of L fans
Magic Johnson and friends buy the Dodgers - for $2,000,000,000
Magic Johnson group to buy Los Angeles Dodgers
With Magic Johnson committing to the Dodgers deal, is the LA downtown NFL stadium deal off the table?
In the latest episode of the Los Angeles Lakers’ long-running soap opera, suddenly 3-point-happy center Andrew Bynum was sent to the pine for not playing “the right way,” one game after Kobe Bryant was benched.
Sad state of Indian Sports(except cricket). 
A Look Back at the last 20 Years of McDonalds All-American Basketball Games 
Hank Haney gets called the scum of the Earth in an interview with Boomer and Carton on WFAN 660am. (audio)
Never Ending March Madness | Drew Litton
Washington Wizards rookie Chris Singleton spends $10,000 on lottery tickets - NBA News | FOX Sports on MSN
NAIA and 5' 10 be damned. This kid can DUNK!!!
Jeremy Lin Injured: Knicks Point Guard To Get Knee Surgery For Meniscus Tear
My favorite commercial recently when it's come on during March Madness
Dwayne Wade's Nephew Injured in Chicago Shooting Spree
Kentucky fans light car on fire during victory celebration [video].
Even the police get caught up in big blue madness
Prediction
Orwell and March Madness
SPORTS INJURIES ARE OUT OF CONTROL!
Union County Stars Shine at VTO Elite 100
Ryan Leaf arrested again, and no, this is not a repeat from Saturday.
Why The NCAA Title Game Is So Historic
Ubaldo Jimenez Suspended 5 Games for Plunking Tulowitzki
Pride of Iowa Senior All-Star Game - football alley oop dunk immediately after tipoff
Anthony Davis and Michael Kidd-Gilchrist are projected to go 1 and 2 overall in the draft this summer. Have two teammates ever been selected first and second in an NBA draft before?
Qatar needs more money to host the 2022 FIFA World Cup
Football - Midweek Action
March Madness Compilation
What Kentucky NCAA Championship celebration sounded like on the Lexington Police scanner.
Why don't American professional sports teams put sponsors on their jerseys?
Amazing basketball trickshots!! If you like basketball or dudeperfect, check out this video !:)
Who's is the most underrated College Football Coach?
Kentucky built a team on underclassmen expected to leave for the NBA
Speedy Mavericks
Football-Loving Nebraska Nurtures Baseball Books
Martin Kaymer's Water Skipping Hole in One
March Madness bracket visualization by school colors
Mike Tyson talks about the time when he was cockblocked by Brad Pitt
How I imagine James Harrison
Baltimore Orioles lose to Fla. community college - Sports Blog - CBS News
An infographic unlike any other
Is it True? Rumor has it That Drew Brees has Signed Contract
Did anyone else catch this? (xpost from r/baseball)
New Tiger, Old Stripes (Tiger Woods is back, and doesn't seem to have changed at all)
When Sport Fans Riot
Scott Stapp wrote a fight song for the Marlins...and it is horrifying.
Gregg Williams Speech Implores Saints to Hurt 49ers - (wow....)
What town in the contiguous U.S. is furthest from a major league stadium
Beanballs and the psychology of revenge: Baseball fans exhibit a high moral tolerance for a form of revenge not otherwise practiced in most of contemporary society
Not recognizing him at first, two police officers drew their guns on Torii Hunter after responding to a burglar alarm at his Orange County home on Wednesday.
Bobby Petrino had a female passenger...
Rangers Unveil Statue of Fan Who Died at Game
Green tea could cloud Olympic doping tests 
Gregg Williams’s profanity-laced speech before the Saints’ playoff game against the 49ers was recorded by a filmmaker.
Dismount Double-Backflip
Gregg Williams Bounty Audio (Prior to 49ers - Saints Playoff Game)
Complete video of the 1993 NBA All-Star game in Utah (without commentary).  National anthem by Boyz II Men!
Bauch Beine Po trainieren
The second best player in the World?
69 Year Old Pro Wrestler Still Living His Dream 
Third time lucky? Arsenal-Manchester City preview
Philadelphia Flyers Playoffs song written and recorded by my friend, Plots
2011 Nat Treas box break
Mikey Su'a: Human or thumb?
100 ways Augusta changed to make the Masters harder
Tiger, one step forward then two steps back into the Woods
Inside look at evolution of the NFL's logo designs
Multiple angles of the Orioles Batman streaker synced with radio &amp; TV announcers' play-by-play of that idiot on the field (video)
Bruce Weber farewell gesture
Tim McCarver, social media expert
In honor of National Siblings Day, here are the stories of 13 pairs of same-sport Hall of Fame siblings
Arkansas Coach Fired
University of Arkansas Razorbacks Fire Bobby Petrino For Hiding Inappropriate Relationship 
We got a trickster over here!
Top Soccer Players Are Seen to Have Superior Brain Function - NYTimes.com
Masters champ Bubba Watson stops by Late Show With David Letterman
Lineman shares VTO experience
Lewis Hamilton and Yao Ming
World's widest slip and slide
Lionel Messi • My Story • ||HD||
      - YouTube
Scott Hall Denies Choking Girlfriend - Yahoo! Sports
Bobby Petrino's epic ride, as told in an 8-bit Motorbike Adventure

Bobby Petrino, Jessica Dorrell talked frequently, phone records show
A Cuban Restaurateur's Comprehension of Ozzie Gullien's Mouth - Forbes
Kobe Bryant, Dr. Chris Renna, and the Regenokine knee treatment
Comparing Sporting Rivalries.
Any new ideas for what I could wear during a 10km race?
Live comment thread for big games?
Just how much are tickets for Bayern - Borussia?!?
Caddie vs. gator! Who ya got?
Any good baseball stream sites?
Former Montreal Canadiens captain Émile (Butch) Bouchard dead at 92
Blues beat down Sharks after playoff game
AGBU Plovdiv won first place in the football championship of the European Armenian Games
As deal falls apart, Sacramento Kings owners, elected leaders lose trust 
Marlin's high tech new field, somewhere I'm going to have to visit
If this guy is innocent, it'll make one hell of a story.
Boston Marathon Results: (Men) 1. Kenya 2. Kenya 3. Kenya ... (Women) 1. Kenya 2. Kenya 3. Kenya
The Future of Kobe Bryant
Why you don't streak at a rugby game
Michael Vick condemns Alabama's weak cockfighting law
Angels #1 prospect Mike Trout scores from first base on a single...I think he's ready for the show
The 13 most awkward moments in MMA (gif)
No-Name, Never Played College Football, Signs with the Miami Dolphins
Fábregas helping his teammate 
Scout.com: Pat Summitt to become coach emeritus
New Respect for Rajon Rondo
Torres Suspended Indefinitely, Will Have Hearing on Friday
My new favorite athlete, Skylar McBee. 
I made a halfcourt shot for $10,000. It's a dream come true.
Team Spirit [x-post from r/nhl]
Kobe's Friday Return Good for the Lakers?
Reed Mells: small guard, big game, big plans
Princess Tirlelo From the Royal Bafokeng Nation Team up with the NBA to Inspire Confidence in South African youth
Kobe Bryant HD
      - YouTube
A heart characteristic linked to sudden cardiac death is more common in athletes than non-athletes, and black male athletes are much more likely to have this characteristic than other athletes, a new study finds.
Cory Schneider Top Dog Now
Torres disciplinary ruling to be announced Saturday
MLB Will Deny Pujols-Type Perks
Hey Reddit, a small and handy companion for golfers to improve their golf swings 
Sport &amp; Outdoors Coupon Codes
Raffi Torres suspended 25 games for hit on Marian Hossa 
Umpire Greg Gibson took a Stephen Strasburg fastball to the crotch (video)
I present to you the Lorchcast. The single most awkward sports newscast ever.
Come Back Story: You May hate sports but this is why people play the games they do. 
Beyond-bad Bobcats make you wonder: What happened to Michael Jordan?
Ray Easterling dead: NFL star kills himself after lifetime of depression 'brought on by concussion'
Arkansas hires former Michigan State and Louisville coach John L. Smith as its interim football coach, replacing fired Bobby Petrino
Virginia Tech Basketball Coach Fired
Arkansas hires John L. Smith as 2012 interim coach
Rams take one last look at three wideouts
Roger Goodell: Saints players 'embraced' bounty system, punishment 'soon'
Need Reddit's help retrieving a possibly archived/deleted years-old thread from ESPN.
Louisiana police, FBI probing alleged eavesdropping by New Orleans Saints
Good sport video games?
Ex-MLBPA diector Marvin Miller -- players salaries more justifiable than CEO pay - ESPN
Hot 103 video contest, Winnipeg
Marathon runner's death inspires $1 million in donations
Great quality yahoo 
Bob Costas mistaking MJ's wife for MJ's Mom
Oldest former major leaguer turns 101 in Cuba
FOUND: Two worst baseball fans ever!
Kobe aims to win his third scoring title in Sacramento tomorrow night.  I'm not on vacation.
Wimbledon losers to get larger share of prize money - Yahoo! News India
Will Scott Brooks be Dungy'd?: Comparing the coaching situation of Scott Brooks to Tony Dungy's in Tampa Bay.
Metta World Peace Discusses elbow incident
In all its glory, The 2012 Draft Day Drinking Game
College Football is broken and the powers that be refuse to fix it.
Hilarious! This is how the Harlem Globetrotters do Take Your Kid to Work Day.
Brandon Inge has been released by the Tigers
Is Michael Jordan the worst GM in NBA history?
They acted as though I was doing something wrong, poisoning the record books or something. Do you know what I have to show for 61 home runs? Nothing. Exactly nothing. 
The good news about Metta's meltdown? It spawned the video that changed my life
Detroit Tigers OF Delmon Young faces hate crime charge in New York - ESPN
It pays to be the No. 1 draft pick.. Just not as much as it used to pay.
After adding Trent Richardson, Brandon Weeden, Cleveland Browns may look to move QB Colt McCoy 
Massey meets with Panther Nation
That's cold: Somebody prank called Mohamed Sanu and told him he was about to be drafted in the 1st round. (He was not drafted in the 1st round.)
NHL announces Lundqvist, Malkin, and Stamkos as finalists for the Hart Trophy.
Sally Mangina and the other worse names in Sports History.
Scottie Pippen believes Phil Jackson has lot of basketball left and New York Knicks are good fit
Welcome to Cleveland Brandon
Nationals Call-Up Bryce Harper; 19-Yr Old Will Be Youngest in MLB
It's official:  Derrick Rose tore his ACL.  
Melbourne Sporting week wrap-up to Sunday 29th April 2012 - the sporting capital of the world
My Adventures in Jai Alai
Not a Clippers fan but this was so amazing to watch!
What It Takes to Be Banned From the Olympics
Spin a Ball like a Harlem Globetrotter
Lakers F Jordan Hill charged with felony assault for allegedly choking his girlfriend and throwing her against a wall after she broke his cell phone. 
Boxer’s face turned to mush after brutal knockout blow
Memories of Senna, 18 years on
Swimming world champ Dale Oen dies in Arizona 
ESPN's MLB Power Rankings... Poor Chicago
Doing Sporting Journalism, and i have a meme sections per sports. Am i doing it right?
New York Yankees' Andy Pettitte takes stand in Roger Clemens perjury trial 
An update from the now ex-ESPN columnist: her side of the story thus far
Florida golfer nearly gets dragged into lake by alligator after searching for lost golf ball
Truly bizarre story of a 22 year old blogger, turned-gambling guru, turned-ESPN contributor, turned-con woman
Virender Sehwag turns on the heat in IPL 5 
Could Vince Young be going to the Buffalo Bills?
Who ever said golf isn't a contact sport?  Gator bites a golfer!
Mouthpiece Could Ease Stress, Hasten Recovery in Athletes
NFL bans four players for New Orleans Saints' bounty roles
4 NFL players suspended after bounty reports
2012 US Open Cup First Round matches unveiled for May 15, Second Round pairings set 
Andy Pettitte backtracks during cross-examination, now says that he may have misunderstood Clemens comments about using HGH
NFL legend Junior Seau found dead at his California home
Messi scores and breaks the record passing Bayern Munich great Gerd Mueller. The former West Germany striker scored 67 goals during the 1972-73 campaign with Bayern, and it looks as if his record will be eclipsed by Messi, who had 65 goals so far this season before this game
NFL legend Junior Seau found dead at his California home 
55 Seconds of Silence for Junior Seau on 5/5 at 5:55 PM.
All rise … the honorable Judge Warren Sapp presiding.
Justified or not, Seau's death puts football under question again
A peanut streamer for the next Sounder goal!
94 Chargers Curse Picture
Rangers Beat Capitals in 3 Overtimes
Fan survey declares Mr. Met as America's favorite sports mascot.  Who's your favorite mascot, r/sports?
OTL: Guerdwich Montimere, the kid who wasn't there
Top Paid Athletes
Mariano Rivera carted off field during batting practice with apparent leg/knee injury
Safe? Whaaaa?
This week in sports...
Being a good sport: Katy Andrews' Epic Steeplechase Fail
Famous Curses in American Sports History
Jeff Francoeur buys his section a beer
A high-school freshman in New Jersey is alternating between pitching lefty and righty. 
4th Annual Down Set Hut Youth Football Camp Ready to Roll - David Sidoo
Doctors to examine Junior Seau's brain
Goals of the week
NFL players' union files grievances over New Orleans Saints bounty suspensions - ESPN
Meloball Under Fire (Again)
What a save!
One of the most intense articles I've ever read about a Bobsleigh crash. 
So I tweeted Dan O'toole and Jay Onrait for autographs, Dan responded, followed through and even sent (as requested) a message from Producer Tim!
Makes me want to get out more. Its all your fault reddit!
Ultimate battle with Mayweather can still happen  - Pacquiao
Washington State football coach, Mike Leach, is doing an AMA
Big East commish John Marinatto quits amid shifting landscape 
Nats GM Rizzo Calls Out Hamels’ ‘Chicken Shit’ Beaning Of Harper
Should New York Pursue Phil Jackson?
For those of you who don't know, you can import all your teams schedule into your Google Calendar!
Why College Football Should Be Banned
Haven't you always wanted to collect supermodel trading cards
The People V. Football - How former star linebacker Fred McNeill copes with the effects of years of football collisions
A Reader Reports: The Real Loser Of The Orioles-Red Sox Marathon Was MLB.tv
Denver Broncos fire general manager Brian Xanders after three years in Denver
Cole Hamels suspended five games
Does anybody know why the Detroit Tigers have so many belt loops? I've always wondered why their pants are the only ones like this in the MLB.
Tragic Loss of an NFL Legend and Icon—Junior Seau
Really CBS Sports? A floating blimp across the webpage!?
Japanese Soccer League goals of the month for April (xpost r/Japansports)
Where can I get the Lakers Nuggets game tonight online without the NBA season pass?
very impressive
Heritage Field, on old Yankee Stadium grounds, has the old diamond and outfield outlined in Yankee blue artificial grass on it (links to pics in comments)
Someone my age from my hometown just won his MLB debut today.  Half stoked, half jealous.
Federal prosecutors subpoena Cleveland-Cuyahoga County Port Authority's parking leases with Cleveland Browns 						cleveland.com
Did the NBA Lockout Ruin This Year's Playoffs?
Why in the name of God do they keep letting Ron Artest (aka Meta World Peace) speak on live television.
MLB sample delivery apparently has issues, second ban overturned this year
Wes Welker - Things will be good
Turner's Late Layup
Devin Jones Finishes Sixth in UARA-STARS Race at Kingsport Speedway
Does anyone have the Stop What You're Doing NBA Playoffs commercial?
Junior Seau's home burglarized last week-- only 5 days after his suicide.
Interesting 30 for 30 short film about Pete Rose.
Conference realignment may send Florida State to the Big 12, but would the ACC replace them with Louisville?
Stephen Brunt on Blue Jays: It's time to grow up.
Philly Union trade their team captain. I can't think of another pro sports team that traded their current captain in season. Can r/sports name some?
Should Parents Choose the Sports Their Children Play?
Extreme Sports and the future of the Olympics
KKRo-owner Shah Rukh Khan is to be banned by MCA from entering the Wankhede Stadium for life following a clash with security.
Boy Field Hockey Star Wins Appeal to Play on Girl’s Team
ESPN - OTL: Bob Bradley, Egypt and soccer in the storm (xpost from r/mls)
SEC, Big 12 agree to bowl matchup if left out of four-team playoffs
The Staples Center will be hosting 2 home games each from the Lakers, Clippers, and Kings Thurs - Sun. Toss in the country's largest bike race on Sunday just for fun
Gatti-Ward I, the 'Fight of the Century', Ten Years Later
Bobby Valentine gets a chewing gum rebuttal from umpire during on-field argument | Big League Stew - Yahoo! Sports
What is the best near-comeback in sports history?
Wanted to post about the most ridiculous sumo basho in years, but /r/sumo is private??
Conference Realignment: Why the SEC-Big 12 bowl deal doesn't kill the ACC or create superconferences
InTouch Rugby covers Ulster &amp; Irish Rugby with a focus on grassroots rugby union. We also cover rugby league. 50-80 stories per week hit the front page of the site covering schools, club, province and country.
Bill Stewart, former West Virginia coach, dies of heart attack
The finest of all wines.
Notre Dame has 'contingency plans' if it leaves Big East
Russian Olympic Team bans Vodka!
David Clowney tweets HIV test results
NFL Players Association files suit vs. NFL, alleges collusion in 2010
SportsCenter Top 10 request.

Looking for a place where I can buy this same brand of ball in size II, in US Dollars. Help a guy out?
TCU's Del Conte Heads up the ACC Football Enemies List This Week
Olympics Fever
City demand fan gives title-winning ball back
First time I've ever thought Hmm, maybe I should move to New Jersey
Coach Hardin's tribute to Lee McNeill
Vanderbilt rides a rare triple steal to a ninth-inning five-run rally (video)
Danny Duffy (Royals pitcher) quits twitter... crazy-town ensues...
Optimistic story - Double-amputee Oscar Pistorius is working towards both the London Olympic and Paralympic Games
Nick Fairley of Detroit Lions arrested on DUI charge, attempting to elude police - ESPN
Driver walks away from big crash in Monaco
Porter Ridge Pirate Night
We Expect This From The National Media, Not From The Tampa Bay Times
Conference Realignment: A Clemson Fan's Take on Why the Tigers Should Probably Join the Big 12
Betting game for Wimbledon?
Bill Self makes sense as the next USA Olympic basketball coach. 
Ranking the 10 Craziest Discontinued Summer Olympic Sports | Bleacher Report
Ken Hawk Harrelson has on-air freakout, declares war on umpire Mark Wegner (video)
Scoops Callahan was humorous as an elephant eating a Charleston Chew.
French Open: Roger Federer sets record for Grand Slam wins
A friend's IAmA - ex-semi pro women's tackle football national all star having titanium rods, donor bone and screws placed in my spine to prevent paralysis for the second time. 31/f AMA (xpost)
Nick Lidstrom's first career hattrick 
Nick Lidstrom - 20 Seasons Video
New Orleans Saints kept a 'ledger' detailing weekly earnings in bounty scandal
First Mets no-hitter in 50+ years.  Congrats Johan Santana, and all the jaded Mets fans I know.
Sometimes I'm just embarrassed to be a Marlins fan
Tiger Woods Astounding Chip-In At 16 
Team doctors supplied Boogaard with more than 100 prescriptions
Remembering Cleveland's Muhammad Ali Summit, 45 years later
Ohio High School state track and field champion in the 1600 meter race gets more applause and gains more satisfaction from her last place finish in the 3200 meter race. (X-Post from /r/UpliftingNews)
What are sports stats, facts, or athletes that you believe the average person should know?
Great Hockey Doc.
Softball coach claims reverse discrimination after ousting because school insisted on hiring a woman
Girl on my news feed nailed it.
Fast Break First Down
High School Runner Carries Opponent Across Finish Line
Catching up with Kevin Everett. The Buffalo Bills player who nearly became a quadriplegic after a miscalculated kickoff tackle.
Even Florida has lost hope.
'We want to make Britain proud' - inspiring new video from Skandia Team GBR as they prepare for sailing success in 2012. 
Body Brain Training for Soccer
Anyone else see Clayton Kershaw almost take a ball to the face in Monday's game?
Justin Blackmon says he's done drinking.........for now
Alex Honnold solos Half Dome, The Nose on El Capitan, and Mt. Watkins (Yosemite's three biggest faces) in 18 hours
This amuses me: Deadspin has a story up now about how news stations are trying to contact Good Job, Good Effort Kid through comment sections.
New Jersey Devils Coach Peter DeBoer Will Not Be Distracted
Why You Should Work Outside
Tiger's niece, Cheyenne Woods, debuts with 3-over 75 in her LPGA pro debut
Watching the world turn upside down in the era of constant information
Australian Olympic swimmers criticized for Facebook gun photo
UFC Fighter, Nick Ring, rushes to aid of teenage couple being mugged. Chases suspects down and subdues them with help of anonymous bystander.
List of Michael Jordan career achievements. Wtf.
Laser Sailing
Jon Blais, what a bad ass..
30-For-30 STYLE SHOW:: USA OLYMPICS DOC SERIES//Tony Azevedo Worlds BEST WATER POLO PLAYER
Turns out Charles Barkley's softball swing is just as bad as his golf swing
Andrew Riley becomes first college athlete in history to win the NCAA Championship for both the 100m dash, and the 110m hurdles
The Dream Team 20th Anniversary
Finishes his race and disappears!
Anywhere where I can see footage of the fight?
Roger Clemens’ wife says she was one who sought HGH shot
FantasySP Timeline - View the timeline of your favorite professional athlete's career
Waiting for the John Cena vs. Floyd Mayweather match.  Should be a dozy. 
The real story behind I'll Have Another's Scratch from Belmont... (webcomic)
Taking sport to the next level... throw a dog on the field.
The hero's journey of Tiger Woods. 
Jerry Sandusky accuser testifies about 'soap battles,' abuse 
The Value of Statistics: How valuable are statistics really? A few ways to determine if statistics answer questions, are applicable to the situation, relevant or based on fraud.
Manny Pacquiao - Strength Training for Bradley Fight
An Oral History of the 1992 US Olympic Basketball Dream Team on the 20th Anniversary: Profiles: GQ
University of Connecticut basketball coach Geno Auriemma stalked and battered an NBA security official in Russia in 2009 on a trip with the U.S.A. Basketball team, then hurt her career after she rejected his advances, the woman claims in court.
The good, the bad and ugly of the NBA Finals
This guy plans to watch a football game in every college stadium (from /r/cfb)
Chris Bosh 'gives' $15k to film festival, gets trivia page in return
State of Origin 2 - Australia's Organised Rugby Brawl between NSW and QLD is tonight. Some highlights from previous years
Harry Reid calls for a state investigation into the Pacman-Bradley fight
Thousands of fans fooled by fake boxing account
Thinking of visiting Rosenblatt Stadium one last time? Don't. [Onions]
What they hell is happening to Football?
WBO to review Pacquiao-Bradley title bout.
Central Academy Cougars and a Hammer
Amazing video of the Kings celebrating their win -taken by a family friend from his first row seats at Staples
A gorgeous look at the Olympic Club - home of the 2012 US Open
Mets knuckleballer R.A. Dickey has straightened out his life and crooked-out his pitches
Ump Ted Barrett Behind Plate for 2nd Perfect Game (And Ump Runge Admits his Superstitions too)
Q&amp;A with the girl who wagged her fingers at Pat Riley in the crowd during Game 1 of the NBA Finals 
Bryce Harper answers all the big questions
Nick Watney sinks double eagle at US Open on the 17th
1lamp1 – Sports Edition - Usual &amp; Unusual Events
2012 U.S. Open Preview - The Olympic Club
  
What is required/how difficult is it to become a boxing/mma judge?
Chicago Bears cornerback Charles Tillman does not like a teacher's pro-Packers math!
A great project to support for Ultimate players
The Mets Consider A Quiet Section For Autistic Kids
Muhammad Ali invites man, wife and young daughter into his cabin while training for the Larry Holmes fight of 1980
kobe's overpaid
Mayweather Tops List Of The World's 100 Highest-Paid Athletes
Big Rivalries
Jen Utley and the Phillie Phanatic
Dodgers put new twist on the soldier surprise moment with Father’s Day first pitch
Goodell: If National football league grows, it'll add two more teams
After the David Nalbandian incident: Five infamous sporting assaults
Fox L.A. legal analyst on the Jerry Sandusky trial: He shot his wad (video)
Rangers Broadcaster Barnett OK After Bizarre On-Air Moment
With this, Ty Duffy of The Big Lead has written the most essential piece of sports commentary I've read in 2012. 
Even Yahoo knows the NHL messed up their awards show..
A True Badass: De Clercq Finish Tour de Suisse with a collapsed Lung.  12th in a mountain Stage, 14th overall.
Harry Reid is so hip
The New Orleans Hornets Already Have The No. 1 Pick, And They Just Made A Super Smart Trade.
Jimmy Kimmel sends Rajon Rondo and Tyson Chandler on a Skype scavenger hunt. (my xpost from r/videos)
Chipper's Trollface after an RBI double
ESPN Homerun Tracking. This has always blown my mind
College football finally closes in on a playoff system.
London 2012 Olympic torchbearer stops midway through relay to propose to his girlfriend
Goose Gossage: Clemens lied, doesn't belong in Hall of Fame
St Anthony's LI Lax Soars in CHAA Final Again
Ryan Leaf gets his sentence, asks for 10 years.
I recently started running and this video inspired me to be a courageous runner
Only some broken bones and he is ok!
ESPN's dominance in Cable Broadcasting is becoming more and more clear
Four-team playoff proposal heads into homestretch - Could this really be happening finally?
11 Best Trades In Chicago History | ChicagoSide
New York Mets' Frank Francisco calls New York Yankees 'chickens'  - ESPN New York
The Verdict Is In: Jerry Sandusky Found Guilty On All But Three Counts [UPDATE]
DAE think the picture of steaming Vince Wilfork after the Pats beat the Ravens in the AFC title game remind them of Judge Holden from Blood Meridian?
Can you put names to the young faces?


Italy vs England Penalty Kicks Full Video
Arizona Wildcats win national title with win over South Carolina Gamecocks
NASCAR Sprint Cup points leader Matt Kenseth to leave Roush Fenway Racing at the end of the season.
Cleveland Indians closer Chris Perez rehashes about Cleveland fans, this time to the New York Times
Olympic Trials Perfect TIE (Women's 100m)
It's about time
A four-team football playoff is approved!
Antonio Tarver tests positive for anabolic steroid - News | FOX Sports on MSN
Now that the BCS has fallen, what is the next thing that should be changed in sports?
EURO 2012 LIVE: Portugal 0, Spain 0 in semifinal - The Washington Post
Euro 2012 Italy vs Germany Preview with Expert Picks
NBA Finals: Give Russell Westbrook room to grow - The Washington Post
Baltimore Orioles reliever Darren O'Day found a unique solution for his commute to the field, the Solowheel. WSJ
RealGM Draft Night 2012: Latest news, rumors, trades, instant analysis and the actual selections as they happen in real time.
Andy Katz Is The Latest To Be Victimized By Bulging Dicks
Carmelo Anthony celebrates the unveiling of his wax statue at Madame Tussaud's Wax Museum. 
Rafael Nadal shocked at Wimbledon by world No. 100 Lukas Rosol.
Most liked Commissioner? 
The most inspirational speech ever!
The top athletes looking for an edge and the scientists trying to stop them
Lance Armstrong Has Now Been Formally Charged With Doping 
Lamar Odom goes home - TrueHoop Blog - ESPN
Coaches/Managers: what is the most important thing you look for in your athletes?
Jeneba Tarmoh passes on runoff; concedes 100m spot to Allyson Felix
Please help me identify these signed Jets footballs
Thoughts on Twitter [xpost from /r/hockey]
Groupama complete victory [of the Volvo Ocean Race] after epic eight-month journey.
Video of the full three-minute BBC Olympics promo trailer
Wimbledon line judge hit in face by 118mph serve, still makes call.
      - YouTube
They need to bring this back, The Alka Seltzer U.S Open of Competitive Eating
Phelps to swim in final Olympics
Sending sports equipment over seas.
Lakers land Steve Nash for draft picks - Yahoo! Sports
Green Bay Packers Super Bowl ring up for auction
Looking to buy a Xenith X2 football helmet from Norway.
Jason Kidd signs with Knicks - not Mavs
He's been through rain. He's been through torrential downpours . . . 100 degree heat. He's been propositioned for sex, drug deals and now . . . here's the approach.
Are the Pittsburgh Pirates in first place?
Mets fan who tripped and sent beer cups flying on live TV, in super-slow motion (video)
Fenerbahce president convicted by Turkish court for match-fixing in football
Miami Fox Affiliate Breathlessly Reports Heat Signing Of Ray Allen They Learned From A Fake Twitter Account
Watching Wimbledon tomorrow for the first time ever.
Ben Brown kayaking over a waterfall. HD
Padres Fan Gets Hit By Foul Ball Because He's Facebooking
Russian Door Surfing Champ
Okay sports fans, in lieu of Anderson Silva's recent decimation of Chael Sonnen I nominate him for Best Athlete in the World. Who would you argue for?
Thoughts on tennis, Title IX, and pride after an emotional Wimbledon weekend - Women in sports
Meeting Neil Leifer legendary sports photographer!
Jerry Sandusky's lawyer is answering questions now on Deadspin.
Why we raise our arms in victory
Trailer for Ballplayer: Pelotero, documentary produced by Bobby Valentine
Former FIFA president named in World Cup kickbacks case 
In Sports, winning streaks are just flukes - because humans are incredibly keen to detect patterns, in almost all forms
July 9th and 11th: the only 2 days of the year no MLB, NHL, NBA or NFL games scheduled...oh the humanity!
The Doping Scandals the Tour de France Can't Outrace - NYTimes.com
TIL of the Chicago College All-Star Game, where the Super Bowl winner played a team of college seniors, most of the time including the Heisman winner. The game was played every year from 1934 to 1976!
Two idiots running next to the riders tumble on the side of the road at the Tour de France
Profits Pour In for Packers- NYTimes.com
MJ laughs at Kobes comment that his team would beat the 92 dream team
Coolest Baseball Cards
2012 Olympics -- China-made Team USA uniforms ignite anger - ESPN
The Logocast Episode 1 - It Looks Like an Anus
Jerry Sandusky's attorney taking reader questions on Deadspin
Cleveland Browns Had to Overpay for Wide Receiver in NFL Supplemental Draft
Kyrie Irving challenges Kobe Bryant to a $50,000 game of one-on-one... trash talk ensues
Former New Orleans Saints Defensive Coordinator Gregg Williams says 'I will coach again'
MATTHEW B. MOWERY: Fister reverting to 2011 form is just the tonic the Tigers' rotation needs - theoaklandpress.com
NBC's Olympics coverage to offer all of London Games in real time on NBCOlympics.com, will have to verify they have either cable, satellite or Telco though.
The greatest shot in TSN history
Abandoned Stadium Commentary Firs Park
Graham Spanier, disgraced ex-Penn State president, epitomized NCAA hypocrisy. He allegedly hid Sandusky’s sex crimes while enforcing arcane NCAA rules.
Sports with 3: Cano Riding the Hot Stick
13 Minutes of Motor Racing in Ultra Slow Motion. &lt;3
Mickey Loomis Wiretapping Story.
Floyd Mayweather Jr- Highest Earning American Athlete
Baltimore Ravens and Running Back Ray Rice Agree to $40 Million deal
How Olympic Timekeeping Works
remarkable moments: decathlon
'Blue-Collar' Troy Polamalu Admits Lying Regarding his Concussions (estimates that 50-100 'bell ringings' occur annually)
Brand new Topps UFC Finest set Unveiled 
Figure Skating is The Most Masculine Sport in The History of Forever
Can we have a count of how many NFL players have been arrested in this past offseason?
Rafael Nadal joins PokerStars (with Portuguese subtitles)  - YouTube
Torchbearer gets tattoo to remember Oylmpics
Want to run in a fun Mud Run?  The Original Delaware Mud Run held at Frightland is really cool!
Removal of Paterno Statue Increases Likelihood of NCAA Sanctions for Lack of Institutional Control - Forbes
The blowhards at Augusta didn't let him in and everyone questioned him after. Augusta's 4th on my list of majors. Welcome Back Ernie Els!
All Olympic events will be streamed live from here starting July 25th
Tiger's Errant Drive At 11 Today Created A Thundering Herd Of Freaks
Ramadan and the Olympics: to fast or not to fast?
Runner without country to compete at Olympics - Olympics - ESPN
Penn State sanctions: $60M, bowl ban for their part in the Sandusky sexual abuse scandal.
NCAA and Penn State Penalty Agreement
Rio 2016 launches a font inspired by the logo 
After vacating JoePa's wins from '98 - '11, guess who was QB for PSU's last win? Yep. That guy: Mike McQueary.
Bobby Bowden (again) is the winningest football coach in NCAA history.
Is the UK really ready for what lies ahead? Olympic Security: A Herculean Task
Good question: Should Oscar Pistorius's Prosthetic Legs Disqualify Him from the Olympics?
What are some examples of pro athletes using another sport to improve their play in the sport they specialize in?
Ostrich Racing...yes, ostrich racing.
29 years ago Brett went kind of crazy.  Enjoy the moment as us Royals fans haven't had much to cheer for since.
Universal Sports caves to cable/sat providers.  Please someone grow some balls and stand up to these guys!
Ride The Tour De France - Tour de France vacation

Athlete ousted from Olympics for Twitter comment
I'm giving away one team of your choice for the best product description in five words or less!
In a practice jump today, Felix Baumgartner leaps from 96,640 feet (29,456 meters) above southeastern New Mexico.
Greek triple jumper booted off Olympic team in disgrace after she mocked African immigrants on Twitter
World's coolest zip lines
An in-depth look at the design of the London 2012 Olympic stadium
Websites,twitter accounts,RSS feeds for the Olympics
Man rides rickshaw for 2 years from China to London for Olympics
My Unofficial 2012 Olympics Opening Ceremonies Drinking Game
The perfect Olympic sport for Reddit: All it needs is a governing board.
Usain Bolt versus cheetah - Animal Olympians: Nature's track and field stars
In the U.S.? Want to watch the Olympic opening ceremony live? This link is for you!
Is Team Great Britain a ridiculous idea?
Olympic Streaming ?
Falling For Fun:  New Record
Hey reddit, check out this Olympic Flag-Tag game created by social enterprise Socialvest.  Every tag equals a donation to the Special Olympics.  Game On!
Inside the first round of your fantasy draft: the busts and the sleepers
Fencer robbed of possible gold medal after technical error by referee
What sports should be removed/added from the Olympics?
Oh No!! What will the NFL do?
The Physiology of Altitude Training-Why Olympic Athletes Train in the Mountains
The Art of Torkin
Why Wrestlers Make the Best Employees
Rangers Just Landed Dempster
Is there a website I can go to for Olympic coverage for today without giving away what will appear on prime time?
Q: Any sports that naturally cause you to bulk up?
Kobe Bryant may have found an alternate tri-angle offense | Sports &amp; Fitness Plus
Tax payers fund questionable Royals expenses
Fixing badminton?
Sparkle Motion | Rhythmic gymnastics. You don't think it's a real sport? Think again. It's physically tough, highly competitive. And with its own distinct culture: An ancient, complex civilization made up entirely of 12-year-olds named Bethany
University of Montana quarterback Jordan Johnson was charged with rape on Tuesday, becoming the second member of the team to face such charges amid investigations by U.S. authorities 
As a Physical Educator this is the message that I want to relay to my students, to my athletes, to everyone that I meet.
9.79* - good looking trailer for latest 30 for 30 film
Against All Odds, You 'Swim Your Own Race'
Short documentary of the combat veteran who is getting to play college football this year.
Philly trip
BALCO founder Victor Conte, now an anti-doping advocate, arrives at the London Olympics to work with American boxer Marlen Esparza
Worst MLB Free Agent Signings in the Last 20 Years. Who is on your list?
Exciting News from Olympic Women's Basketball!
Check out r/baseballcirclejerk-The Official Tim McCarver Fan Club
Errol Spence Jr is a true Olympic athlete
Do you have to fill out any forms to be drafted for pro teams (I'm talking about the NFL, NBA, and MLB mainly) or can teams just pick anyone even if they have not expressed interest in being drafted?
The story of the first female athlete from Saudi Arabia
Too many of Britain's top sportsmen and women were educated privately, the country's Olympic chief has said.
Can any track folks tell me why ALL of the sprinters seem to be wearing the same shoes at the olympics?
Already a winner
Blade Runner of 2012 Olympics Oscar Pistorious - Video Forward
Australia will hold an independent review after leaving London 2012 with their worst Olympic medal tally in swimming for 20 years. 
Education Minister in Britain sells 21 school sports fields in 2 years running up to Olympics
The Good, the Bad and the Ugly of the Olympics: Day 11
Seven of Cameroon's Olympic competitors have disappeared from their official residence and may attempt to seek asylum in Britain.
U.S. boxing continues its fall: A sport that used to matter in America continues its fall to irrelevance as Americans are eliminated from medal contention for the first time ever. 
Chicago Bulls Luol Deng doesn't expect surgery before camp
How much has each medal cost the British Olympic Association so far?
Red Sox broadcasters Don Orsillo &amp; Jerry Remy try, and fail, to figure out how a lightsaber works (video)
CQB Tactical Paintball - Rifle vs Bow
With Olympic Freestyle wrestling about to kick into full gear, here's a video of what you'll be missing if you don't tune in
Submitted my first article as a contributor. Let me know what you think *wince*
Being a childhood sports fan enhances your general knowledge. Here are some examples.
Penn State Fans Playing Victim Card With Anti-NCAA T-Shirts | The Big Lead
Shannon Eastin: First Female To Officiate an NFL Game 
North American Metropolises by Number of Sports Championships
Houston has true fans despite a dismal record. Maniac Mike gets the few spectators moving, much to the chagrin of Nationals fans
Bmx Day Edit
The Logocast Episode 4 - Brought to you by the Letter W (with special guest designer Kris Bazen)
My Andrew Bynum Laker Jersey...What shall be it's fate?
LSU: Heisman hopeful Mathieu, aka 'Honey Badger,' dismissed for breaking team rules.
Les Miles pictured right after announcing he'd have to kick Tyrann Mathieu off the team for drugs...
LSU kicks Tyrann Mathieu off team
USC Trojans' Lane Kiffin responds to USA Today revealing his coaches' poll vote  
Question about the Howard trade
NY Mets Calendar Girl Contest
Anyone else expect that yellow Reliant Robin to tip over during the closing olympic ceremony?
Kobe Bryant, Lebron James and Kevin Durant put team U.S.A. on their backs and brought home the Gold | Sports &amp; Fitness Plus
Chad 'Ochocinco' Johnson released from jail after allegedly head-butting his wife
What are some ideas for an awesome Fantasy (American) Football league name?
If you're a fan of sports, this is a must watch!
Market values for all the players in the 2012 Olympic football/soccer gold medal game
Year Of The Woman At The London Games? For Americans, It's True

Question about sprinting records improvement
Spectacular crash at Pikes Peak International Hill Climb 2012
      - YouTube
NHLPA to push for expanded revenue sharing model, changes to salary cap system
I watched the pretty much the entire Olympics (Except the opening and closing ceremonies. Later for those.)
I'm trying to find vintage sports highlights. Can anyone help me?
Best sports moment?
Why Your Team Sucks 2012: Cleveland Browns
Tyrann Mathieu has been in rehab since Monday and will remain there instead of attending classes
Alberto Contador
AGEN SBOBET : De Rossi Masuk Dalam Radar City
Major League Baseball to test replay
I know the sports world cant stand Skip Bayless, but has his own network decided he has gone too far? Production mistake or Censorship?
Photo Gallery ~ Notre Dame's new look for Miami Hurricanes game - southbendtribune.com
Ryan Lochte, you've got to be kidding me.
Joe Posnanski Says He Told Joe Paterno He Should Have Done More To Stop Jerry Sandusky
Augusta National Golf Club, Home of the Masters Golf Tournament, has named its first female members.
[Discussion]  With the nature of the NFL and its contract structure, is DeSean Jackson to blame for his actions last season?  I am interested in hearing people's opinions on this one.
Tejay van Garderen wins stage, takes lead in 2012 USA Pro Challenge
Just imagine the block of water above his head!
Kudos to FOX Sports for eviscerating Skip Bayless
Mike Francesca ERUPTS over the Mets! 
ESPN - Chael Sonnen rips Jon Jones over not taking the fight, makes very good points.
6’11, 500lbs: Biggest football player ever?
Floyd Mayweather says he's bored at the top.
Just keeps coming- Three Rays minor leaguers suspended after testing positive for testosterone
Pete Carroll: The Billy Beane of the NFL
Lance Armstrong stripped of medals, titles and prize money for doping.
Real or not, this was entertaining to say the least. 
MMA meets Arm Wrestling
Official: U.S. Anti-Doping Agency to slap Armstrong with lifetime ban, loss of titles - CNN.com
Fox Sports Compares Skip Bayless to Kim Kardashian over his comments about Jeter and hilarity ensues.
Lance Armstrong and his competitors' drug-testing records 1999 - 2005. 
Adrian Gonzalez, Carl Crawford, Josh Beckett nearing Boston Red Sox exit to Los Angeles Dodgers
Kenny Fuckin' Powers
Motor Patterns – They are all about us but we tend to be poor in their execution
aussie rules' greatest hits
Game Day in Oxford, Mississippi
ESPN's $5.6 billion MLB deal strikes out competition - Media Bite | Video | Reuters.com
Was able to do some catching up with MMA Michelle Waterson - The Karate Hottie
Ohio State T-Shirt Mocks Penn State / Sandusky Scandal « CBS Philly
Man falls to death in the Texans-Vikings game
NCAA and majors for athletes
No, they weren't asking Tom Brady to model UGG boots when he was 10. Maybe because he looked like this.
Matt Kenseth Lands NASCAR Ride At Joe Gibbs Racing For 2013 And Beyond
How the term corralling is used
What are some idiosyncrasies/traditions about certain sports that you've grown to love? or even hate?
Roger Noll of Stanford University talks about the economic effects of stadium subsidies, the labor market for athletes, the business side of college sports, and more.
Stevie Johnson's Street games
Remarkable story about Chad Jones, former LSU and New York Giants player.
Vikings Punter Chris Kluwe: Not just a Redditor, also a writer for Deadspin.
2006: Trevor Linden's last game (crosspost - r/hockey)
3 peaks challenge , information and advice on the UK's no. 1 mountain challenge
New World Record of 12.80 in 110m Hurdles by Olympic champion Aries Merritt of USA
Al Pacino Will Play Joe Paterno In A Proposed Movie Based On Joe Posnanski's Book
The Paralympics are amazing.  I sat in my car when I got home to listen to this story of a wounded veteran who won gold 1 year after being blinded by a bomb. 
How Instant Replays Changed Professional Tennis - Ashley Fetters - The Atlantic
Huge injury at Tulsa-Tulane game
Tulane Football Player Seriously Hurt In Collision
Louisiana-Monroe shocks No. 8 Arkansas 34-31 in overtime win
California MMA fighter Jarrod Wyatt, accused of ripping out friend’s heart and tongue, pleads guilty to murder 

Tulane Safety Breaks Neck - his Coach says: It was tremendous that they finished the game, as I thought about just saying, 'Hey look, let's not do anything else. Let's just get on the road and go.'
Brandon McCarthy tweets! Great post-surgical sign from pitcher still in danger | Big League Stew - Yahoo! Sports
Steve Young Being Steve Young
Apparently this is a trend in sports ownership groups...
Is Peyton Manning his old self?
Walter Payton: Sweetness
Shhhh!!! Jay Cutler is Working Here!
Broncos Receivers Keep Forgetting They Can Run Farther Than 5 Yards Downfield On Passing Plays
Women's singles latest
My favorite video of Anderson Varejao flopping
NBA and NHL a step closer in Seattle.
How Sports Would Be Better With Doping
Downhill inline speed-skating on open roads at 55mph
Ultimate Brian Scalabrine highlight video.
J.J. Watt says he picked up the Dolphins snap count from ‘Hard Knocks’ 
 Erin DiMeglio makes history at South Plantation High School - espnW
My high school football team was out scored 187-20 in their first 3 games and just disbanded the team.
offside or offsides? The BBC says offside(in soccer)
UCONN Men's Basketball Coach Jim Calhoun Expected to Retire Thursday
Flooded UNLV parking lot gets Wakeboarded.
Spanish footballers find work in Hong Kong
Dustin Pedroia leaves game after learning that his wife is in labor (Video) | Big League Stew - Yahoo! Sports
John Henry denies report he's considering selling Red Sox
Taking sports autographs into the digital age
Sports owners are the dumbest people on Earth.  NHL owners 100% to lockout if no new deal, have learned nothing from last time.
Muhammad Ali Receives Liberty Medal For Humanitarian Work For Civil Rights, Religious Freedom
Anywhere to watch Rugby in America?
Rules Question From the End of Today's Eagles-Ravens Game
Families Continue to Heal 30 Years After Title Fight Between Ray Mancini and Duk-koo Kim.
9 time DIII Wrestling Champion Coach Jim Miller will step down at the end of the season.
Ticketmaster is vying to replace StubHub as the site where fans can officially resell their Major League Baseball tickets. 
15 time world champion: darts
American plummets to cliff diving victory | Video | Reuters.com
Ichiro hits a grounder into pitcher Jarrod Parker's shirt.
In the move Hoosiers, why does Coach Dale make them pass 4 times before shooting?
Just ask coach Jim Harbaugh 
8 year-old decimates entire defense, scores amazing touchdown in junior football game (video)
NFL losing credibility with each blown call by replacement refs 
Ferrari is not setting a deadline for when to decide Felipe Massa's future.
Lingerie Football League Announces That It Fired “A Couple Crews Which Apparently Are Now Officiating In The NFL” Because Of Incompetence
The Economics of the Sports Industry
FIRE THIS ASSHOLE
Reporter spends three days in the most boring place in sports, the bullpen.
Please nfl players help the fans by backing up the real referees
On second thought they should keep the refs locked out....
How long has it been since you sat back and watched some Lawrence Taylor?
I cant wait for the Taiwanese version of the Packers/Seahawks ending - their video recreations are usually funny
Lang says Packers discussed extreme measures on flight home | ProFootballTalk Possibly kneeing every single offensive play
Green Bay TV Station Makes fun of NFL
Doper Gagne Style
Jay Hopson is now the first white head football coach in SWAC history
Replacement Referees and the N.F.L. Dictatorship : The New Yorker
A 55-minute baseball game took place 86 years ago today. Hall of Fame first baseman George Sisler, who played and managed, came in as a pitcher and earned the save.
Cycling Pit Stop
Deion Sanders at batting practice with the Orioles.
Red Mountain Expansion!!!
Good sportsmanship. Miroslav Klose scores a goal with his hand and tells the referee to disallow it.
Wait, it would only cost $100K per team to get the real NFL refs back?
Football stadium transformation timelapse: Two different sports over consecutive nights. Pretty cool!
Adam Greenberg finally gets another shot! (Tonight!)
why is it that college football defenses get more tired than the offenses?
Backwards, over-the-head, game-tying 2-point conversion
Kids' football team hit with bounty scandal
So that's what a real sports highlight show looks like. 
The Bakersfield (Calif.) Condors minor league hockey team originally billed its Dec. 27 game against the Stockton Thunder as Our City Isn't Bankrupt Night - a reference to Stockton's filing for Chapter 9 protection in June 
Want to watch NRL Grand Final online
Mark Giangreco interview
New Orleans Saints kicker Garrett Hartley talks about the clutch kick he misses that would have put the Saints ahead late in the game against Green Bay (video)
20 Years of Losing Seasons - The saddest video I've ever seen.
Battle of The Piney Woods Rivalry Extended At Reliant
Cy Young Candidate R.A. Dickey pitched most of season with torn muscle in side
Teddy Wins Washington Nationals Presidents Race But Is Disqualified By Screech - YouTube
What to do with the Miami/Boston manager situation
Sports On TV: The Simpsons’ 20 Greatest Golden Age Sports Moments - (yeah, the site is kinda crappy, but the writing and nostalgia are well worth it)
Number Never Lie similarities of Mark Sanchez this year and Kyle Orton last year. 
Inside Larry Ellison's Insane Plan to Turn America's Cup Into a TV Spectacle 
U.S. Speedskater Admits To Sabotaging Rival's Skates : NPR
Dave Wannstedt's Wikipedia Page
TIL only 2 games in NFL history have ended with a score of 2-0, the first was the Packers over the Bears in 1932, the second was the Bears over the Packers in 1938 [x-post from r/todayilearned]
When sports stars were just a stamp and a letter away (NY Times)
Tracy Mcgrady Joins Chinese Team - Mispells Stephen A. Smith
The most talented hand balancer I have ever met.
How Lance Armstrong Beat Cycling’s Drug Tests
“Wedding Bouquet Touchdown Pass” is Exactly What it Sounds Like [Video]
How Lance Armstrong Beat Cycling’s Drug Tests - NYTimes.com
Blame the broom lady.
49ers Harbaugh Calls Out NYG Gilbride on Justin Smith Comments, 'Outrageous....&amp; an Attempt to Influence Officiating'
#1 Orioles Fan
40th anniversary of '72 Summit Series books reviewed: Personal and Public Memory, Myth, and a New Canada
Chess Boxing: Four minutes of speed chess, two rounds of boxing, four more minutes of speed chess … and on it goes until someone gets knocked out in the ring, or checkmated on the board.
Red Bull Stratos
Details of slayings recalled at football player's hearing 
Alabama, Florida 1-2 in BCS
Former U.S. Olympic BMX team member Kyle Bennett killed in auto accident - ESPN
Challenger Emile Griffith - A remarkable and moving story of a different age
How much would it cost to go to the 2014 World Cup?
Just a quick question: In basketball, does bouncing the ball off the backboard for your teammate that is following you count as an assist?
Nike drop sponsorship deal with Lance Armstrong
NBA to clamp down on pre-game routines
Huge block/dunk by Jeremy Evans in the Jazz/Clippers preseason game
Detroit Coke TIGER!  world series 2012
World Cycling Body Strips Armstrong of Titles
Victory Dance:  It's Over, Baby!---by Sum of Squares
Chris Cooley passes physical, officially back with Redskins
My brother met his lifetime idol Jim Abbott last week...here's his story
Less than 120 pounds, and they're still hitting each other hard enough to warrant concussions.
Sad:  A 5-Concussion Pee Wee Game Leads to Penalties for the Adults
Nike Ad: Seismograph in the stadium
Donna Vekic - The Future of Women's Tennis
Jim Harbaugh delivers the Quote of the Year from an NFL coach. Hilarious. 
Aaron Rodgers' latest photobomb...and possibly his best.
Check out my first radio appearance ever! On my cake day to boot!
Derek Hunter 2012 Highlights thru Game 7 - YouTube
Iguodala focused on improving self
Bears' fan drink all the beer from a Nashville bar
How much does it cost to switch a sports arena from hockey to basketball?
r/Sports: An invitation to join me for a fun gift exchange
Jason Bay and Mets split
Several players from the Indianapolis Colts shave their head in honor of their Head Coach, Chuck Pagano, who is currently receiving Chemotherapy.
Floyd Mayweather, 50 Cent offered $5 million to fight
Bold prediction for Cutler this week
Remember when you were a kid and you dreamed you could fly?  This is the closest you can get to flying like a bird!
Owen Regrets Daniel..wtf?
Sylvester Stallone back in the ring Saturday at Wladimir Klitschko heavyweight title fight
I need your help with some sports commentators /r/sports!
Can we please have AFL team logos for our names?

Im sure Australian's would appreciate it!
Baltimore Ravens Torrey Smith: Expectations and Success, Intermingled with Life's Pain 
Would a pitching staff of nothing but relief pitchers work?
Man ejected from last night's Bills game, found dead this morning.
Lock out Bettman
Waterlogged Rugby
So, Kansas State is about to lose...
Les Miles' hilarious press conference after win against Ole Miss.
Stanford vs. Oregon - 2012-11-17  - NCAA College Football Score - SI.com
No. 13 Stanford ruins No. 1 Oregon's perfect season
If you haven't seen this goal, you are missing something spectacular
Everything about the Pac-12 is fucked...
US Grand Prix: Lewis Hamilton leads calls for FIA to scrub grid to scrap racing line advantage
Kendo 剣道 with Highspeed camera
Cyclists describe doping culture within U.S. Postal team during Armstrong’s record run
Off the hand, off the helmet and nothing but catch
Hardest teams to cheer for?
Sporting history: The first Parallel Parking Championship
End of an era-- Cal finally fires Tedford
Red Bull Crashed Ice track being constructed in Niagara Falls, Ontario for race next week
Hector 'Macho' Camacho shot
Jockey Ramon Dominguez Is Cool, Calm and Collecting Millions - NYTimes.com
Oh news app, you had one job!! 
Sean Woods of Morehead State Eagles suspended for one game  
Not mine but in my defense I was about to make the exact same meme
Wales vs All Blacks Rugby Highlights 2012 - 12:40
Knicks Pump Pistons, Stay Unbeaten At Home
Jamie Foxx and Chris Bosh
Mark Cuban rips NBA-branded Power Bracelets, throws locker room display in the trash
LB Ray Lewis could rejoin Ravens Week 15
Johnny Manziel of Texas A&amp;M Aggies calls Heisman-worthy season 'incredibly surreal'  
Better than creatine monohydrate for quick gains in size and strength
Spurs sitting -1/2 game back.  As in, minus a half game.  I get the math, it's just rare to see in standings
Jamaal Charles of Kansas City Chiefs got Peyton Manning's autograph after loss to Denver Broncos 
Chicago Bears WR Brandon Marshall says players use Viagra to get a performance edge (xpost from /r/NewsOfTheWeird)
Hey /r/Sports Fans, if you are not in the /nba or /heat subs then you are missing the free Final Score Contests, come enter your guess and win prizes!
Don't know if you've followed K-State, but this is a great vid regardless of how you take the LOTR parts  
Student sent home for haircut
Notre Dame's jerseys vs. Kentucky
Well, this is a bit awkward:  Morgan State football coach finds out in accidental email that school is looking to replace him
Charles Barkley Falls Asleep on Set
David Stern stumbles again in his failed culture war against the Spurs, fines franchise $250K - Yahoo! Sports
75 amazing sports photographs from the past year
9-MAN — a streetball battle in the heart of Chinatown by Ursula Liang — Kickstarter
Rising sports programming costs could have consumers crying foul. Nearly half of the monthly cable or satellite bill goes to sports channels. Escalating prices are triggering worries that subscribers will start walking away.
Google Calendar of the 2012-2013 Bowl Games
Rex Ryan (somehow, with a straight face): I've got three quarterbacks I feel good about. I think we're in a lot better situation than probably a lot of teams. 
India faces Olympic ban 
Humans are winning, but at least the deer weren't shut out
NHL, the love of the game, or money? Fans, REVOLT please.
Great video on the Pacquaio Marquez fight
Who should be awarded the NFL's Comeback Player of the Year: Peyton Manning or Adrian Peterson?
reddit Athletic Apparel: Store Now Open! 
NHL cancels all games through December 30
Eric Wallace, former DePaul basketball player, is trying out for an Aussie Rules team.
Recent paintball outing @ SC Village, CA. 10+ kills.
Are big veins a sign of Hypertension (High Blood Pressure), or does it mean you have got low body fat?
Pretty great article by John Smallwood rebuking Rob Parker's RGIII comments
Maybe they should just stick with the Hornets
Televisa:Enjoy Marco Antonio Rubio vs Michel Rosales live boxing online stream
The Champions League rehearsal draw came up with the exact same matchups as the real draw. This video was posted yesterday, the draw was today.
Bowie Picked Over Jordan: Forgiven Because of Greg Oden.  Great Read.
Who should win rookie of the year RG3 or Andrew Luck? Who will have the better career? 
Adrian Peterson is Going for it All
Bengals vs. Texans live stream
Ray Lewis announces plan to retire after the playoffs 
NFL Chart: It's play-off time. Every yard matters.
Has anyone ever been spoken to in a sporting environment like this? Inspiring...
Even Barkley knows what's up...

TIL Russell Wilson was on a Rockies minor league team for 2 years
MAT KEARNEY - CHIP DON'T GO! University of Oregon. Best song ever.
Hobart Hurricanes v Adelaide Strikers: Big Bash League 2012-13
You're probably not as good at ping-pong as you think you are. Exhibit A. [VID]
Syracuse Orange Beat South Florida 55-44, Triche Finishes Strong
No sight? No problem. Blind wrestler hits the mats in Maine.
Woody: I think Rex is perfect for the NY Jets.  He's just like a NY Jets fan, he's smart &amp; sophisticated
RGIII to undergo surgery this week on torn LCL
There's a chance for me yet!
No one will be admitted to the Baseball Hall of Fame from the writer’s ballot this season
Guy with no arms plays Table Tennis with his mouth and foot
Must have been a slow sports day
We are all fortunate for having seen this man play the game
A Sports Illustrated story on PEDs. From 1969.
The Pro Football Hall of Fame names 17 finalists for 2013 class.
Goals of the week
Michelle Beadle is curious about Honey Nut Cheerios [video]
Tim Tebow’s brother trolls the entire city of Denver, because if they had Tebow, they wouldn't have lost that game...you can't lose a game you're not in.
Autopsy shows Jovan Belcher was legally intoxicated during K.C. tragedy
Incredible Half-Court Shot 
It's a shame that nobody believed him for such a long time. (x-post from r/bicycling)
Lehtera sick penalty shot - YouTube
The Remarkable, Inspiring Story of Conner and Cayden Long - SI's 2012 Sportskids of the Year
Taking into account MLB, NBA, NFL and NHL teams, has any city ever had a better championship year than Pittsburgh in 1979?
Oh, how things have changed (fixed)
TRI - A New Sport Featuring Three Teams with Rugby and Lacrosse-like Rules
Manti Te'o says he's the victim of girlfriend hoax
High School player hits 17 3 pointers in a single game.
Nike coach: My interactions with Lance Armstrong
Manti Te'o tragic loss turned out to be hoax. Strangest situation I can ever remember in sports.
Boston Mayor at it again. Brought me to tears...
Ghost Riders: With the Lance Armstrong era over, a generation of cyclists who insisted on racing clean comes to terms with what was lost
How should the Lakers Feel? How about confused?
NBA Graph of Douchbaggery
I couldn't choose one over the other.
What hurts more, to make it deep in the playoffs and lose, or to not make the playoffs at all?
New Study Finds Brain Damage in Living Ex-NFL Players
“Monster” Mike Schultz has medaled several times at the X Games. Even more impressive: He did it wearing a prosthetic leg he built himself out of mountain-bike parts.
Looking for advice for playing basketball/football after repeatedly tearing ACL from a guy in southern oklahoma
McLain, Newhouser, Greenberg and other amazing Detroit athletes only Wikipedia and your grandpa would know
Anyone ever seen this hobby/sport...much less attempted it? 
A 101-year-old Sikh regarded as the world's oldest marathon runner will quit after one final run at next month's Hong Kong race
Rich Eisen is too damn funny for his own good, but he's also very good when serious is called for.
Muhammad Ali and Airplanes – Hysterical Interview
Former Raider, Niner charged with assault stemming from argument over soy sauce and underpants.
Watts Zap Featuring Australian Open 2013( Very Funny)
Obama unsure if he'd let his son play football
very funny RAY LEWIS video. He should HAVE to answer this stuff.
A fascinating read from 1997 given everything we now know about the Steroids Era in baseball
NBA -- O.J. Mayo of Dallas Mavericks should not have been called for foul - ESPN Dallas
Cleveland Cavaliers 'high' on Greg Oden's list of teams
Do you care about your health &amp; fitness levels? If so, please take this short survey for our grad project. Do it, and we'll think you're awesome.
I think highly enough about these kind of fins to recommend them to anybody searching for the best to go swimming with fins. These are great if you are new and learning how to swim with fins or for advanced bodysurfers and bodyboarders. 
Macedonians are in Town - 2013 - 
The Suit &amp; Tie Series : Countdown Day 8 : 2013 Superbowl : New Orleans
The Velvet Couch: Day 9 : 2013 Superbowl : New Orleans
To believe or not to believe: Alex Rodriguez has little to gain with another lie
Different styles, same winning results for Super Bowl QBs Joe Flacco, Colin Kaepernick
Evolution of the NFL lineman
Erin Sharoni moderates debate between Tiki Barber, Ricky Watters and Yahoo! Sports' Jeff Passan. Listen to their Super Bowl predictions.
Greg LeMond recovering after car crash in Minnesota
Facebook Data Science Maps NFL Fans
My high school's swim team continued their incredible 50 year win streak. I was apart of 46-48. This has to be some sort of record.
I know this will never happen due to risk of injury...but how cool would it be if they held an annual game of the best NFL players against the best Rugby players in a game of Rugby?
Brett Favre and Aaron Rodgers pose for a photo together backstage at the NFL Honors show. 
Aaron Rodgers and Brett Favre present Comeback Player of the Year Award to Peyton Manning
Adidas's brilliant sock design to commemorate RGIII's rookie of the year award.
5 Year Old BMX-er from Illinois, wins Indiana State Qualifier Race. 16 Trophies, 3 States, 3 Months ! 
Top 10 Sports Practice Moments
Adrian Peterson came back from a torn ACL and MCL, to come within 9 yards of the all time rushing record, and win the NFL MVP award. This is an amazing video of the comeback.
Superbowl XLVII MVP: Blackout?
If you're an aspiring Sportswriter, Read and Learn as Bill Barnwell shreds just about every Journalistic Cliche to pieces in his Great Superbowl Roundup.
From Jimmy Kimmel Live: Cousin Sal consoles 49ers fans [x-post from r/nfl]
Neymar: King of Instagram - Happy Bday! To celebrate here are all your instagram photos in one long ass video 
TIL There's such thing as a free kick in the NFL, and it almost happened in this Sunday's Superbowl.
Chip Townsend Breaks 3 Baseball Bats in One Shin Strike at the 2012 US Open ISKA Championship
Cardinals Chris Carpenter Will Not Pitch During 2013
What is /r/sports opinion on the player safety in the 
NFL?
Manti Te'o Interview - THE HIP-HOP REMIX
Der Spiegel gives deeper insigh into Soccer match fixing scandal
Lawyer: Lance not on hook for $12M
The NFL Could Have Avoided a Super Bowl Blackout, Says Amazon Engineer
Buzzer-Beater lifts Newton High (Ct.) to victory on senior night
Intro video for the University of Alaska Hockey team
The Beast that is Martin Brodeur
Report: Cavaliers prepared to offer Greg Oden  Two-year deal

Auburn vs Georgia Oct 16 2010
Insane Half Court Buzzer Beater
While watching the HalfTime Report on ESPN...
Red Sox prospect Bryce Brentz shoots himself in the leg while cleaning a loaded weapon.
Irish and Cardinals play the longest game in Big East regular-season history. Irish win 104-101 after 5 OTs.
XAVI PADEL PROJECT 08
Kate Upton might have landed the cover of SI Swimsuit edition 2 years in a row. Proof inside...
What record do you think when broken was smashed the most.
Full court three point shot goes in after one bounce on the floor. 
Wrestling Dropped From Olympics
URULE of the NITE: Doug Anderson Alley-Oop Almost Takes the Rim Off
Sandip Roy: Goodbye Wrestling: How the IOC Betrayed Its Olympic Soul
Debate: More impressive, Kobe's 81 vs Jordan's 63?
Cutting Wrestling - How this shows IOC's cares more about money than sport.
least favorite &amp; most favorite ESPN analyst or personality (please elaborate on responses)
Interview with Kyle Barber, the creator of MVP Tracker - a new social network intended to connect sports enthusiasts 
Nats practice interrupted by fish falling from the sky
How much of that verbal charisma we see from goalies every game is scolding their players as opposed to just talking shit?
NBA All Star Weekend Slam Dunk Contest
Have fun and meme this. This ring girl is famous on youtube right now.
Fight for future of American sports gambling officially begins in New Jersey courtroom
ROSE BOWL  TEXAS v. Michigan
Family of Oscar Pistorius 'strongly refutes' murder charge
Ameka Akaya Dunk- St. Maria Goretti High School Basketball
Used to be a fan. Titles just make you laugh now.
Tyler Perry's essay for Sports Illustrated on Oscar Pistorius is chilling in retrospect: His story is still being written.
Michael Jordan Turns 50
Ben McLemore 360 dunk VS. Texas. 
Excellent summary of the Paterno vs. Freeh reports
Darren Rovell does not understand that he is hated.
Does anyone know the song that played at the beginning of each MJ50 segment on SportsCenter?
Carey Price makes a glove save... while sitting on the bench.
Anyone else try to enjoy a sport, but can never do so?
surprised Tebow is not on this list...
Jose Canseco explains gravity
Magic Fan halftime halfcourt shot on Tuesday 
Snow just outside Tucson, Arizona delays play at the Accenture Match Play
Is this P. J. Carlesimo or Latrell Sprewell's former school? What's the big deal calling a game a choke job?
Shaq All-Star Memories
Robert Guerrero says Floyd Mayweather Jr. 'ripe for the picking'
US Department of Justice joins lawsuit against Lance Armstrong
Cheerleader makes a front flip basketball shot
Female In The Pits: Christmas Abbott Is Set To Enter Where Few Women Have Gone Before
Terps Coach Turgeon Encouraged By Lack Of Turnovers In 72-59 Win Over Clemson
NFL sticks with status quo for 40-yard dash timing because they afraid of them being slower than they thought.
Have you ever heard of quidditch? Like the real one?
Tom Brady is winning on Facebook
Top 5 Most popular sports in America 2013
Dennis Rodman worms his way into... North Korea?
Analyst: ‘Belichick Could Take A Flyer On Tebow’ To Tweak The Jets.  Could that really happen?
How to play tennis 
Why a private prison company should not have naming rights to Florida Atlantic's stadium.
Athetes Charity Exposé in Boston Globe (A-Rod, Beckett, Boldin, etc)
Raptor's Mickael Pietrus distracting reporters
The top ten weirdest fights in sports - Video
Texas buzzer beater over OU to get to OT and the eventual win
D-League Guard Dunks Over 7-Foot-5 Defender
One legged Telemark - Nordic Ski WM 2013
Jon Miller, announcer for San Francisco Giants, on NPR's Wait Wait... Don't Tell Me!. (x-post, r/baseball)
Joe Flacco makes an average of $168,908 each day of the regular season for the next six years.
Do you guys know of any good sports blogs? I found out about this Sportezo site, any others? Thanks
NFL's First Female Kicker's Tryout Falls Short
Video: This is what all Hockey Fights would look like if Roger Goodell ran the NHL instead of the NFL
Kobe
Help our show out! We need feedback and viewers! We have predicted multiple turnouts and have great analysis! Check us out!
Reinventing the Empire - Leadership and Globalization in Sports - Robb Heineman, CEO, Founder of Sporting KC -- Robert J. Dole Institute of Politics
Floor Cleaner Gets BEANED in the Head with Basketball at NBA Game
Action! White Water Athlete! Want to see sweet video??
Mike Vick cancels book signing amid death threats. So, it's ok to kill humans, just not animals, right?
I think this is how the Cardinals elect the pope
Herschel Walker-No Excuses
Brilliant motivational video about athlete Herschel Walker.
Help would be appreciated!
2013 Minnesota State High School Hockey Tournament Highlights
Why is Dennis Rodman in Rome? To Promote The Cardinal from Ghana - Nah! It's really a PR Stunt funded by an Irish bookie!
Illinois state championship game marred by accusations of racism | Also, the worse article ever written (Grammar)
Israel Garcia American Ninja Warrior 2013 Submission Video 
Cracking addiction and the Olympic Dream. How one US olympian used sister's drug addiction to get him to London
Jay Mariotti's 1st Column for ESPN: Los Angeles Lakers' Kobe Bryant running the show
News Adult Skaters Can Use! [VIDEO] Check out the cool resources for figure skaters over the age of 30
16 yr old nephew just drained a 75 footer at the buzzer. Shot at 0:36
When ever I see the Dominican Baseball Team with their Plantain this comes to mind.
Italian football manager attacks one of his players after he got sent off (Cosenza v Vibonese)
Can we help get this kid some vote at the last minute? His name is TJ and he's a good kid. Vote for him in the Men's 3PT Bracket!
Can someone recommend me good sports video blogs(?)
Top 10 Bizarre Championship Moments
A brilliant safety awareness video made at my school
Sports officials have banned two more Kenyan runners for doping offenses, bringing the number sanctioned this year to five.
A true fan
Sports fans, we all have that one condescending know-it-all when it comes to sports. What is your worst experience with said know-it-all?
What's something about sports you've always wondered about but have been too embarrassed to ask?
Shaka Smart turns down UCLA, signs extension to stay with VCU through 2023
Argentina: Police use water cannons on unruly UVK fans (Unión Villa Krause v Quilmes)
The 2013 AFL season is underway, for those who have no idea what this great sport is about and want more sport in their life, this video is for you. AFL Explained
Seriously. Why are the Lakers so bad this year?
Tim Duncan 2013 Mix
Pac-12 head of officials investigated for targeting Arizona's Sean Miller
More people are climbing Mount Kilimanjaro
Reddit, I've been looking for years. Can you find this vintage Larry Bird Converse ad?
I hate doing shameless promotion, but guys come listen to my campus radio sports show The Lead. We'll be on from 4 til 6.
How many sports teams have insects as their mascots?
Get into the game and find out the latest from Detroit Pistons owner Tom Gores.
Looking to kill 20 minutes? Take a look at our behind the scenes documentary of a professional hockey team.
Zach Redmond shows the media his scar after being cut by a skate six weeks ago. [PIC]
Bo Jackson commercial from 1990 with multiple sport celebrity appearances
The best part of Demarcus Cousins' game [gif]
It's always great when sports make a big impact like this
Track and jump amendments made in response to equestrian deaths at the Grand National, Aintree.
Ouch: Cyclist Yoann Offredo fails to see road sign in Paris-Roubaix
From My Grandma's Cedar Chest, Vintage Programs (X-Post from /r/Pics)
Masters 2013: hole-by-hole guide to Augusta
Comment on this thread and OP will give you a dollar if the Lakers lose tonight in Portland
Olympians to Obama: climate change is jeopardising winter sports' survival. 75 sports champions warn of warmer winters in latest effort by environmental campaigners to urge president to act on climate
Scrolling through the Indians gigapan picture from Opening Day when suddenly ...
Sports Allegiance
Photo Gallery: The best facial expressions at The Masters 2013
AMSSM 2013 Conference in San Diego
If you had to fight to the death with another person and each person was allowed either a knife or a gun (with one bullet) which one would you choose?
How much have the refs been helping the Lakers into the playoffs this year? A well-written, thought-provoking/slightly damning article (with stats!)
RCN cable here in Chicago gets my Masters grief over Jim Nantz's slimy ass.
The pin that wouldn't go down - and it changed the course of the match
EPIC FAIL: Newcastle fan wants to fight police horse after Sunderland defeat
Can you spot the three differences?
Extreme Jump Roping
The 20 Best GIFs Of The NBA Season
With this guy... everyone can become Rocky!
Greg Norman lauds protege Adam Scott on Masters triumph
Timelapse: European Attendance record in basketball game: 30,000 during Panathinaikos vs Barcelona in Athens
Kid at my high school track meet had a house arrest bracelet on while running
Toast as a Basketball
David Ortiz drops an F-Bomb in his pregame speech honoring Boston.
Why don't they have cheerleaders in baseball?
Ortiz Speaks From The Hear In Front Of 35,000 Fans
Phil Jackson when Cleveland asked him to come coach
J.R. Smith's High School Yearbook Quote
Was anyone else very surprised that Sheldon Richardson was drafted so early in the NFL Draft? The Jets didn't even really need a DT.
Yogi Ferrell, IU point guard, rapping in 6th grade.
Tiger Woods Incredible golf figure
Looks like the MLS's 20th team is gonna be backed by some oil money. Will this relegate the Red Bulls to second tier status in the city?
Toledo Mud Hens to wear Chewbacca jerseys for May the Fourth Be With You
The Politics and Manipulation of Junior Seau's Brain - Outside the Lines: Mind Control
Skiers perform 30-person backflip in Canada
Putting to rest the myth that women’s teams don’t let male reporters into the locker room
Kurt Busch. The gift that keeps on giving. This week's NASCAR StockcarToon
Bayern Munich and Frank Ribery protect a pitch invader after Bayern Beat Barcelona in the Champions league semi final
Mohd Badri bin Mohd Radzi (Kelantan) scores directly from a corner v Ayeyawady United (AFC Cup)
Hi, I'm Peter Francis GeRosie
Why Dwight Howard Would Leave the L.A. Lakers for the Houston Rockets This Summer
Former Mankato football coach Todd Hoffner fired by school
Mike Tyson starring in new cartoon as a detective for some reason
A nice look into the Axe throwing culture in Toronto!
Game #7 - Boston's Incredible Comeback (Filmed live at the Air Canada Centre in Toronto)
Do you know of a site that provides a service to watch HD sports online for a fair price?
Im doing a survey project in my Statistics class. My question is, /r/Sports, what is your favorite sport to watch?
Women's jersey or men's jersey for my girlfriend?
That's some pretty awesome defense!
Great Video my Buddy shot for the Toronto Maple Leafs Sports Entertainment Players Gala Re-Cap Video 2013.
Jimmy Haslam apologizes to NFL owners for damage caused by Pilot Flying J investigation
MLB Gurus! Need your help identifying this autograph
Future boxing champion training with Floyd Mayweather (old and maybe a repost, but wow)
On the sixth day God created Clowney and on the seventh day everyone was dead.
How would you go about getting tickets to Soccer World Cup Final?
I did it! I've finally trained myself to ignore any ESPN video with Skip Bayless, Stephen A. Smith, or First Take in the description. I feel finally free!
Dresden fans exchange DYNAMO chants over the Elbe after winnning relegation v Osbabrück
One of the most amazing rounds of boxing you'll ever see [x-post /r/boxing]
Ronald Garutti, a member of the [search] committee and of the Rutger's board of trustees, Please let's not present this as any kind of exemplary process. Subsequent events have proven otherwise.
What's the best/your favorite athlete movie cameo? [x-post from /r/movies]
One of the most entertaining boxers to ever hit the ring.
Fifa approves new racism crackdown, teams could be expelled from competitions or relegated for serious racism incidents
Streaker invades pitch during Germany v Ecuador
Kenyan school of High Jump
How The Lakers Got Here...
Guy from my school who created an entire portfolio and webpage trying to market himself to Lebron James and his media team
Leading Off: A Baseball scraps that hurts
RIP Deacon Jones.
An Exciting Proposition (X-post from /r/nfl)
40 years ago today, Secretariat won the Belmont Stakes by 31 lengths.
Chad Johnson Jumps into the Dog Pound (vid)
NFL thoughts, media stupidity
To the punk sitting next to me at the Iowa - Syracuse game...
Governor Proclaims 'Pittsfield Baseball Day -- if you didn't know, Cooperstown isn't America's baseball town
Commentary Box: Murray Mexted's best commentary quotes
Brent Boyd, a former Minnesota Vikings guard who suffers from depression and dementia, blasted the [NFL] system as being rife with “fraud, corruption and collusion.”
82games.com - NBA Stats
How To Pick The Right Bicycle For You
Mourinho agrees Chelsea pay-off
Holliday Credits McGwire for Power Surge
Car explodes into flames during a burnout competition in Australia
Random Bodybuilding Pics
Arsenal News - news feed for Gooners
Which baseball fans suffer the most?
Rally Punches Red Sox's Playoff Ticket
Great story on the coach killed by the line drive and the guy that hit the ball
What is the probability that the four playoff teams are the best in the league?
BMW M3 Coupé, Porsche 911 GT3, Audi R8 - BMW M3 Coupé, Porsche 911 GT3, Audi R8-a spectacular sport car-duel
The 13 levels of losing
Huntsvillian recalls a kid named Bobby Bowden
We need your Coaching Questions!
How MLB would handle a three-, four-, or five-team playoff
MLB rookie hazing costumes (be sure to click the links to see all the photos)
Willie Randolph's tearful end-of-season speech
World's Fastest Sham: Asafa Powell just set the world record in the 100 meters. Big whoop.
Baseball's Worst Chokes: A (Cubs, Red Sox, and Mets)-Owned List
Bill Simmons upgrades his Levels of Losing
College Football: Scariest Places to Play
Former Driller Matt Holliday could be major league MVP
Goddamn fucking Cubs
iSteroids - Buy Online Anabolic Steroids Winstrol Dianabol Clenbuterol
Steroids Pharmacy - Buy Online Anabolic Steroids Winstrol Dianabol Clenbuterol
Marion Jones admits to steroid use leading up to 2000 Olympics
The boy must throw with accuracy. Otherwise he must chase the ball because his father's left leg is dead.
Olympic Games: 15 Strange Marathon Moments
Fat Loss &amp; Weight Training Myths
This is an awful idea.  Sports fans and Redditors dont mix
Consider the Yankees dynasty officially over
Fantasy league for the real world
fitness
Jilly's Sports Bar and Grill - Pikesville MD
Online Poker Store, Use AbsolutePoker's Reward Points
NBC overhead camera falls onto field
Snorkeling Tips
Weekend sports wrap up
1,266 yards and 136 total points... Wow.
World's Longest Baseball Game...32 HRS., 29 MIN. [SLIDESHOW]
NFL commissioner says Super Bowl may soon be held in London
Snowboarding down Avalanche - Nice Music Too
Nebraska Cornhuskers Fire AD Steve Pederson
Hilarious! The 10 Funniest Own Goals in Football
Amazing Suzuki Samurai [Offroad Video]
Colorado Rockies: the Ned Flanders of baseball
the original football where they actually perform a touchdown not just by name
edward
Encyclopedia of Body Building
Trampoline Skateboarding
Megson to be next Bolton manager?
Flavor for Training
Martin Jol sacked as Spurs manager
Big rules change for 2008 Tour de France
Mob considered killing Giuliani
Game Day: The World's Largest Outdoor Cocktail Party
Miracle Pitch Connected to Space Age Toy [Video Included]
Chris Hanson Looking for Pedophiles in the NFL
A Few Useful Soccer Tips
Kris Holm, doing amazing stunts on a unicycle [video]
The men, the machines and the mission
Inside the mind of Scott Boras
2007-2008 NCAA Basketball Preseason All-American Team
Brazil awarded 2014 World Cup
Brazil will stage 2014 World Cup
Basketball's Globalization will breakup NBA's Monopoly
What happens when you stand behind a banner the football team is about to break through?
Baseball hits home run in Manipur, 20 clubs in one year
Major U.S. sports to pull in billions from sponsors
Sky Diving
Californians Hoping Raiders Game Stays Blacked Out So They Can Watch Colts And Pats
Stomach Exercises
i'm loking for some one funny,sweet,nice,hot and good a wundreful
Tiger Woods moving to Dubai?
Slow Month In Baseball Saved By A-Rod | The Onion - America's Finest News Source
Carnegie Mellon and GM's Boss Win $2 Million Prize in DARPA Driver-less Urban Challenge
Monday Night Football: Remaining Teams are Combined 44-50
College Football Week Ten News and Notes
Performance-Enhancing Placebos
[NFL] Funky crowd noise during Pats/Colts was a broadcast glitch, not piped-in crowd noise
Find your fitness type, find a workout to fit your personality
VIDEO: Liverpool - Besiktas 8-0 [Champions League]
Do you prefer Facebook or MySpace
Horse Trailers for Sale, Horse Trailers with Living Quarters
BREAKING: San Francisco Giants Near Deal With Omar Vizquel
Chessboxing: Heavyweight wins by checkmate 
Look for third-round intrigue in new NFL Draft format
The 2007 Sonics = 2008 Oklahoma City Cowboys
The Deep South's Oldest Rivalry
The Smith Center High School (Kansas) football team has won 51 games in a row and has outscored opponents this season, 704-0
How To Spend 35 Million Dollars
Illinois upsets No. 1 Ohio State
Beginners' Guide to Fantasy Football
Vikings running back Adrian Peterson injured vs. Packers
Atlantic Adventure
British Royal Air Force Aerobatic Team 
Biggest Argument in Sports
Witless Penisface Crybaby: Peyton Manning GET OUT OF MY TELEVISION
How can I recover from tennis elbow?
America’s Youth Are Getting A Kick Out Of Soccer
UFC® : Ultimate Fighting Championship®
White Water Rafting: What A Rush!
On a certain Ronaldinho at a certain FC Barcelona
Super Bowl 30-Second Spots Could Fetch $3 Million
Find that crotchgrabber!
INDIA VS PAKISTAN FOURTH ODI LIVE STREAMING
World Series of Poker Champion Slacking on His Poker Face | Gamblized - Your World On Tilt
Barry Bonds Indicted: His Inmate Number To Have an Astrix
Barry Bonds to Michael Vick: See, this is how you get indicted!
Barry Bonds indicted on federal charges - charged with perjury, obstruction of justice
 Home run king Barry Bonds indicted on perjury charges
Barry Bonds indicted | The Paparazzis
Grand Jury Indicts Barry Bonds
A Bigger Screen for Mark Cuban : a backgrounder on the maverick for high-def television (2002 April 14)
Barry Bonds and Major League Baseball's home run record 
Scots set for date with destiny
Improve Your Score with Better Course Management
Glider vs Soul Flyers: The Ultimate Outdoor Video
[NBA] Rockets will face defending champs without McGrady
Will Preznit Bush Commute Barry Bonds’ Potential Prison Sentence?
[NBA] NETS sign free agent guard Eddie Gill
Warren Buffet advised A-Rod to bypass his agent and talk to Yanks directly
Why the NFL needs to get back to basics
Open Letter to the NFL and Time Warner
McLeish buoyed by Scots promise
football brazilian way
Jason Campbell's coming out party: Redskins QB throws for 348 yards in loss to Dallas
Mike Bacsik (#756 pitcher) Nominated for SI Sportsman Of The Year
Top 13 Killer Racecourse Outfits [pics]
The NFL jersey you wear and what it says about you
 Arkansas stun No. 1 LSU in triple OT 
Happy Link for Monday: Autistic Waterboy becomes Sports Hero [video]
FourPlay
Kerry Wood agrees to deal with Cubs
Athletes Dream Gifts for the Holidays
The Most Valuable College Football Teams: cashing in using the NFL model
FOURPLAY - Bridgette Wilson
Monday Morning QB: Curse of the Welker - Dolphins are paying price for undervaluing wideout
Execs say Cubs will trade Mark Prior
Manchester United vs Sporting Lisbon [ 2-1 ] | Live Video - What an amazing 90 MINUTE GOAL BY RONALDO --- TO SHOW TO THE WORLD why Manchester UNITED is the Best and will win the Champions League
College Quidditch Teams -- What'll They Think of Next? [pics, video]
The Terrible Truth About Self Defense DVDs
Wwe Fanatics: WWE Friday Night SmackDown Results - November 30th 2007
Should Jose Mourinho be the next England manager?
N.F.L. vs. M.L.B. as a Labor Market
Bo Knows Best - What a badass 
Don't jump! Advice for goalkeepers from economic psychology
Greedy NFL won't let us watch the Packers beat the Cowgirls tonight
india vs pakistan live cricket on DDTV telecast on your pc
Why the BCS was a good idea, and why it's now irrelevant
Romo, Dallas beat Pack 37-27
Rematch!
West Virginia WhiteWater Rafting Rivers
How will Lidstrom be remembered?
Volchenkov out 4 weeks with broken finger!
3 people detained for questioning surrounding Sean Taylor's killing
UK Ultras
Euro 2008 - FINAL DRAW Live Blog
Raise a Glass to the Father of Energy Drinks
india vs pakistan test match2 day4 live streaming sopcast links
First Vehicle To Break Sound Barrier Hits 763MPH
 Proper Perspective: How we dealt with Sean Taylor's Death.
ESPN loves the BCS, money
Choosing When To Do Yoga
Captain’s century saved Pakistan in Second test (Match Summery) 
Back, Muscle and Joint Pain relief in minutes
FA must call Mourinho's bluff
MMA Fighter dies after fight
Van Basten to step down after Euro2008
Euro 2008 games not in fix probe
MLB Blockbuster: Marlins send Willis and Cabrera to Tigers
Tracking the Tigers: Thoughts on the Cabrera, Willis Trade
Andruw Jones signs with Dodgers -- $18 million a year for a fat guy with a .222 batting average
Geico Caveman Shows Up to Wizards Game
Brett Favre Should Kick Tom Brady's Ass
An IM conversation between Colt Brennan &amp; Tim Tebow
LADIES! Attend Jeremy Shockey's New Year's Eve Party &amp; drink for free! (Midtown West)
NBA Craziest Plays-Video
Quarterbacks that don't run that often, don't know how to bounce that ball. VIDEO
india vs pakistan 3rd test live cricket streaming video day2
African champions eliminate Nort American champions in world cup quarter final
Boltan vs Wigan live football streaming Barclays Premier League
Yoga Accessories
What's in Store for Barry Bonds?
A Hoops Junkie Makes His First Visit to Cameron Indoor Stadium
The Sportswriter Mob Gathers Around Bonds
Curb Surfers Season 3 Ep#2
Alonso agrees to 2-year deal - at $51.3 million a season - returns to Renault F1 team 
Michael Vick is going to jail for a long time
Hartford Courant Claims Mitchell Report Due Out This Week
Will Vick Play Again in 2010?
Isiah Thomas' job is safe.  Wtf?
Sports Figures as Role Models for Kids: Darn Right It's Part of the Job
33rd America's Cup: Following discussions this week with both the NYYC representatives and Larry Ellison, current Defender of the Trophy, expresses his vision
Packers Playoff Picture
DirecTV Screws Reader Six Ways From Sunday Night Football
England hoping for reverse swing
Is Kosuke Fukudome really that great?
Jay Mariotti to Mike Ditka: Sellout
Unbelievable: Isaiah Thomas blames Knicks woes on the fans
Someone likes Terry Glenn waaaaaaaaaaaay too much
Dissecting the NHL's contenders and pretenders
Big Mac Danzig Is The Ultimate Fighter | Mixed Martial b0nes
Tiger Woods. He’s better than you.
Nissan Suspending All North-American Racing Operations
Mustang Coolest car on Earth!
Julsånger
The 2008 Baseball Hall of Fame Ballot -- A Roundtable Discussion
Kosuke Fukudome signs with Cubs
Vince Young is a great QB.  Rex Grossman sucks.  But their stats?  Eerily similar.
Real Madrid vs Lazio
Five Manchester United fans stabbed in repeat of Rome violence
7 of History’s Most Terrifying Sports Riots
MLB: Tejada is on his way from Baltimore (Orioles) to Houston (Astros)
soccer fans wake up, there is a world cup going on
Could you beat Tiger Woods in closest to the pin for a car? (Someone's Grandmother did)
FA approves Capello as England manager
Hmm.. not a lot of Red Sox on George J. Mitchell's steroid-users list... I wonder.. why....
Top 9 Most Humiliating Sports Moments
An open letter to Barry Bonds
Ditch the Band Wagon
NBA suspends Thomas, fines Murphy
The World's most hilarious name
The Players named in baseball steroid report
The internets first and largest online gambling community social network where gamers from around the world to discuss their favourite games including casino games, poker, bingo and sports betting
Want to buy a World Series ring? Jose Canseco apparently doesn't want his
Etoile Sportive Sahel - Urawa Red Diamonds | FIFA World Cup
Liverpool vs Manchester United live streamingsoccer
Sachin Tendulkar's 41, 30 hundreds are for winning cause | Nihar's World
Tournament Gift
Bionic Balls For Smart Refs
Michigan hires West Virginia's Rich Rodriguez as next coach
The Green Team - Seventh entry into the Volvo Ocean Race
UNC-RU: Postgame Quotes Audio
[NBA] Lebron is unhappy with his team play 
Paintball Tips Online
Freakin' Freshman - College Basketball Report 
Brett Favre Breaks All Time Passing Record
Bellichick As You've Never Seen Him
Jessica Simpson, Bad Luck Charm for Tony Romo
The Simpsons - Evolution of Hommer
College Athlete to just a College Student: When Life Takes Over
Lewis Hamilton Got Busted!
AFC Pro Bowl Snubs NFL
gladwell.com: Free Fernando Vina (part two)
Terrell Owens Wants Jessica Simpson to Stay Away!
Why did parcells choose Miami over Atlanta?
The NCAA *Really* Does Not Understand Blogging
Curt Schilling to Clemens: Prove your innocence or return your awards.
T.O. and Cowboys along with Texas Stadium Hate Jessica Simpson [VIDEO]
Which MLB players performed better after steroids?
What's So Bad About Performance Enhancement? The steroid debate rages on
Bowl Preview: Poinsettia
Report: Johan Santana to Boston
Sooners Upset No. 20 Gonzaga 
Help Keep the Sonics in Seattle
Sidney Crosby first nhl fight - VIDEO
Game Day Video With Chargers Fan and Playboy Model Kendra Wilkinson 
[NBA] Rashard Lewis wanted to be a rocket
Torry Holt uncharacteristically loses his composure
Quote of the day - 12/22
2007 Sports Recap (as told by 100 posts by the best sports bloggers)
[NBA] Kobe would like to play for Sixers one day
A 3100 mile footrace on a half-mile track
Product Review: Building a Better Runner (DVD)
[NBA] Speedy Claxton is out of the rest of the season
Instead of paying Simmons for the number in cash, cars or jewelry...they would find a local family and offer assistance.
Games to watch this week - 12/26
2008 World Snooker Championship Preview
Christmas Letters From Sports Personalities 
The NFL caves-in; will allow simulcast of Patriots-Giants game on Saturday night
MLS looks to Liverpool for 2008 All-Star Game
Mike Tyson is a Wonderful Vicious Beast, by Joyce Carol Oates
NEW YEAR BEHIND BARS FOR BARTON - Newcastle Utd 
Arsenal open to offers for their keeper Jens Lehmann
Former Major Leaguer Jim Leyritz Charged with DUI and Vehicular Homicide
Which NFL teams get the last two playoff spots?  Tecmo Super Bowl tells us the answer.
Motherwell skipper dies after collapsing on pitch |  UK News | The Observer
Chuck Liddell talks UFC 79 - Hilarious comments, would love to be with him this night!!
Let Lucca Staiger Play: NCAA Double Standards 
Marv Levy stepping down as Bills' GM
The Truth About How to Burn Holiday Fat
Lakers In Tiny Short Shorts
A boy who hasn't stopped wearing his Brett Favre jersey since Christmas 4 years ago has finally attended his first Green Bay Packers game.
320' motorcycle jump
A Sugar Bowl no one saw coming 
Michigan Sends Carr Off With A Bowl Win - Game Highlights
Final NFL Standings for the Regular Season
Weight Loss Through Hypnosis: Fact or Fiction?
Fat Cure - the Secret to Losing your Belly Fat
TAO DE KUNG-FU SHAOLIN
What Is Next For Hawaii and Colt Brennan? 
Dr. Z's NFL Power Ranking for 1/02/2007 -- Looking back with trepidation, Where I went right and wrong with my preseason picks
Roger Clemens, 60 minutes, and you. A lesson in defamation.
Celtics Talking Too Much Trash?
Fitness Predictions For 2008
The Most Valuable College Basketball Teams
Roger Clemens Asked to Testify before Congress About Steroid Use
A rematch of Week 14 rumble. San Diego meets Tennessee for the second time in five weeks
Go Seahawks!
Top 10 Athletes I'd Punch in The F@#*ing Face!
[NFL] Washington Redskins vs Seattle Seahawks - Play By Play
World Cage Fighting To Stream Babalu Vs Tiger White Live
Cricket needs new Rules.
San Antonio Spurs vs Golden State Warriors NBA live streaming
Nashville Predators vs Anaheim Ducks live NHL Streaming
2008: Who Will You Vote For?
The Wilting of the Garden
Canadian juniors capture 4th straight gold
[NFL] Chargers earn their first playoff victory since 95 defeating the Titans
Top 10 budget ski resorts 
Play Roger Clemens Mad Libs
Anchor says young golfers should lynch Tiger Woods in a back alley; isn't fired.
African Cup of Nations - African Nations XI
Rampage Jackson Fight Video Taking On Kenneth Williams At GC 4
Matt Hughes Vs Frank Trigg 2 Fight Video UFC 52
Aussie bowler Hogg to face charge
IndyCar IT: The technology that makes Danica Patrick go
Butts on Parade: Clemens meets Wallace
 Arsenal now young, gifted and English
Jarko Ruutu Kicks Tuckers Ass
Josh Chichester Interview: A Two-Sport Star
Total Body Workout in 10 Exercises
NBA v. College Basketball: Both Are Better
Red Wing Girls Set National Free Throw Record
KIMBO SLICE VS. TANK ABBOTT!
Tecmo Super Bowl simulated NFL Playoffs (w/Video!)
When should you sack a football manager?
Mike and Mike: Unpacking the Thongs 
Ovechkin signs an extension
How to beat the Patriots: A Blueprint
MMA Cards &amp; Memoribilia
The Great Game Of Soccer!
Catching a marlin on a kayak
Top 25 College Football Teams to Watch in 2008
NFL Divisional Playoffs for Saturday
NFL Divisional Playoffs Sunday's Games
Derby County vs Wigan Athletic live streaming Football | English Premier League
Gerard Gordeau Vs Teila Tuli Video UFC 1 - First UFC Fight Ever
[Hilarious] Pics of Jazz players partying
[NFL] Seattle Seahawks vs Green Bay Packers - Play By Play
Packers in the NFC Championship
Now Clemens is hedging about testifying under oath. Someone must have explained perjury to him.
[NFL] Jacksonville Jaguars vs New England Patriots play-by-play
Randall Cunningham Mix
Manning, Toomer lead Giants over Cowboys
The Curse of Doug Flutie
Top 10 Greatest Boxing Knockouts Ever
8 tales of athletes and their bizarre and funny food rituals
Tank Abbott Vs Paul Buentello Fight Video Strike Force
Dale Jr. Begins Preperations for 2008 NASCAR Season 
KJ Noons Vs James Edson Berto Fight Video EliteXC ShoXC
nypost hires jessica simpson lookalike to jinx romo
TO Crying
New York Knicks Masterplan (fixing a failed franchise)
Kimi Raikkonen quickest in the first official F1 tests 2008
America s Top Sports Mascots
Liverpool vs Luton Town live streaming football
Congress steps into the Batter&amp;#8217;s Box
Lame Sports Exclusive Interview With PacMan Jones
--CRAVE Energy Drink Canada- BUY NOW!
Donovan McNabb speaks, Philly throws batteries
[NFL] A look at the Rivers and Brady matchup
Training on a budget: Build a medicine ball for $5
Improve Your Fly Fishing Game Before You Head Out To The Stream!
What’s lame about college basketball
Randy Moss: I think the best thing is you can check my resumé- Probably not a good idea, Randy
Gattuso sent off as Milan defeated
Too bad I missed this article earlier this season.  The Eff-You  Touchdown
Henin and Serena into round four
Most Recent Pictures from Galatasaray training (Pics)
Allen Iverson Donates to VA Gun Buy Back Program
Day Five Highlights from the Australian Open 
Kazuo Misaki Vs Yoshihiro Akiyama Fight Video Yarennoka
Elaine Pope is not a big fan of her son�s tattoos
How to Ease Sore Muscles
When the announcer says Brett Favre plays the game like a kid., what he really means is What Brett Favre just did was incredibly stupid. (and other translations)
Reading Vs Manchester United 19/01/2008
Federer Defeats Tipsarevic in Third Round - Video Highlights
NBA Player Ryan Gomes Campaigns for Heart Health
'Voice of football in Canada', CBC broadcater Whittman dies
Gabriel Gonzaga Vs Fabricio Werdum Fight Video UFC 80
Anfield in crisis: Liverpool future in doubt as owners consider selling out for £50m profit
Highlights of the English premier league match between Manchester City and West Ham United
incredible wrestling backflip takedown to pin
Halftime report Giants 6 - 10 Packers
James Lee Vs Alessio Sakara Fight Video UFC 80
Liverpool FC vs Aston Villa live streaming football 
Toronto Boat Show Set up and taken down in 1 minute, including man made lake (video)
Reference book about all Olympic medalists of the all times. Photos and birthdays of athletes
A Brief History of Slime (2): anabolic steroids
Feasting On The Bones Of The Madden Curse
Pro Wrestling Spoilers, News, Rumors, Columns, Almanac
» A-Rod Wins Munson Award Yankees Blog
Chess lessons with greek teachers
Randy Couture And Fedor Affliction Photo Shoot
Tips On Losing Weight
Chess coaching and chess lessons
Video: Fedor Comments on Couture
Shahrukh n Aamir kahn's DHOOM-3 Trailer
A Brief History of Slime (3): Gatlin gunning for right to run in Beijing
How We Would Fight Steroids If We Really Meant It
africa cup tunisia vs senegal live streaming
ENGLISH CARLING CUP EVERTON VS CHELSEA LIVE STREAM
Games to watch this week - 1/23
Fighters Make Weight For UFC Fight Night Swick Vs Burkman
Zapatillas deportivas
India vs Australia live cricket streaming| Sopcast and TVU links | 4th test match
India vs Australia live cricket streaming 4th test match
India vs Australia live cricket streaming 4th test match
Get Live and latest score of Adelaide Indian-Australia fourth test 
Tunisia And Senegal Battle To Entertaining Stalemate Tunisia 2 - 2 Senegal 
Alain Vigneault – to Roberto Luongo Play Better?
Best and Easiest Technique To Be Fit Is Push-Up Workouts
Stretching Can Make You a Better Athlete
How Tiger Woods makes everyone else on the course play worse.
The NHL extends contract with Versus…a good decision?
Video of Tsonga Stunning Number 2 Seed Nadal at Australian Open
Alberto Crane Vs Kurt Pellegrino Fight Video UFC Fight Night
Unflappable Tsonga puts on the show of his lifetime
Mike Swick Vs Josh Burkman Fight Video UFC Fight Night 12
tv: india vs australia day 2 fourth test live sopcast links
In Praise of Dick Vitale
Toss it or Peg it... But Don't Forget to Brush
Faces on Campus: Lehigh's Diamond Just Wants to Win
Slate Magazine - The Tiger Woods Effect
Stoke hoping to get Theo Walcott on loan
Tennisnpro.com,Head,babolat,prince,wilson,tennis racquets,Yonex,badminton,Luxilon strings
tv: Africa Cup of Nations : Cote D Ivoire vs Benin Live
Autographed Sports Memorabilia
Bodybuilding Exercise - Exercises To Make You Big!
Belichick and Patriots Preparing For Giants in the Super Bowl
CEOs who've teed off with Tiger are a very small group
Peyton Manning Upset Brother Is Super Bowl Bound
NHL Teams in Playoff Hunt at All-Star Break
Suns to play outdoors games next year
The Brutal World of Chess Boxing
ShoXC EliteXC Eddie Alvarez Vs Ross Ebanez Fight Card Results
Eddie Alvarez Vs Ross Ebanez Fight Video EliteXc
Putting the Base back in Baseball.
Faith brings Texas Rangers' Hamilton back from the brink
Lose 40 Pounds in 2 Months – Burn the Fat, not the Muscle!
Sharapova wins Australian Open
ESPN Sports Center Top Play of The Day for 01/26/2008 (Video)
Top Rated Sportsbooks
Confederation of African Football officials to probe 'match-fixing'
Rangers Notebook: A New Era
Spinning Reels
BEIJING - Organizers of the Beijing Olympics unveiled the Watercube swimming venue Monday, one of the more stunning structures built for the 2008 Games.
The 9 Most Unfortunately Named Athletes
Euro 2008 soccer championship reaches out to fans in Switzerland and Austria
Nordic Walking - the New Keep Fit Craze
Buy Airsoft Guns - Buy Cheap Airsoft Guns
Great Moments From Previous Media Days 
Watch Jim Calhoun Sound Off on the Media
UEFA EURO 2008 - Salzburg - Football Festival for Europe
Jason Kidd demands to be traded
Road Bike - Sales
BMX Bikes by Intense
2008 USA Cycling National Championships Schedule
Macartney is recovering from crash 
Patriots will have to wait until start of free agency to re-sign Moss - NFL
2008 Cyclo Cross World Championships Elite Men Results
new candidate entering the race?
O.J. Mayo: separating fact from fiction
Little Jason's Basketball Skills
Fedor Emelianenko Vs Kevin Randleman Fight Video Pride
Brady Doesn't Think Much of Plaxico's Prediction
2008 Dubai Desert Classic Winner
Can the Super Bowl Really Kill You?
The man behind the man | The secret of coach Belichick's brilliance
Yankee and Shea Stadiums will bite the dust, aged 85 and 44
NFL - Player's Union Ready for Strike
Anybody here want to win $100,000???
Tae Bo Billy Blanks Gets Knocked Out
 Celtics beat Mavs 96-90 without Garnett
 Great basketball goods for a powerful game
Super Bowl Hotness: Tom Brady vs. Eli Manning
Analytics in Football: Will using complex statistical analysis give the New England Patriots an edge at game time?
Fedor Emelianenko Vs Semmy Schilt Fight Video Pride 21
Goodell Defends Handling of Spying Case 
Philly folks flock to the 16th annual Wing Bowl
Santana, Mets reach agreement on $150.75 million contract.  Adjust Fantasy Drafts Accordingly.
 Mets give Santana $137.5 million deal
Goodell Defends Handling of Patriots’ Spying Case
Hardcore Championship Fighting Destiny Fight Results
2008 Badminton European Team Championships Winners
The Comprehensive Guide to Becoming an NFL Cheerleader
India vs Australia 1st ODI live cricket streaming | Sopcast links
Basic Bass Fishing Tackle
Dubai Classic European Golf Tour Was Another Win for Woods
Jeremy Horn Vs Nate Marquardt Fight Video UFC 81
Inside the Latest Spygate Allegations 
Tyson Griffin Vs Gleison Tibau Fight Video UFC 81
I have an uncontrollable urge to adopt this dog.
support your club!
 Giants upset Patriots to win Super Bowl XLII
Luv To Surf: Woke Up To A Giant s Superbowl Win
Memmoo: Tiger Wins Dubai in Dramatic Fashion
Don Mattingly's Wife Arrested For Being Drunk And Crazy
The 20 Most Valuable Players in the EPL
 Play of the Century - Eli Manning to Tyree on 3rd in 5 in the Super Bowl
Across continents, rider delivers message of will, passion
7 Superbowl Commercials From a Ladies Point of View
 Terry Bradshaw drops an F-Bomb on Live TV
Super Bowl XLII the most-watched ever
[NFL] The Mannings are not from this planet
What One Rule In Formula One Would You Change?
Croatia v Holland Live | Online Football
England v Switzerland Live | Online Football
Legendary Basketball Coach Bobby Knight Resigns as Texas Tech Coach
Orido takes a Ridox Supra for a drift
Spain v France Live | Online Football
Honda Civic Coupe doing some drift
Best Superbowl Ever?
Seven Hidden Wonders of the Sporting World: The Seven Most Spectacular and Hardest Sporting Events in the World
SportsGirl: The Pats lost, and it's all my fault!
Iverson's Late Jumper Lifts Nuggets to Overtime Win Over Blazers
UFC 82 And 83 Fight Cards Complete
Video Coverage of Clemens Deposition Lasting Five Hours
Shaquille O'Neal could be traded away by Heat
Phil Mickelson Looking to Seal First Win of 2008
Ernie Els Goal Looking Unrealistic
 Super Bowl 43 Logo
Goalie shows how to celebrate a stopped penalty shot - VIDEO
Eli Manning's Girlfriend Flips Off the Paparazzi
Matchday LIVE!  USA -- It's coming :  A Cynic's Paradise
How Saddle Club Games Offers Great Fun Stuff and Entertainment for Kids
 Egypt stun favourites Ivory Coast in the ACN 2008
Feds: Angry restaurateur had rifle, 200 rounds of ammo for Super Bowl gunfire 
HDNet To Show Bob Sapp Vs Jan Nortje Fight
Go Extreme With P90x
Freestyle Motocross Tribute Part 1,2,3 (If you shit your pants while watching this I'm not responsible)
2008 European Athletics Indoor Cup Results
John Brady (LSU) fired
The (MMA) Mixed Martial Arts
How To Get A Flat Belly With Six Pack Abs
Chelsea Vs Liverpool 10/02/2008
US-GIRL STUDENT KILLS 2 AND HERSELF
Skateboarding in New York video
Speed riding. The ultimate method of flying down a mountain. (Video)
Phil Baroni Signs With Elite XC
Cro Cop Vs Jan Nortje Fight Video Revenge 4
Fake Recruiting
National Signing Day: Catching our Breath
Hockey Skate Slices Richard Zednik's Throat
The Dolphins are really trying to set that losing record!
DUKE has lost only 1 game... by 1 point... in OT... to a (then) ranked team. They don't deserve *even one* 1st place vote?!?
ESPN - Stillman, Commodore headed to Ottawa after trade from Carolina - NHL
Rudy Gay taking Dunk Contest suggestions via YouTube
Big Hammerhead Shark Eats a Tarpon [video]
Roger Clemens Walks Into The Lions Den
Darts Just got Lazier
Charles Barkley lost $400K on the Super Bowl
Video - Clemens denying steroid use to Congress
Team Astana Barred from Tour de France
'Misheard' is the new 'Misspoke' 
TRADE: Jason Kidd Going Back To Dallas - Stackhouse, Harris going to Jersey
Tour de France Denies Astana And Alberto Contador Invite
2014 NBA All-Star Game to be held in Frankfurt, Germany
Chase Beebe Vs Miguel Torres Fight Video WEC 32
No beer and no TV make Homer ... watch Arena Football?
Anna Benson, Wife of Kris Benson Will Excite Phillies Fans
Not all the lights of Division 1 basketball stand so bright. This is Alcorn State University's story.
Ever wonder where all the 19-0 apparel goes? (creepy clown pic included)
Gee Darko, why don't you tell us how you REALLY feel about the refs? (video)
Josh Barnett Vs Aleksander Emelianenko Fight Video Pride
James Thompson Vs Brett Rogers Fight Video EliteXC
O'Sullivan to face Selby in final
Urbanski's wife says Goodell reneged on promise of financial help
Ryan Newman wins 50th Daytona 500
Referee Cam Video From Kimbo Vs Tank Abbott
Bermuda all out for 13 - Lowest ever score - Cricket
Sports medicine researchers put a champion ultimate frisbee player under the lense (with videos) 
Activists Target the 'Genocide Olympics'
 Haynesworth tagged as franchise pla dyer 
 PPI Audi R8 Razor
Wrongly-accused Duke lacrosse players fire back with lawsuits aimed at Duke and the city of Durham
Michelle Wie Expects No Improvement With Injured Wrists
New Stadiums…They always cure what ails you. For a little while.
Man U's Ronaldo distracted by laser pen during match aganist Lyon
A site to track Indianapolis' bid for the 2012 Super Bowl
Outdoor Survival Planning and Survival Kits 
finally found a great link for the 2008 NFL Combine results. Looks like they will have 40 times, bench press results and a few other things.
Australian Rules Football Players get Macho Guidelines to Clean Up the Sport's Image
Monta Ellis dips hands into hot wax before every game (Vid)
Mark Cuban calls the NCAA a bunch of nitpickers after Indiana, his alma mater, gets spanked again.
Bob Sapp Vs Jan Nortje Fight Video Strikeforce
Guy Mezger Vs Wanderlei Silva Fight Video Pride FC
Chelsea 1-2 Tottenham - 2007/2008 Carling Cup Final
 2009 Jaguar XKR Portfolio - ‘08 Geneva Preview
Edwards Wins Delayed Sprint Cup in California - Videos Highlights
How much does half of 1 win cost?
Reckless tackles leave ugly stain that apologists can no longer wipe away 
 Sharapova unfit for Dubai tournament
March Madness Tournament Seeding Projections
Researchers have the technology to fix Eduardo-style leg injuries
Yao Ming Out for Season with Stress Fracture 
Yao- Out for Season, My Hopes and Dreams- Crushed
Salomon Speedcross 2 My Favorite Trail-Running Shoes
Dumbass soccer player of german descent dresses up as Hitler - apologises to German nation
DREAM Lightweight Grand Prix 2008 1st Round - The New Pride FC
HOW TO FLY: Insane Base jumping from the top of a mountain using a wing suit!! [video]
Jewish boys team faces title forfeit over Sabbath
Tito Ortiz Vs Evan Tanner Fight Video UFC 30
Evander Holyfield versus Mike Tyson Rematch?
FBI begins perjury investigation of Roger Clemens
Chuck Liddell , Rampage Jackson And Dana White Breakdancing Video
NBA similarity networks
Dan Henderson's First Two MMA Fights Brazil Open 1997 Video
Staying a Step Ahead of Aging 
Callaway FT-5 Driver Review Specs And Info
Yushin Okami Vs Evan Tanner Fight Video UFC 82
Chris Wilson Vs Jon Fitch Fight Video UFC 82
Andrei Arlovski Vs Jake O’Brien Fight Video UFC 82
Three for All: Marquez-Vazquez III was one for the ages
2008 American League Preview
Moss agreement with Patriots is imminent 
Cricket player Andrew Symonds crash-tackles male streaker
Rory Singer To Fight Friday At AFL Erupption
Favre's top 10 career moments
World Victory Road Sengoku Fight Card Results
Red Sox mob beats up Yankees fan in Cambridge
Takanori Gomi Vs Duane Ludwig Fight Video Sengoku
Rashad Evans To Fight Chuck Liddell At UFC 85 London
This Is What It Sounds Like When A Franchise Dies
Pro golfer charged with killing hawk with golf ball - Top that Tiger Woods!!
Cro Cop To Fight Yoshihiro Nakao At Dream March 15th
Miles, Tigers plan to build on LSU's successful run
 ‘08 Geneva - Mercedes SL63 AMG
 ‘08 Geneva - BMW X5 Vision EfficientDynamics Hybrid Concept
NFL's Goodell Proposes Crackdown on Cheating
NFL superstitions - John Henderson is insane (vid)
Audi R8 V12 TDI Le Mans [supercar]
Melvin Manhoef Vs Evangelista Cyborg Santos Fight Video Cage Rage 15 - Super Slugfest
Olympic medallist says new Speedo swimsuit gives swimmers unfair advantage. Three world records broken in 24 days
Ken Shamrock Vs Robert Buzz Berry Fight Video Cage Rage 25
Cro Cop To Fight Tatsuya Mizuno Not Nakao At Dream March 15
2008 NFL Movie Character Draft - Uncle Rico went 8th overall
Pete Sell Vs Scott Smith Fight Video TUF 4 - Best MMA Ending
Kobe Bryant's 81-point game was just as impressive as Wilt Chamberlain's 100-point game
PGATOUR.COM - Daly: 'I feel like I let Arnold down' at Bay Hill
Odds For Tonights DREAM Lightweight Grand Prix - MMA Fights
Mirko Cro Cop Vs Tatsuya Mizuno Fight Video DREAM
Hayato Sakurai Vs Hidetaka Monma Fight Video DREAM
Joachim Hansen Vs Kotetsu Boku Fight Video DREAM
Shinya Aoki Vs Gesias Calvancante Fight Video DREAM
Phil Baroni Vs Kala Kolohe Hose Fight Video ICON
Ski season comes to an end: winners and loosers
This March, it's the NBA that has all the madness
Anatomy of the Heat's Stunning Collapse
Federer back on Open road
BET Iron Ring Mixed Martial Arts Reality Show Airs Tonight
Cung Le Vs Shonie Carter Fight Video Sanshou IKF
Alex Hleb isn't in negotiations with Inter...he's just hungry for ice cream.
Strains of Tournament-itis (excuses to get out of work to watch the NCAA tournament)
NCAA Tournament Predictions
Rio Heroes 8 Final Pedro Santos Vs Flavio Alvaro - Bare Knuckle Fight
How many people are taking place in illegal betting brackets for the NCAA tournament?
Chelsea v Arsenal - Preview - Grand Slam Sunday
Watch Any Blacked Out NCAA Basketball Tournament Game Free
Paris Nice 2008 Bike Race Complete Results
More trouble for disgraced ex-ref Tim Donaghy... wife seeks restraining order
Gilbert Yvel Vs Joop Kasteel Fight Video Rings Holland - Bitch Slap Fight
Interview with Billy Beane's protege, A's AGM David Forst
Here is your NCAA tourney winner and key to the bracket...plus a cool site
Norifumi Kid Yamamoto Vs Tetsuo Katsuta Fight Video Shooto
Michael Katsidis Vs Joel Casamayor Fight Video Boxing
Ask reddit sports:  Who do you think will win the NCAA and why?
Manny's game-winning hit is worth a million
MLS and EPL Previews, Nat'l Team Friendlies, &amp; World Cup Qualifying.  Oh My!!
Adams Insight XTD Driver a3 And a3OS Review And Info Video
WEC 33 Weigh-In Video
Supersonics one step closer to OK City -- sucks.
Special: Euro 2008 – soccer and beyond
Free Tibet, but don't boycott the Games
2008 National League Preview Through The Statistical Blender
Soccer host outclassed by big neighbor
ESPN bringing players back from the grave
Doug Marshall Vs Brian Stann Fight Video WEC 33
Ed Ratcliff Vs Marcus Hicks Fight Video WEC 33
Outfielder Joey Gathright can jump over a car
D-Day for America's Cup showdown
MMA fighter Leonard Garcia Arrested For Alleged Drug Trafficking
12 Greatest Hockey GOALIE Fights! - Total shocker that Ray Emery is in the mix
LSU's Sylvia Fowles A Beast in the Paint
Olson returns to Wildcats, vows to deliver '09 title
Manny Pacquiao Vs Juan Manuel Marquez II 2 Fight Video Boxing
Frank Shamrock Vs Cung Le Fight Video Strikeforce EliteXC
Gilbert Melendez Vs Gabe Lemley Fight Video Strikeforce EliteXC
Joey Villasenor Vs Ryan Jensen Fight Video Strikeforce EliteXC
Jason Maxiell's Ridiculous Block [vid]
Sickest Shot From NCAA Tournament: Stephen Curry of Davidson Goes Acrobatic!   [Video]
Drew Fickett Vs Jae Suk Lim Fight Video EliteXC
Cesar Cielo breaks the 100 yard freestyle swim record in NCAA.
Cris Cyborg Vs Marise Vitoria Fight Video - One Bad Ass Lady
Sports Guy compares '08 Celtics to '86 Celts - a new jinx!
Matt Serra Vs Takanori Gomi ADDC Match Video
Dwyane Wade, other Heat stars to help team field season ticket calls
UFC Fight Night 13 Weigh-in Video Florian Vs Lauzon
Missing Idiot: Jan Durica Plays Good Defense
Shoaib given five-year suspension
Veteran Boston sportscaster Bob Lobel gets the ax after 30 years
Clay Guida Vs Jay Estrada Fight Video Combat
Bill James is to baseball what Richard Dawkins is to religion
BodySpace(beta) : Find A Woman Who Can (literally) Kick Your Ass
German carmakers denounce Mosley sex scandal
Memphis is this year's Rumpelstiltzkin
You know things are going really badly when...
 Idea that Announcer Can Jinx Perfect Game = Holocaust
Players in European leagues who come from countries with histories of civil war are more likely to behave violently on the soccer field, as measured by the number of yellow cards (cautions) received.
Five Races That Make Running Fun (and one that might kill you)
2008 NL Central Preview
Engineering the World's Fastest Swimsuit
Soccer player hits concrete wall with his head. RIP. (VIDEO)
Page One Times: A Sports-specific News Aggregator
Common Bond for Uncommon Men: Roberto Clemente and Martin Luther King
Davis gets a W for D'backs... 2 days before facing thyroid cancer surgery
Gary Player to Make Masters History
Tiger Paired with Cabrera and Appleby
Players Forecasting High Scoring Championship
Dealing with kids and the Olympic torch controversy
The LPGA's New Sex Symbol- Natalie Gulbis-- [pic---mildly nsfw]
The Hit ™
Panini fever hits Europe
Top Ten Most Unsportsmanlike Plays in Sports of All Time [Video]
Tiger Woods is set to be out of action for between four to six weeks following arthroscopic surgery on his left knee.
Prospects improve for Davis Cup
Credit Suisse accused of using child labour for Euro 2008 footballs
Soriano and the five dumbest on-field injuries in sports
Olympic flame arrives in Thailand
MLB.TV Uses New Technology to Strengthen Lineup
Football competition: win an orginal MacBook Air, an iMac, 3 iPod nano and 5 iPod shuffle
Danica Patrick wins Japan 300. First female winner in IndyCar history
Jennie Finch tosses perfect game for US softball team in pre-Olympic tour
British team did survive the Alpine race
Isiah Thomas' Greatest Life Achievements
A 97 MPH fastball is better than an 87 MPH fastball right? Depends on where you throw it...
Epic Hockey Fight [VID]
Too Easy in the Big Easy - Hornets vs. Mavs
China's Everest torch plan draw journalists' concerns
M4M Craigslist ad or NFL draft profile?
Hybrids In F1? Ferrari Says No Thank You
Spygate - The Saga Continues
Watch Online Birmingham City vs Liverpool Live Streaming Football
Heidi and the soccer tournament in Europe: Sticky situation
S. Korean Torch Relay May Face Protests
Roger Clemens, already battling allegations he used steroids and lied to a congressional panel, reportedly carried on an affair with Mindy McCready that started when she was just 15.
Clemens reportedly had affair with country star 
Hitler Loves the Flyers
She's a man, baby! Cops question Ronaldo
Bending The Rules For A Football Star
Beijing marks 100-day countdown to Games
Holy Mackerel, Could this be the Next New Titleist or Cobra Driver?
Roger Clemens bevy of beauties
Euro 2008 News
NFL star Randy Moss forms NASCAR team 
Buzz Bissinger does not like sports bloggers one bit.
Lorena Ochoa Goes for Fifth Straight Title
Trainer says he passed FBI polygraph on Clemens 
Editorial: It's time for the University Presidents and the BCS to wake up.
Songaila suspended after whacking LeBron, Wizards should pack it in now.
Soccer Explained (for Americans *ONLY*)
Young star keeps skis firmly on the piste
Celtics Hawks Game
Clemens all but admits he had affair with McCready
AFC Wimbledon wins promotion to Conference on third try
Stoke City end 23-year drought 
Stoke City back in Premier League
White Sox skipper Ozzie goes bleep crazy during recent interview
Ice hockey squad edges Belarus
MLBPA investigating why Bonds, Clemens and others unsigned.  Wow, that is a really mystery.  Could it be the roids.
Fundraising for the New Season
Kobe Bryant  Wins NBA NVP
Clemens not welcome on US Olympic team
Pat Muldoon, It’s all in the Family
LeBron James Won't have a Repeat Performance Like Game 1
How the Heck is the NL Outscoring the AL?
Hornets Look to Steal Game
Going Undercover as an Aspiring College Quarterback
Football | Premier League | Premier League prepares for D-Day
Ex-Buckeye DE Jay Richardson may have to fight to keep his starting spot.
Premier League | Chelsea 1-1 Bolton
Sergio Garcia Wins Biggest Title of Career
Tiger Woods Says Rehabilitation Is on Course
Racist fans won't let me sign a black player, admits Dick Advocaat
Euro hopefuls whittled down to 26
Goose Gossage: No room for Joba's antics in MLB
Hornets push defending champs to brink - NBA- nbcsports.msnbc.com
Health Code Violations at Ballparks
Gregg Doyel called it 2 YEARS AGO: Southern Cal Should be Wary of Mayo
Hank weighs in on Yanks recent poor performance.  Hank will turn it around by force if needed - sure Hank...
Henin announces shock retirement
Doc Rivers Pregame speech - a parody that hits a bit too close to home
David Duval Still on the Comeback Trail
Alleged driver in Sean Taylor shooting case takes a 29-year sentence, agrees to testify against four other defendants
The real reason home runs are down this year. And it's not improved drug testing.
Starcraft games with English commentary
12 yo Girl barred from competing on boys' team because she's too good. (page 1)
Barkley says he's done gambling - at least for now
Rio on the road to redemption
NASCAR's oldest driver dies at 95
 I wanted to do my master’s thesis about how he’d pulled his life together after being arrested for drugs.  Instead, I watched as he overdosed in front of me.
A newspaper photographer got a little too close to the action at the state high school track championships — and was speared through the leg by a javelin.
New Players Set for Ryder Cup Qualification
Fishopedia - Learn about every kind of fish, and what it takes to catch them
In San Francisco, Barry Bonds is the forgotten man - Los Angeles Times
96 year old woman does laps at the Indy
I wish I would have went to the Braves game yesterday.
Chris Cooley Finds A Trophy Wife [PICS]
Tiger changes mind - will skip Memorial golf tourney
Third time lucky in Paris for Federer?
Delusional Manager 2008 - starring: Wenger, Benitez, Grant and Ramos
Kevin Garnett not a clutch player? Sometimes, when Garnett's adrenaline kicks in during crunch time it's like watching a diabetic in the midst of a sugar rush. His body can't handle it.
Tito Ortiz Makes A Statement At UFC 84 Weigh-Ins [VID]
Chelsea Manager: Grant and Chelsea FC part company
 Grant sacked as Chelsea manager
Serena beat me? Who cares, I'm in Playboy !
CBS to televise 'human cockfighting'
LA Lakers' nine championship teams - let's add a tenth [pics]
The Definition of Grinding
Titan's QB Vince Young very nearly quit the NFL after his rookie year
This is your life, Jose Canseco:  The Canseco bizarro ratings
How a gay anthem became one of America's favorite ballpark sing-a-longs
Brit lesbians lust after Maria Sharapova. Ana Kournikova jerked out from top of the mound.
NBA admits that Brent Barry was fouled at end of Lakers - Spurs Game 4
McSweeney's: Underwhelmingly Titled Hypothetical Pro-Sports Video Games From the Early 1990s
Omar Vizquel: Baseball's forgotten iron man
Hammered Homers and Stoned Strikeouts
Outrageous jackets worn by NHL commentator
Down to four cities on the 2016 Olympics short-list: Chicago, Madrid, Tokyo and Rio de Janeiro
Ebbsfleet United and MyFC: Where do they go from here?
How Kevin Garnett almost became a Laker
Kimi Raikkonen Unsure Of F1 Future in 09
Embarrassed about picking up Viagra from your pharmacist? Say you're a cyclist
For the spiritual collector: Romeo Crennel Cleveland Buddha statuette
Top 10 running backs in NFL history
Super Joe
Fan rushes field to give David Beckham a hug during Galaxy game (Video)
Baseball's Other Drug Problem - Ritalin &amp; Adderall 
More kiddie pools, less flashing at Pocono 500
Do Manchester United have a case against Real Madrid over Ronaldo?
EURO 2008 : Spain v Russia
America's cup catamaran capsizes (Scroll down for photos)
Things Only Slightly Less Scary Than Kimbo Slice
The Top 10 Most Marketable Players in the 2008 NBA Draft
Michael will be remembered forever SI Vault: End of Bulls Dynasty
David Stern denies charges, says the NBA will look into it.  How is the NBA 'looking into it' going to clear up any suspicions? 
Report: MLB Wants Homerun Instant Replay by Aug. 1
Turkey 3-2 Czech R &amp; Switzerland 2-0 Portugal
AP Study: Estimated 5,000+ 'Racing Horse' Deaths Since 2003
Lethal Football Hits - Pictures
Tiger Woods, two months off knee surgery, wins the US Open
Video: Tiger Woods wins US Open
Australian athletes to miss Olympic opening ceremony in Beijing because basically they like to breathe
Lakers avoid riot close Staples Center for public viewing after Game 2 incident (video)
Ronaldinho, Eto'o and Deco about to leave Barcelona.
Ranking the 14 Major Victories by Tiger Woods
ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE!
Tiger will go in hibernation for the remainder of the season.
No Disneyworld for Doc Rivers
Good News For The Rest Of The Field: Tiger Done For The Year
Regional Popularity of American Sports [map]
Tiger Woods Out for the Season
Germans power through Ronaldo and co to reach Euro semis
 1 million Olympic tickets remain unsold
Successful Athletes Who Played in Pain
Willie Randolph opens up after his recent firing as Mets manager
Croatia 1-1 Turkey (1-3 pens)
Could Tiger be done with golf, forever?
Tim McCarverism heard today ... baggy pants (see first comment for quote)
Spain beat world champions, Italy, on penalties to reach Euro semi-finals.
Federer breezes through first match at Wimbledon. Now only six matches away from beating Bjorn Borg's historic record
Soccer match a turning point in Iraq War 
Memories of the First All-Star Game at Yankee Stadium, in 1939, From Two Who Played in It
The importance of rebound rates
Shaq Disses Kobe Via Rap
 Euro 2008 rated - best players of the tournament
Six Crazy Concept Bikes You'll Never Ride 
Moving beyond just Tennis, Wimbledon now includes Hawking, and Pigeon Marksmanship
Wimbledon - Djokovic out at round 2
NBA Draft: Who's Going #1?
In some stadiums, flies and rats have pretty good seats.
Top 50 NFL players today - Tom Brady #1
Sharapova upset at Wimbledon.
::The Big Apple Wants O.J.::
Minnesota trading #3 pick OJ Mayo to Memphis for #4 pick Kevin Love, with a bunch of players on both sides coming along for the ride
Boxer Manny Pacquiao: Philippine hero aims to become first Asian to win titles in four weight classes.
Is Manchester United’s Youth System Redundant?
Which is your favorite car from television &amp; the movies.
Commissioner Goodell on rookie pay: 'There's something wrong'
Ancient Olympics - More Like The PGA Than An Amateur Ideal, Says Research
Who made the Euro 2008 Best XI?
As the prime minister I have to be balanced and collected. But last night I was speaking very differently about the whole thing, I wanted to kill.
Floyd Landis Loses Appeal to Regain 2006 Tour de France Title
10 Tips For Buying The Perfect Soccer Shoes
NBA: Baron Davis opts out of $17.8 million and final year with Warriors
CCTV footage of Joey Barton fight -- the attack that (finally) landed him behind bars, albeit temporarily.
Coaches validate Harrison's rep as NFL's dirtiest player.
The Real Ultimate Fighting Championship
Prison baseball team gives inmates a focus beyond their cells
Fans are asked to treat Chiefs games like bowling matches
After 106 years, Ecuadore Finally Wins The Big One: The Copa Libertadores
Gladiator Inferno looking incredible in Loaded Magazine
Michigan: Where Amazing Happens
Bradley soccer still healing from fatal fireworks prank.
British GP will move to Donington
Baseball's best 4th of July moments | PressDemocrat.com | The Press Democrat | Santa Rosa, CA
Phelps, Torres and Peirsol light up Olympic trials 
Tour de Torture -  Who Is Prepared to Suffer the Most?
Who is the best team of Europe according to UEFA Public Voting?
Nadal dethrones Federer to end chance for 6th consecutive Wimbledon Championship
41 year old swimmer Dara Torres sets US record in 50 meter freestyle
Patrick joins NBC, reunites with Olbermann  
Humble naming suggestion for the Oklahoma City NBA franchise: BC Oklahoma City
Brand will spurn Clippers, sign with 76ers.  Bye LA!
Baseball's Difficult Architectures: Money’s obviously the bottom line, but can’t stadium designers at least try to reflect a city’s personality in their buildings?
EURO 2012 : The long road to Kiev
How former Ticket host Greg Williams destroyed the most dynamic duo in Dallas talk radio through drugs, deceit and disaffection
The Wrong Side of Great:  How a Tracy McGrady dunk changed James Felton's life forever.
Tiger Woods to be first billionaire athlete
Milwaukee Bucks give Andrew Bogut 5-year, $72.5 million extension - upsets other GMs who think this raises the bar too high for big men
SuperSonics switch to Oklahoma
All-Star Voter Fraud
Rafael Nadal held off an incredible fightback from Roger Federer to win his first Wimbledon title and end the Swiss star's reign at the All England Club.
Paula Creamer Leads with a Career Best 60
Lute Olson won't pursue 'one-and-done' players at Arizona.
NBA Rookie of the Year Durant wants to earn his degree.
Is one foot back on the 3-point line a step forward for NCAA hoops?
Shanteau plans to put off cancer surgery until after Beijing Games - Swimming
Jason Peter Wants To Spit In Lou Holtz's ****-ing Face 
Doctors concerned that 'Tommy John' surgery has become 'every Tom, Dick And Harry in athletics' surgery
Life at the majors sure was different B.T. (before Tiger).
Petition for Redknapp knighthood goes to Number 10
What could make chess better? How about if the players smack the crap out of each other every few minutes
Stephen A. Smith Loses His Mind On ESPN News When Talking About Bret Favre (vid)
If Anyone's to Blame, it's Favre
Say it ain't so Rose:  Bulls #1 pick pleads guilty to speeding.
Top 10 Red Sox vs. Yankee's Games in Yankee Stadium
No one knows why Barry Bonds, home run king, can't get work in Baseball.
I think A-Rod Saw Us!
Cost worries over Hadid's 'seductive' pool centre were waved aside by Olympic jury
Morneau Edges Hamilton at Home Run Derby
Alyssa Milano: Baseball Players Are Grown Men Playing a Little Boy's Sport
Aubrey O'Day swings a big bat and likes it
Bears sign former Lions RB Jones
AL Wins Final All-Star Game at Old Yankee Stadium
Ronaldinho transfers from Barcelona to AC Milan in $33M deal
Tiger Woods the Hot Topic of Conversation
Double Amputee Sprinter Fails to Qualify for Olympics -- Could still make Relay team
Danica Patrick not looking so hot at the 2008 ESPY Awards...maybe she drove over in an Indy car with her helmet on
Tour de France Stage 11 Results: Kurt-Asle Arvesen Claims
Tour de France Team Out After Test.  Rider faces criminal charges for cheating/doping.  Let's try this in the US.
Hybrids, Hybrids, Hybrids!
Harrison has no regrets
New York Giants fans now have to pay $1,000 to $20,000 for the right to buy tickets.
Rocco Mediate &amp;amp; Graeme McDowell Share First Round Lead
China orders bars not to serve blacks // Current
A beautiful theme encompassing the heart of hockey
Shaquille Oneil wins a prize...
MLS players help subdue nude passager on flight
Patriots' Kaczur had 202 pills when he was arrested.
Michelle I'm not Tiger Woods Wie doesn't have a clue.
The Stylish Athletes At ESPY 2008 Awards
Fedor's aura-building victory over Sylvia gives cred to WAMMA crown
Harrrr, matey! We're terrible!
Fair play not allways ends up fair ...
Danica Patrick A Bully On The Race Track
What would the internet have done to the 70's?
European Basketball Luring NBA Players?
Most countries in football tricks (Video) 
Whoa... I never knew there are fights in the WNBA.  
NFL Season Preview: Patriots Still Team to Beat, but the Chargers Could Win It All
Rock Climbing Knots - Alpine Butterfly
Rock Climbing Knots - Alpine Butterfly
Rock Climbing Knots - Bowline
NASCAR squeezes horsepower down on Toyota motors
They're baseball's 1 pitch wonders.
Cubs fan Steve Bartman offered $25K for just one autograph.
Dara Torrens Will Compete In Her Fifth Olympic Dames
Not just a box score
Meet your new tight end Saints fans
Steeler's Nation has Stern's Beetlejuice in their corner
Video: Minor League Baseball Brawl results with fan in the hospital/assault charges
 Army puts football star's NFL dream on hold
rain delay [pic]
Ken Griffey throws a throat slash toward Jeff Brantley's booth.
Posada to have season ending shoulder surgery
Olympics body to examine censorship claims
Pistons agree to terms with forward Kwame Brown | 
Steeler's Hampton fails running test/too fat to run....
ESPN names Valdosta TitleTown USA  
Nicolette Sheridan Pitches for Dodgers
Rush Limbaugh considering purchase of St. Louis Rams. 
Sanat FlapJacks
Beijing's Olympic makeover runs only skin deep
Jay Adams: A Lord of Dogtown Re-Emerges
Gilbert Arena's Million-Dollar Pool/Grotto/Cheesey Mural: The Pics 
Los Angeles Lakers Jerry Buss Hire Bonnie Jill Laflin Porn Model As Assistant General Manager
The backup will shill for Subway and Hummer.The starter doesn’t have time for endorsements because he has an actual job.
The Seven Worst Soccer Injuries Ever
NBA top 10 dunkers
Requiem for a Sportswriting Heavyweight
My Last Day as a New England Patriot ....Gosssip on the Pats
Griffey Traded from Reds to Sox
Panthers WR Steve Smith Punches out Teammate Ken Lucas at Practice
Packers President Says Team Will Welcome Favre Back
Nadal is now guaranteed to take over the Number 1 ranking on August 18th
U.S. Olympic pole vaulter April Steiner dancing (vid)
The Best Free Kicks by Cristiano Ronaldo
 Why is there no GB Olympic football team?
I hate Tennessee. And I don't like pumpkins
Red Sox fan sues Yankees and 2 Yankee fans alleging he was attacked at Yankee Stadium
Average Athlete vs Olympic Athlete [Video]
Cardinals Release 2009 MLB All Star Game Logo
15 fights between pro sports teammates (photos)
NBA Releases 2008-09 Schedule
Rick Reilly's take (espn) on the Army pulling 2nd Lt. Caleb Campbell out of Lion's training camp elegantly and intelligently calls out the Army's policy shift. 
Sir Bobby Robson Reveals He Is Dying
UK QB Curtis Pulley booted from Wildcat football team for team violations
Giants fan braves unbelievable hardship for Patriots 19-0 shirt.
Green Bay Sends Brett Favre Packing
11 Baseball Legends Who Were Legendary Assholes 
US Swimmers will not only have the fastest, most innovative and powerful suit at Beijing but also the trendiest
Colors flag Romania will ilumina Empire State Building 
#2 ranked USC's QB Mark Sanchez day-to-day after dislocating kneecap during practice
Does anyone know how I can get the OPENING CEREMONYS FROM THE OLYMPICS in its Entirety!! NBC IS BUTCHERING IT WITH THE EDITS?
National gymnastics women qualify in the final (Video)
Victor Hănescu to beat Simone Bolelli at the Olympics
VIDEO Camelia Potec qualified to the semifinals at 200 meters free
Best of Beijing Olympics - Day 2 [pics]
Padraig wins another major
 Georgian Popescu won in front of Sadam Ali americanului
Teens Totally Not Into Olympics
Michael Phelps Wins Third Olympic Gold
Phelps Wins 4th Gold, Sets Record in 200m Butterfly
Phelps Adds 2 Gold Medals in One Night
Inot / Michael Phelps, glontul din baltimore
Two Jews and a black man help Phelps fulfill Olympic dream
Who's Going To Win The Most Olympic Gold Medals? The Market Says China
Tiger Woods Will Not Swing a Club Until 2009
USA Gymnast Alicia Sacramone Is HOT  (PIC)
Ex-Olympian does not find sports fans properly worshipful
Olympics / The Romanian athletes for Thursday
The 10 Greatest Female Streakers In Sports History
Li Na, still close to medal
Australian women in world-record 4x200m freestyle relay win at Beijing Olympics
Best of Beijing Olympics - Day 5 [pics]
Blind South Korean archer going for second gold at the Olympics
Chicks Who Kick Ass!! (literally)
It's a good time to be a Jets fan.
Table tennis: Romania - Poland 3-2 / We will fight for bronze medals
Facts about Michael Phelps.
Beijing Olympics - Natalie Coughlin photos
Michael Phelps is not the greatest Olympic athlete in history.The quick recovery time and new technology of swimming dwarf his achievements
Congratulations To Shawn Johnson For Winning The Silver!
Ten Goals that shook the World
Michael Phelps' golden boy '- lead of baltimore (Photo)
Best goalkeeper throw ever [football]
Olympic Diver Trades Swim Suit For Flight Suit 
Michael Phepls of May took a gold medal: she seventh
Rowing / Andrunache and Susanu us bring the second gold
2009 Dolphin Cheerleaders launch their calendar in bikinis....cheerleading is critical in football.
 Official Phelps Finish Photos: Sorry, Not Available
Bolt jogs to 100m world record
West Ham 2-1 Wigan
Dalai Lama-China mistreating Tibetans during Games
Video: Phelps Wins 8th Gold Medal, Greatest Olympian In History
Michael Phelps Wins Record 8th Olympic Gold Medal
Olympic champion Sandra Izbaşa ground
Michael Phelps is fifth hottest on Facebook
US protests women's 100 over possible false start
Florin Mironcic, qualified in the semifinals simple canoe 1000 meters
Best of Beijing Olympics - Day 10 [pics]
2008 Beijing Olympics Results: United States Holds Edge in Medal Count, China Continues to Dominate Gold
2008 Beijing Olympics Results: Romania’s Sandra Izbasa Takes Gold in Women’s Floor Exercise in Gymnastics
2008 Beijing Olympics Results: He Kexin Wins Gold Medal Over Nastia Liukin in Uneven Bars
NBA legend Patrick Ewing goes back in time to save the world. 
Boldin wants Cardinals to trade him  
 US beats Japan 4-1 to make Olympic softball final
Usain Bolts to 200m gold--becomes first man to win and break records in both 100 and 200 meters at single Olympics
The Ultimate Shitty Quarterback
Best Baseball Catch Ever [Video]
Amazing story of a soccer match between a malnourished Ukrainian team and their Nazi occupiers.
NFLPA director Gene Upshaw dies
Some “money-grabbing songwriter” in England named Mark Archer is trying to develop a musical based on the life story of soccer superstar David Beckham
NFL Players Union Head Gene Upshaw Dies
NFL Great Gene Upshaw Passes Away at 63
Gene Upshaw passes away at 63 
Olympic Women's Football gold Medal Match U.S. 1 Brazil 0 
Beer Maker Anheuser-Busch Would Market Michael Phelps? - 
Pretzel City Sports - The first annual Run4Sam race will be held at Gring’s Mill Park on August 24th 2008 at 10AM in memory of Samuel Brooklyn Reed. 
Perplexed Bengals fans welcome back Chris Henry in their own way.
Hall of Famer Upshaw loses battle with pancreatic cancer - NFL
ESPN - Could this loss actually bring back Olympic softball? - 
The ballad of Aaron Rodgers
Parallels between Usain Bolt and Ben Johnson -- Hey, I'm just sayin'
5 Possible Futures For Michael Phelps  
Darts should be an olympics sport
Former NFL star charged with violating probation.
Silver not good enough for Phillips Idowu
 Cuban Olympic taekwondo athlete banned for referee kick [pics]
Is Shaquille O'Neal Stalking Alexis Miller? (Photos)
Iranian Basketball Player Has Been Cleared to Play in NBA
Best of Beijing Olympics - Day 15 [pics]
US disappointed Olympics didn't open China more 
The spectacular sex fest that followed the Olympics!
A Realistic Guide to Winning in Madden NFL ‘09
Football Videos - Portsmouth vs Man Utd Live Streaming
WOOHOO! Finally, Girls In Town Who Are WILLING To Have Abortions!
Dear Redditers: What is your pick for the top three athletes of all time? 
Sydney faked their Olympic ceremony too
Former Blazer Kevin Duckworth Dead at 44
LPGA to require all players speak English
 Kevin Duckworth, former Trail Blazer, dies at 44 - NBA
Golf Tour’s Rule - Speak English to Stay in Play - NYTimes.com
Yanks Lose to Red Sox; Tiger Woods Watches
Baseball Instant Replay Starts Thursday
Most countries KO sites in the history boxing
VIDEO: Bairam in Ghencea, Steaua in Champions League groups
Monta Ellis’s Replacement: Shaun Livingston? Say it ain't so!
Champions League Draw
  FIVE THINGS MICHAEL STRAHAN WILL BE DOING INSTEAD OF PLAYING FOOTBALL (funny)
Winning gold in London2012 better than '66 cup final
SAffers lament a bad choice at 7
YouTube - Mike Tyson vs. Buster Douglas
Drawing of the lots for the Champions League groups 
 What Exactly Does Co-Horsing Mean? (And The Rest Of Your Monday Night In Emmitt)
Michael Phelps and Stephanie Rice - kiss picture proof?
Obama's Interview w/ Stu Scott.  Watch How Horribly Stu Scott Plays Basketball.
Zurich athletics meet aims high
Sports bars scared of the Big Ten Network?
Football Videos - West Ham 4-1 Blackdurn Highlights
Football Videos - Everton 0-3 Portsmouth Highlights
1-0 Belletti (Chelsea vs Tottenham)
Football Videos - 1-1 Bent (Chelsea 1-1 Tottenham)
1-0 Belletti (Chelsea vs Tottenham)
Chad Johnson legally changes name to Ocho Cinco
Federer cruises into last 16 at Flushing Meadows
Andy Roddick And Tommy Robredo Hot At The US Open
Tulane players uprooted again
David Beckham Sex Life Improved Thanks To Mystical Necklace
Jacksonville Jaguars offensive tackle Richard Collier was shot while waiting for some women outside an apartment early Tuesday and sustained life-threatening injuries.
Chelsea fans defect to Man City - the bastards!
Kimbo Slice vs. Ken Shamrock: Full Fight Video
Elin Nordegren Woods and Tiger  Expecting Second Child
NFL Jaguars' Richard Collier shot, in critical condition in Jacksonsville | The Dish Rag | Los Angeles Times
Oliver Kahn played his last match yesterday evening. Farewell to one of the best goalkeepers ever!
Randy Couture to get his shot at Brock Lesnar
The most dangerous cities have the worst NFL teams
Replay Favors A-Rod in Yanks Win Over Rays
Lebron James Gets Owned At Horse | Sports and Chicks
Lebron James Smoked in Game of H-O-R-S-E (Video)
Top 10 Most Athletic Republicans
How fast could Usain Bolt have run the 100m?
Previewing the NFL season through the police blotter
Why Do People Have a Problem With OC-Raised USC QB Mark Sanchez Being Proud of His Mexican Heritage?
  Usain Bolt and NFL combine 40 times
ESPN Turning Their Mini Football Fields Into The Set Of Tron
Hire the USC Song Girls?
Gymnastics is hard!
Will Roger Federer Win the U.S. Open 5 Times in a Row?
Patrick Ewing TOP 13 Carrer Plays
Pats confirm Brady out for the year
Tom Brady Done for the Season with Torn ACL
Winners, losers as a result of Tom Brady's knee injury
N.F.L. Salaries: Believe in the Blind Side
Roger Federer Stomps Andy Murray for 5th U.S. Open Win
Chiefs safety Pollard regrets Brady's injury - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
From 2007:  EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY â€“ Tom Brady Knee Bounty Increased To $60, Plus Free Goodie Bag! 
Sir, I Believe You Have a Bounty To Collect.  Bernard Pollard for Tom Brady
Wrong turn: Lou Piniella sets out for Cincinnati, ends up near Pittsburgh - 
Murray loses to awesome Federer
Lauda blasts Hamilton ruling
Lance Armstrong may roll out of retirement, starting in Sacramento
Running up the score...
Welcome back to Earth:  Michelle Wie, unable to earn card on LPGA tour, enters Q-school.
MLS star breaks leg celebrating disallowed goal
70 Inch Vertical Dunk Video 
First USOC asks Olympians to wear face masks; Then the Chinese are offended; Then USOC tells Olympians to apologize; Now USOC Apologizes to Olympians... Sheesh!
Belichick: Patriots are in no rush to sign QB - NFL - SI.com
Chargers' Merriman season over after one game.
Knowshon Moreno Leaps For Georgia
Yankees Hold Back Angels
Why We Still Watch Baseball
Lance Armstrong Confirms Return to Cycling
Lance Armstrong Return Confirmed -  Will Ride Anticancer Message in Return - NYTimes.com
5 Sports Injuries That Made Us Smile
FLORIDA PLAYMATE DISSES BIG TEN GIRLS 
Police say they arrested 45 Oakland Raiders fans and used stun guns to break up several fights at Monday night’s game against the Denver Broncos.
Jessica Simpson, n addition to being a horrible live performer, she also added some trash talk that’s sure to end up in broken ribs for boyfriend Tony Romo.
Tennis queen Ana Ivanovic is the latest to don a milk mustache for the iconic “Got Milk?” because milk is a sports drink.
  Fake Joba Is A Phillies Fan, Goes On Howard Stern
No Chad Ocho Cinco
Jail cells proposed for Italian soccer stadiums
Ted Lilly Barrels Into Yadier Molina - Molina's Knee Hurt on the Play
Tom Brady’s Injury Devastates Fantasy Teams
The Most Memorable Athlete Meltdowns
The Pittsburgh Pirates' blueprint for history
Tony Romo Helps Stranded Couple Change Tire
Meet Your 2008 Ryder Cup Team Captains
College Football's Highest-Paid Losers
Vince Young may have a few issues still...
The Financial Impact of Tom Brady’s Injury | Newsweek Business | Newsweek.com
Bulgarian women's ice hockey loses 82-0; gives up more goals in four tournament games than Red Wings did last regular season
The Final 3 Out of Carlos Zambranos No Hitter
Falcons' Lawyer Milloy arrested for drunk driving
As Big SEC Game Approaches, LSU, Auburn Both Look Suspect
BYU handed UCLA its worst loss in nearly 80 years, overwhelming the Bruins 59-0 Saturday. Neuheisel still has it.
After missed call, NFL referee Hochuli to be graded down
Chelsea vs Bordeaux
Eagle's DeSean Jackson 'fumble'
Chelsea vs Bordeaux Live Streaming
The Art of the MMA Slam
The Swoosh Will Own Your Soul Eventually; Nike Brands a Bronze Statue
Ways to Get Your Girlfriend to Let You Watch Football
The Madden Curse ... En Espanol?
Josh Howard Disrespects the National Anthem
A-Rod Tops Babe's Record in Yanks Win Over White Sox
The Most Electrifying Player on Each NFL Team | Campus Squeeze
Michelle Wie Is Decent
Opposing player told Byrd he was tipping pitches
Andy Reid Breaks Down A Game From 1958
Ali gets Faldo boys punching
New owners see red over Wrigley's 'Budweiser Building' signage
Cubbie Fans, This Budweiser Lawsuit Is For You!
WAG No. 180: Giulia Siegel
Third String QBs are dumb (and more NFL observations by the B.I.G.)
Good news, bad news for Jeff Hardy
More fun with the Detroit Lions wikipedia entry
Mountaineer Fans Already Want New Coach Fired
Nats still haven't paid the rent; Stadium still not done
West Brom (WBA) Vs Aston Villa Live &amp; Highlights
Kilmarnock Vs Celtic Live &amp; Highlights
Notre Dame has been mostly harmless of late.  Whatever polarizing emotions the program once inspired – it’s both the country’s most popular and most hated team – have faded.
Yankee Stadium going, going, gone after 85 years
Boo Weekley “Rides The Pony”
This is West Virgina football!
New subreddit for Arsenal FC fans
10 Ways To Make Fun Of Other Owners In Your Fantasy Football League This Week, Lame
Roger Clemens Conspicuously Absent on Stadium Pantheon
Watch the Amaré Dribble Dance 
Detroit Lions VP (Ford Jr.) says he would fire the GM (inept Matt Millen) if he had the authority
Top 5 Weird Soccer Goals - Video
Peace out Ashley Judd - Former Miss America new Hot-Female-Face of University of Kentucky athletics
O.J. Simpson middleman made $210K off recordings
Arsenal vs Sheffield Live Streaming
Bears release wide receiver Mark Bradley, sign cornerback Marcus Hamilton
Matt Millen Removed as Lions President and CEO!!!
Matt Millen is still an inspirational poster in the making.
Why Canadian Football kinda sucks...the celebrations.
Rodney Harrison says Ricky Williams is dirty.  No hyopcrisy there.
Rosario Dawson apparently plays for Carolina
Top 10 whiniest coaches
Tom Brady Gimps Out of Hiding
I Saw The Death Of A Dynasty -yankin'
Yankees Soar Over Blue Jays in Extra Innings
Troy Brown retires after 15 years with Patriots
10 fun facts about the Matt Millen era in Detroit
Formula One Race is Singapore is good for hookers
Odd formations could become latest fad across NFL
Ryan Church's Unbelievable Slide Keeps Mets Playoff Hopes Alive (should have been out by a mile) [vid]
The dried, cured piece of finger hanging around Robles neck isn't from someone else. It is his right pinkie - which he cut off himself.
Baseball Debate Solved By Science - The Head-First Slide Is Quicker
Fans sue over seats for Cubs playoffs
The Geriatric Bowl: Favre vs. Warner.  This Sunday.
Michael Vick -- Hit for Another Huge Loss 
Ryan Parker Songs: Goodbye Matt Millen
20 Pull Ups Program Integrated with a Regular Training Routine
  Actor, IRL team owner Paul Newman dies at 83
Florida's Tim Tebow after losing: 'you'll never see someone push the rest of the team as hard as I will push everybody the rest of this season'
Sports Blog Family Reunion - Which blog is Grandpa?
The Bronco's Clifford Russell was released from the hospital
Favre's 6 TDs lead Jets past Cardinals 56-35 - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
The Buffalo Bills are 4-0 for the first time in 16 years.
 Oklahoma takes top spot in AP poll; Bama moves up to No. 2 
Rams fire Linehan, Fans say What took you so long?
Jags' Collier paralyzed, had leg amputated after 14 bullet wounds.
How UEFA and FIFA supports corruption in Polish Football Assocciation
Mandarich admits steroid use in TV interview - Shocking or typical.
With the Cubs and Sox in the playoffs, it'll be tough to be neutral
Platini's right about the Enhglish teams
Ohio State Football: A Beanie Wells Autograph Tale
Al Davis fires away on Patriots
A ton of new Yankees Stadium photos
A ROMO-SIMPSON WEDDING? 
Chicago Holy Water no Match for City of Angels
Summertime, and ski jumpin's easy. [Pic]
Rays 6, White Sox 4 Longoria’s Big Day Carries the Rays
'I have had a million pages of crap written about me. I'm ridiculed for no reason. I'm defenceless'
Longoria’s long shots lift Rays
Lawrence Phillips sentenced in LA to prison
Cubs' Fukudome heckled at Chicago's O'Hare airport
Disc Golf
Brewers Fan Gets A Thunderstick To The Dick
Angels finally figure out a way to beat Red Sox
Worst Onside Kick Ever
I bet the 'Tight End' is a hot seller 
 Ernie Davis story will reach the masses
Former pro football player Lawrence Phillips sentenced in LA to prison 
Hate hockey? Then you'll love the Ice Girls
A-Rod wipes his mouth with $100's
Angels hope to go far with John Lackey
Australia can handle Indian spinners, says Ponting
7 athletes who did not pass go, did not collect $200 and went directly to jail
Beckham will miss Galaxy game after suspension
Cristiano Ronaldo Videos
Fighting, Stabbing, Guy Randomly Punching People,  Falling Glass from Upper Level... Are you ready for some Sunday Night Football in Jacksonville?
Mets pitcher suspect in double vehicular homicide in the Dominican Republic.
A Glimpse into College Football Recruiting...
At least one Cubs fan got lucky after failure
Cubs fan finally realizes how much it sucks to be, well, a Cubs fan
Tom Brady reportedly had knee surgery Monday
'Big four' under seige from Uefa
Instead of tooling around L.A., Manny's sweet ride -- a custom-built '67 Lincoln Continental -- is being auctioned for charity. Dig deep.
Fred Couples to Enlist Tiger Woods, Michael Jordan and Robin Williams for Help
Jose Canseco Wants to Fight Again
A. Jones Practices
The World's First Underground Stadium [Pics]
Ryan Reynolds: 10 Celeb Marathoners to Beat in Ryan Reynolds' Rookie Race
Urban Golf
SLAM Interview with Gilbert Arenas: I’d f*ck Palin
Honda drivers pray for rain
Charles Rogers Has to Repay Detroit Lions $8.5 Million For League Drug Offenses
Michael Phelps: In four years I will be legal.
Pacman's new movie:  Don't Tell Jerry The Babysitter's Dead 
Punta Brava Tiger Woods new stunning oceanfront Golf Club in Mexico
Phillies’ Manuel’s mom passes away
Westbrook won’t play Sunday
Sarah Spain Banging Steve Bartman
Joe Paterno and Penn State
Magic critical of hosts after AIDS comments.  They said he faked having AIDS,
Magic Johnson Outraged Over Talk of His Faking AIDS
FCC sides with NFL network
Backup QBs get it done for WVU, Cincinnati
Switzerland lays the ghost of Luxembourg
Slow start doesn't break Ball St., which overcomes pesky Western Kentucky.  At 7-0, shouldn't they be #1.
Frank Shamrock to Fight Ken Shamrock in Brother vs. Brother MMA Clash in 2009
Someone should tell Dan Orlovsky what the big white stripe means 
Sources: League expected to punish PAcman Jones - NFL 
ESPN - Longhorns make historic leap to peak of AP's Top 25 -Texas' jump to No. 1 is the largest since Miami went from No. 6 to No. 1 on Aug. 29, 1988,
Toledo's Record Against Michigan Improves To 1-0
Legal shot in the arm for athletes | theage.com.au
 Dynamo fan banned after racist insult to D.C. keeper
Just another wild Saturday in college football
What's with all the dumb baseball commentary on television?
Damon Hill warns Hamilton to stay cool
Rookie Ranger Star Alexei Cherepanov Dies - Former NY Vet Jaromir Jagr To Blame?
Shea Stadium Loses Its Sign and More [pics]
NBA cutting U.S. staff by 9 percent because of economy
Lowe’s Motor Speedway may lose fall date
The Gathering 2009
Magic on the move
NLCS Game Four: Philadelphia Phillies Use Eighth Inning
Chiefs RB Larry Johnson faces third assault charge - Cincinnati is waiting for his release
ALCS Game Three: Tampa Bay Rays Strike Early, Take 2-1 Lead
Amare Stoudemire Won't Stop Calling My Phone
Not every Buckeye thinks Pryor should be lone QB
Last Yankee Stadium Homerun Ball to be Auctioned Off, Estimated at $200,000
Nets' Brooklyn Arena Delayed
Phillies' Shane Victorino's abiding love for Spam dish angers PETA.
Alex Rodriguez is boning a 50 year old.
This quote belongs in Cooperstown
How the Oakland Raiders can salvage their season
NFL suspends Dallas' 'Pacman' indefinitely
Drew Brees will break Dan Marino's Record
Super Bowl Tickets To Cost $1K, Or Tank of Gas
Brett Favre has mixed emotions on return to Oakland
Grass Laid at New Yankee Stadium [pics]
Tendulkar breaks Lara Test record
  Padres gauging interest in Peavy, whose contract runs through 2013 - MLB
Can motivation alone take Michigan State University or Ohio State University to victory?
Which NBA teams will fall off the 50-win pace?
Cowboys still aren’t saying whether Romo will play
Chien-Ming Wang pitches from a mound for first time since June injury
London Loves American Football
The future is now for USC's young players
Liverpool vs Wigan Live Streaming 
Baseball Signed by Alex Rodriguez and Ex-Wife Up For Sale on eBay
Bama 24, Ole Miss 20
Yankees pitcher Joba arrested for DUI - MLB 
No. 6 USC rolls WSU, 69-0.  Who says the Pac-10 is not competitive?
The Big 12 South Division looks like a tough Conference in and of its own.
Three Ways the Rays Can Beat the Red Sox
Cowboys and Mannings are among top 10 in jersey sales.  
Yankee Fans Aren't Bothered by Team's Fiscal Policy
Browns' Winslow says he had staph infection and Browns treat him like a “like a piece of meat.”
Johnson continues his Martinsville domination - NASCAR 
Tampa Bay Rays reach World Series
Bucs spell Mike Alstott's name wrong on jersey during halftime tribute
Darn accurate NJIT professor sees 59 percent chance of Rays win over Phillies in World Series
Minka Kelly Is Derek Jeter's New Flame
Wawrinka exits Swiss Indoors in first round
No action to be taken against ref who tackled quarterback in Saturday's LSU - USC game
A dozen reasons why the Phillies will beat the Rays in the World Series
Tim Tebow Picks Colt McCoy as 2008 Heisman Trophy Front
San Francisco 49ers Fire Mike Nolan as Head Coach, Mike
49ers fire Nolan, promote Singletary to head coach  
Does torn quad end Harrison's career?  
Elite XC to file bankruptcy
Walcott scores the second goal aganist Fenerbahce
Silvestre own goal aganist Fenerbahce
Diaby scores the third goal aganist Fenerbahce
A Tough, Hard-Fought LSU Tigers Victory Will Be Remember for ... A Friggin' Referee Tackle?!
Nike recognizes Arien O'Connell as a winner in Nike Women’s Marathon
Marko Jaric's girlfriend is kind of attractive (hint: her name is Adriana Lima)
Hockey Game Delayed by Dildos
Palin to drop the puck at St Louis Blues game
Two-handled tennis racquet developed in US
NBA.com has stepped up their video settings. Higher quality, and last night they were even posting half time highlights during the game. It's about time. 
Phillies Take Game 1 of World Series
Top 10 NBA salaries -- as they relate to performance
Federer moves to Swiss Indoors quarterfinals
The World Series needs more cowbell. (Video)
Class of the ‘04 Tards: Large Benjamin vs. Bitter Elisha. WHO YA GOT?  
Isiah Thomas Overdosed On Sleeping Pills
6 Reasons why MSU will beat UM Saturday
Report: Isiah Thomas overdoses on sleeping pills 
Federer makes it to Swiss Indoors final
Chase Daniel: Colt McCoy Has Such a Great Ass  
Roger Goodell Doesn't Think $1,000 Is Overpriced for Super Bowl Tickets
Chelsea vs Liverpool Live Streaming Football
Saints' McAllister denies any doping wrongdoing
Edwards wins, Johnson finishes 2nd to widen lead - NASCAR
Double triumph for Swiss skiers in Sölden
Australian Football Federation embarrasses itself and alienates fans... again
Kobe, Phelps, A-Rod, Tony Hawk Sleepover Party Commercial
NBA Power Rankings - Week 1
Secret Life Of A Tennis Pro 
NFL stars no match for bacteria: Several professional athletes have recently had staph infections
 ‘Sober Tailgating Promoted,’ Laughed At
WEC 36 Card Finalized for 11/5
Whither the weather: Wacky World Series on hold 
Cosby Does College Football
Fiorentina Vs Inter Milan Live &amp; Highlights
Bologna Vs Juventus Live &amp; Highlights
AC Milan Vs Siena Live &amp; Highlights
wicked motocross video
Video: High School Kicker Gets Rocked
John Daly Passes Out At Hooters, Ends Up Jailed
John Daly, Drunk Outside Hooters, Taken into Custody...
Lions work out quarterback Daunte Culpepper - NFL
John Daly Gets Drunk And Passes Out At A Hooters
A long time coming: Phillies win the World Series!
Golfer John Daly Passes Out At Winston-Salem Hooters, Spends Night In Jail (with mugshot)
Hot College Female Athlete Competition.... five words, one dream.
Phillies Phan Hit In Head With Glass Bottle, Falls From Lightpost
Top 10 reasons for everyone to be happy the Phillies won 
John Daly + Hooters = Passed out drunk in a flower bed
Hansbrough Out Indefinitely With Stress Reaction In Leg
It's not something that can't be fixed, Paterno said Thursday on his weekly radio show. But it's gonna be fixed. When we do it, I'm not sure.
Injured Federer pulls out of Paris Masters
Extreme bowls. World Record attempt at crown green bowls
Running in Heat and Humidity
Thousands of fans cheer Phillies at parade
Man Bowls 300 Game, Collapses on the Spot and Dies of Heart Attack
Football Team Helps Storm-Damaged Town Bounce Back
Philadephians Could Care Less About Chase Utley Swearing
Idaho HS Player Arrested for Punching Own Coach
Late INT lifts Northwestern past Minnesota 24-17 
A list of Miami Hurricanes in the NFL 
JBOMB Basketball Blog
Autograph Signing Just Part of the Job - 'You Sign Everything'
Were 2008 playoffs a dud? Ranking the MLB postseasons  
Conrad Dobler: A Dirty Shame.   The All Time NFL's dirtiest player.
Brady Quinn replaces Anderson as Browns quarterback - NFL  
Hamilton Overtakes Glock in the last lap.. [gif]
Roma vs Chelsea Highlights
Anorthosis vs Inter Milan Highlights
Interesting article on what makes Scott Boras the most powerful agent in baseball (hint: carry no investors in your company)
Top 12 reasons why the Browns switched to Brady Quinn 
CB thrown off Gators squad after battery arrest or just keepin' it real according to Urban Meyer  
Obama supports a College Football Playoff!!! How could you not love this man? (video)
John Daly has come forth to set the record straight on last week’s incident.  And by “set the record straight,” I mean “confuse me with statements that don’t fit in with the police report.”
Top Israeli tennis player Shahar Peer in a purple bikini (Pics)
Real Madrid vs Juventus Highlights
NBA TV Top 10: November 4th, 2008
Sony Ericsson WTA Tour - Doha, Qatar 
NBA TV Top 10: November 5th, 2008
Allen Iverson likes practice still.
Football Star Warrick Dunn Faces His Mother’s Killer
NBA Courtside Countdown Play of the Week: November 6th, 2008
Healthy Again, McNabb is Leading the Eagles Back
No. 10 Utah rallies to beat No. 11 TCU  
Wanna hang out with A-listers? An hour with David Beckham is only $666 per minute…so far
Back in the ’80s, when the Browns always looked like they were going to pull out a win against Denver, but then the Broncos miraculously rallied for the win?  Yeah, that happened again last night.
Nike Air Zoom TW 2009
Are you kidding me???  SICK and THICK, and he's so deep!
West Ham vs Everton Highlights
NBA TV Top 10: November 7th, 2008
Roy Keane savages 'brainwashing' television pundits
Professional Bowlers Offer Obama Lessons!
Hank Baskett Proposes To Kendra Wilkinson
Ouch: Iowa upset over Penn State means no shot at the national championship. You're welcome, Bama and Texas Tech
For Amateur Swimmers, the Cost Of Success Doesn't Suit Everyone
He Helped Elect a President; Now Comes a Harder Job
10 great football hits of 2008 
World motor racing champion is scared of fast cars 
Basketball - How to Set Up For A Game
The Tailgating Stipper Pole (LSU v. Alabama)
10 great fat guy moments in sports 
Coach Allegedly Punishes College Pitcher for Being Late by Making Him Kneel in Front of a Pitching Machine and Take Baseballs to the Chest
Some members of Saints organization 'hate' Shockey 
Clippers' Baron Davis Endorses Shoes and Clothing Line in China
Man Utd vs QPR Highlights
The Top 10 Cheerleader Scandals Of All Time
Ancelotti hails Ronaldinho's return to form
Muhammad Ali Cast Sculpture For Sale for $7,000,000!
Stanley Cup Rematch Prediction: Pittsburgh Penguins Will Beat The Detroit Red Wings
Is it even good for Dallas when Terrell Owens is fed the ball?
Red Sox freeze ticket prices for ‘09
A.I. Gets First W with the Detroit Pistons
Blazers' Oden says he's ready to return tonight
Chelsea Star Ashley Cole Sues Over Sex Claims
He's Not That Sort Of Player (They Never Are): Chris Morgan fractures a man's skull, but he's just a victim of his own reputation.
LeBron Dunk Controversy - Superhuman or WeakSauce?
No. 14 Ball St. improves to 10-0 with 31-16 win
Knicks Fans Discover Striking Palms Together Makes Uplifting And Appreciative Noise
NFL safety got cut, took job at Arby's
Cubs, Wood part ways 
Yankees get Swisher from ChiSox
15 Adrenaline Pumping Moments
Easily the worst sports related Christmas gift of the year
Top 10 NFL Punt/Kick Returns
Hoffman sounds off about messy divorce with Pads. Very poorly handled by execs 
Michael Barry's diary: The story of a cyclist
Burnley get Arsenal reward for Chelsea win�-�News�-�Football�-�The Times of India Sports
Can Obama's Victory Bring Olympics To Chicago?
USC gets revenge with 45-23 win over Stanford
UFC 91 fight video of Randy Couture Vs. Brock Lesnar
LSU comes back from 28 points down to beat 6-4 Troy from the Sunbelt Conference
Daniel puts No. 12 Missouri in Big 12 title game
USC gets revenge with 45-23 win over Stanford 
ESPN - Boston Red Sox were ready to suspend Manny Ramirez before he was traded
Doping in sport: Impossible to control, time for a new mindset
Report: Armstrong to meet Tour de France officials 
Red Sox’ Agreement That Landed Ted Williams Is Up For Sale
Michigan's last shot at glory comes at Ohio State - They are 24 point underdogs in a rivalry game.
Remember Todd Marinovich?  Check out the Legal Troubles and Memorable Moments.
Todd Marinovich's brother hopes the smoking business goes a little better NCAA Football
Miami Hurricanes enter Associated Press Top 25 poll; top 16 unchanged
Mark Cuban (Dallas Mavericks owner) charged with insider trading
Italian cyclist Riccardo Ricco files CAS appeal over doping ban
Mark Cuban accused of insider trading.
Mark Cuban Charged with Insider Trading
Stacy Keibler &amp; Test Scheduled For Wrestling Convention
NFL might change replay rules before playoffs 
Sweet Jaysus, it's Don Cherry Rock 'em Sock 'em Techno
Mass layoffs expected in NASCAR this week.  As many as 1,000 could lose jobs in 3 national series due to economic crisis.
steroids have many side effects, see a new side effect diagnosed on Roger Clemens
Steroid Nation: Albert Pujols is mad as hell, and he ain't taking it (steroids) anymore
Ricky Hatton Expects 10,000 Fans in Vegas, Hopes They Don't Boo the National Anthem
The worst hair in college basketball
Meet Magic Johnson - Sports Museum of America, NYC
TMQ: Replace the refs!
Obama wants College Football Playoffs [video]
Top 10 NBA Players Salaries 2008-2009 Season
Scotland and England: Two proud Footballing Nations that could be on the End of a Hammering
Sports Personality extra: Cycling heroes reunited | Sports Personality |  BBC SPORT
Donovan McNabb playing basketball at Syracuse, Video. That is why he did not know about the whole tie thing :-)
Lawson and Ellington Alley-Oop vs. Kentucky
Monster hit on receiver. How was he still concious enough to catch the ball?
Desmond Howard Is Not Impressed With Rich-Rod: 'This Is Michigan, Not Michigan Tech'
Top 10 Eagles that have to go
On NCAA BB recruiting: What's dirtier: college basketball or politics? Pat Knight said. Let's put it this way. None of us are going to run for office.
Texas Tech #1, Texas #2 in bloggers poll.
Is New York Baseball Cursed? 
Mike Mussina to retire
The Six Best Insider Sports Blogs 
Shaquille O'Neal discovers Twitter
Mike Mussina Retiring from New York Yankees
 Fordham Women’s Basketball Ends 35 Game Losing Streak
Cowboys say they will not let Pacman be a distraction
I love football, but how ridiculous is it that a backup TE makes $36,000/wk and a substitute teacher makes $700/wk? Who contributes more to society?
Loyola coach sits in stands, avoids strange ejection
Man City vs Arsenal Highlights
2008 This Year in Baseball Awards - vote now! 
Should the Red Sox Trade Big Papi?
Georgia Tech ruins Miami's return to the rankings
2010 Olympic torch relay itinerary released.
The All Fat Baseball Team
Watch Davis cup final live and Highlights
The Buckeyes have a strong shot at winning five in a row over rival Michigan for the first time in school history.
Vick moved to Va. to face state dogfighting charges
Report: Browns will give Cowher $8-9 million to coach
Sweet Sioux Tomahawk, long a symbol of the Illinois-Northwestern football rivalry, has been retired
East Central Scores 115 Points......and Loses to Texas Tech
 Missouri, Gary Pinkel agree on big contract extension
A first for the Thunder: boos.   
PROFILES IN BADASSERY: CALE YARBOROUGH
INTERVIEW: Erin Andrews Talks Video Games, Says She Isn't Leaving For Hollywood
New York Knicks Clear Salary Cap Space to Pursue LeBron James?
F1 Driver Mark Webber: Multiple arm and leg fractures after accident on bike
Table Tennis Cartwheel
Jimmy Connors arrested in Santa Barbara
Sam Cassell doesn’t wear underwear
5 Things You Didn’t Know: The NFL
Top 5 NFL Games for Week 12
Danish Taxes Nail WSOP Winner
West Ham on the rise
#s 1-5 = Alabama, Florida, Oklahoma, Texas, USC
Joe Paterno's least greatest hit.  (pic)
#42 - Chief Kickingstallionsims
 Sport awards 2008: OSM meets Mark Cavedish, this year's hero of the Tour de France who lost out in Beijing | Sport | The Observer 
58 carries for 365 yards - South Panola High School runs their streak to 88 wins!
Coming at You! NFL to Broadcast Game in 3-D 
Ohio State rolls over Michigan for history-making 5 games in a row
Head coach Eddie Jordan fired by Washington Wizards; Ed Tapscott made interim coach
Michael Jordan Shatters the Backboard in Italy
LenDale White is awfully upset for a guy on a 10-1 team
Impossible Snowboard Triple Backflip
Moose Deserves the Hall
There is no better way to celebrate a win than getting grabbed and punched in the balls by a bunch of offensive lineman on the bus.
Maria Sharapova in Spanish GQ (probably NSFW)
The World's Oldest Bodybuilder
Number of Phillie Fans
With an All-Pro apology, Vick deserves to play in the NFL again -
Does anyone know of a good hockey podcast or a sports podcast that covers hockey? Preferably something smart, well produced, with interesting stories etc.
Sporting Lisbon vs Barcelona Highlights
Bordeaux vs Chelsea Highlights
The McCourt Family Is Sending Mixed Financial Signals While a Journalism War Rages On
Lawerence Tynes seeking pardon for pot-dealing brother who's scheduled release is 2026
A basketball fight where somebody actually lands a punch
LeBron Feels Right At Home Inside MSG
Stupid College Hoops Game Strategy: Never, Ever Do It Again!
Michael Vick Is Planning a Comeback, Already in Contact With Roger Goodell
Ocho Cinco acknowledges benching was merited
In college football, it's politics over playoffs 
Earl Weaver on the Orioles
King George
Arkansas softens blow of no bowl by rallying to stun LSU
Brian Burke is the new GM of the Leafs!
Mississippi State Bulldogs coach Sylvester Croom resigns
Dude runs onto pitch during a match, player kicks him in the balls and gets sent off.
NBA Teams Use NBA Live 09 for Player Analysis
Belgium Knee Warmers: Thanksgiving II
Forget Boston, L.A. and the Cavs. Dwight Howard is a Monster who is getting better every day and will lead the Magic to the Championship
Bettini torna in gruppo Da corridore a manager - Gazzetta dello Sport
Sean Taylor inducted into Redskins Ring of Fame - NFL 
Clayton leads Ravens over Bengals 34-3 - NFL 
Plaxico Burress Shooting | Video
How To Play Basketball Defense
With End Near, Marbury Lashes Out at Knicks
Video - Plaxico Burress Taken Away in Handcuffs from NYC 17th Precinct.
My Solution To Athletes Carrying Guns by Brian Cuban
Ronaldo wins European Footballer of the Year, and I limp off the pitch
Baseball in the Year 2000: Predictions from 1981
Ammunition Accountability Acts in 18 states, seek to take ammunition from sportsmen and gun owners.
The four-game suspensions for Vikings defensive tackles Pat and Kevin Williams have been upheld.
NFL suspends six players for doping violations 
Sean Avery Gets Suspended for Elisha Cuthbert Sloppy Seconds Comment (Video)
Vote Stephon Marbury into the 2009 All-Star Game!
Inside Citi Field - 12/2 [pics]
Picture of Plaxico Burress in handcuffs
Phil Jackson - The bigger your head is, the easier your shoes are to fill. 
NHL should be promoting Sloppy Seconds Avery, not burying his career for dissing Elisha Cuthbert
NASCAR begging fans to show support for bailout for the American automobile industry
Dwight Howard: The Real Superman
Man Utd vs Blackburn Highlights
NFL suspends six players for doping violations
SUNY Geneseo Wins On Circus Shot 
Yao Ming transformer.
Lance Armstrong and Alberto Contador training together
Why have Arsenal and Chelsea matches no longer being posted to Usenet groups?  Just wondering if anyone knew?
Boston Red Sox reward MVP Dustin Pedroia with six-year deal
Keane and Sunderland part company
Gators vs. Crimson Tide: National Championship Game berth on the line
NFL offers first live game broadcast in 3-D 
Sports Genetic Testing—Winning at what cost?
Skateboard jump over fire hydrant: FAIL
Avery might be dumb, but Bettman overreacted
Oakland Interested in One Year of Big Unit
Spotlight On The Receivers Now
Hartnell throws his GLOVE to try and stop breakaway..(video)
22,722 teddy bears being thrown onto the ice at a Calgary Hitman hockey game [VID]
Honda poised for Formula One pull-out due to the worldwide credit crunch.
7 New Ways to Act Stupid
Gonzo: Burress is butt of Gocong's humor
Sports Bar Etiquette 
Honda blames global crisis for F1 withdrawal
Testing Shows that Plaxico Burress is Genetically Predisposed to Make Poor Decisions
Sir Alex Ferguson: Roy Keane may not return as a manager after Sunderland exit
Travel Guide to Every College Football Bowl Game - where to stay, where to eat, where to party for each game
Greg Maddux to announce retirement Monday
College football weekend preview
Basketball - Amazing Diving Shot FTW
Rating the NHL's new third jerseys - Photos 
Frustrated Ben&amp;iacute;tez ready to leave &amp;pound;20m Keane on bench
Giants' Pierce talks with detectives
Ball St. 24, Buffalo 42 - Fumbles Away MAC Championship
Alex Rodriguez says he will play for Dominicans in 2009 WBC
An interview with Arsenal's captain Cesc Fabregas
It's official: Sarkisian hired to coach Huskies.
Cristiano Ronaldos' bizarre walk-out overshadows late winner
 NFL - Which Manning boy would you take?
Missouri 21, Oklahoma 62 - 
Gators, Sooners win, likely get BCS title spots - College Football - Rivals.com
Dynasty: UNC Women's Soccer wins 19th National Championship 2-1 over Notre Dame.
Florida, Oklahoma to play for BCS title
Penn State, USC to play in Rose Bowl 
Alabama heads to Sugar after missing BCS game
Cincinnati-Virginia Tech matched for Orange Bowl
Distractions and Eagles catch up with Giants - NFL
Titans clinch first AFC South title since 2002 - NFL
Patriots 24, Seahawks 21: Patriots stay alive in AFC East with come from behind win against Seahawks 
NFL to players: Don't call the cops, call us
It’s Getting Crazy Already
For Sale Sign on Buffalo Sabres?
Morten Andersen, NFL's all-time top scorer, quits - NFL \
Cubs worth less than a billion dollars to Tribune Co.
Matt Millen still running the show in Detroit
Charles Barkley and Michael Jordan talk about the Homeless on Oprah, video
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Rays news from the Winter Meetings in Vegas
Bill Stewart: Now This Is The Way To End A Press Conference
Visanthe Shiancoe Slip Of The Towel
 Padres make progress on Jake Peavy-to-Cubs trade
Exposed Visanthe Shiancoe: How'd It Look?
9 Greatest Stadium Sex Moments of 21rst Century
Oregon Ducks to play bowl game in hometown of freshman defensive back who died tragically over the summer.
Lions' Raiola doesn't regret obscene gesture
Mark Ecko not looking to buy EliteXC
Source: Cubs not 'remotely close' to Peavy deal
Illinois governor charged with Cubs sale-related crimes
Deadspin's Video Mash-Up To Commemorate The Year in Sports Buffoonery
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Rays report from day two of the winter meetings
Yanks Reportedly Sign CC Sabathia
Sonya Curry college basketball's hottest mom
Man Utd vs AaB Highlights
Nascar Facing Sponsor Trouble And A Declining Fan Base
Martin Johnson pays tribute as Josh Lewsey ends England career
Minor League Baseball: If A Game Lasts Longer Than Four Hours, Please Consult Your Doctor
Blame Canada: Buffalo blues
Boom goes the dynamite hits Family Guy
Cristiano Ronaldo's girlfriend is on a Russian dating site
Glen 'Big Baby' Davis Throw Tantrum Like a Baby After KG Gave Him A Lesson
NFL to cut 10% of staff due to Economic Slump
ECHL affiliate of the NHL's Calgary Flames will don prison-style uniforms to pay tribute to recently disgraced Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich
Heisman Trophy Names Three Finalists
OJ Simpson sentenced to 15 years 
Mets Put Putz in Bullpen
Devastating Josh Koscheck KO at UFC Fight for The Troops
Why Mexican soccer players who look 12 years old shouldn't drink
Clemens has 'no chance' for Hall of Fame: McNamee (like he's casting a vote or something, but I do agree w/him)
Graham Harrell Snubbed By Heisman Travel Agency
Twisted logic will rob McCoy of Heisman
Pads GM: Cubs' pursuit of Peavy is over
Vote in Sports Illustrated's Clicksy Awards!
Winslow wants to be back with Browns - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Tuberville's resignation specifies $5.08M payment - College Football 
Gary Payton would make an ugly Anderson Varejao, Video
Larry Brown knows the Bobcats Suck, and that Borris and Raja must be disappointed, Video
Top Football Misses - Video
'What the guys did was really special'
A writer's adventure in the D-League 
HOFer and GOP Senator Jim Bunning Removed From Signing Appearence at Michigan Show
The 50 Most Depressing NFL Gifts You Can Buy
Washington Capitals web editor to play backup goalie against Ottawa tonight.
NHL - Washington Capitals dress website producer as backup goalie!
Burnett just got a little bit richer - 82.5 million Yankee dollars to be exact
Mad Skills
Tim Tebow Wins Bumpshack Heisman Trophy Award
ESPN Page 2 - Sports Guy: The NFL fan's anti-gift list
Mets' K-Rod: 'We're going to be the team to beat'
Auburn Tigers hire Gene Chizik
Kmic sets NCCA rushing record
T-Mobile Ad Featuring Dwyane Wade and Sir Charles
Cristiano Ronaldo thinks he's Santa Claus 
Dallas Stars say that forward Sean Avery will not return to the team
Andre Johnson leads Texans over Titans 13-12 - NFL 
The Chiefs were up 21-3, then realized they were playing for Matthew Stafford.
Steelers rally to beat Ravens 13-9, win AFC North -
10 great snow sports wipeouts
Who would have won the Heisman from 1900-1934
Buccaneers to wait on deciding between Garcia and Griese
NFL: Blowhards can be a dream and a nightmare
Breakdown of the race for the NFL playoffs
Celtics and Lakers vs. the 1995-96 Bulls
Top 5 NBA Most Underrated Double-Double Players
What s With the Lips Tattoo | Denver Nuggets Kenyon Martin Explains
Fifa 'to allow GB football team'
Paul Ince sacked by Blackburn
Sports that give you the most bang for your buck
A 'Cowboy' Story
Globetrotters player dies during tour
Calling out Auburn 
Nine Tech Innovations That Have Rocked Sports Fans' Worlds
Michael Vick Is Selling His Powerboats to Pay for His Legal Bills
Sony, Fox Sports offer 3-D college football event 
Bettman supports Stars' handling of Avery
The Beautiful Game: Barcelona leaves rest of league far behind
Duke's Freshman Dunk Specialist
Someone's developing a football with insane technology
NFL Head Coaches Who Defied Expectations in 2008
Maybe we should stop booing Vince Carter, Toronto...
Ken Shamrock returning to the ring in February
Illinois LB Wilson leaves hospital after stabbing
Why the NHL ticket-price freeze is a bad idea
Joba's DUI arraignment delayed
A 64-blog bracket to find 2008's best sports blog
The NFL's Dumbest Plays of 2008
Saints RB Reggie Bush to miss rest of the season
Washington's Fletcher rips Pro Bowl voters
As a Braves fan who sometimes sits 10 rows behind first base, I can only say I'm glad...
Yao Ming: Stop Being Marketing Asset Guy and Start Being THE Basketball Guy
Carl Peterson Is FIRED (he di'nt resign): Ding-Dong The Witch Is Dead!
WEEKEND AT PATERNO’S | With Leather - Sports news and gossip for thick-skinned apathetic types
Mayweather v Hatton 2? Let's hope so if the press conferences are like this.
Captain Canuck
New Mexico Bowl Finally Doesn't Feature New Mexico
Chattanooga Hosts The NCAA Division I Football Championship
Emerald Bowl Puts Hurricanes In Tough Spot
Burke hurt by Canuck snub on Linden's night
Top-earning Canadian athletes
Former Cubs pitcher Dave Smith dies
India cancel 2009 cricket tour of Pakistan
How to Play Guard
Streaming Sport: Today on SportShare
Streaming: Champions League Draw
Champions League Draw
Streaming: UEFA Cup Draw
Tiki Barber backs Burress, say media was unfair
United to face Inter as top teams clash 
Obama's Basketball-Playing Cabinet Has Everyone Wanting In on Game - WSJ.com
The greatest signing in Detroit Tiger history
NHL: The bargain-basement league
Letterman's Top 10 12/8/08 (Ball State Head Coach Brady Hoke)
NASCAR settles suit with ex-official
Streaming Calcio: Parma - Cittadella
Derek Jeter Scores Alot
Prosecutor's statement threatens Roger Clemens' lawsuit
You Cant Make This Up: Buc's DE Changes Name in Honor of 'Teen Wolf'
Today on SportShare
Streaming Calcio: Real Madrid - Valencia
Streaming Calcio: Siena - Inter
USC Headed to Pasadena
Ejections, arrests up at Cleveland Browns Stadium
O.J. victim denies ever having Hall of Fame ring
The RCA Dome gets imploded (video)
DeAngelo Williams Credits ... Vinny Testaverde (??) for His Breakout 2008 Season
British yachtswoman resumes race after rival is rescued
Streaming Calcio: Villareal - Barcelona
Japanese gripped by Man Utd fever
0-15
Casey at the Bat (in baseball card form)
Adebayor - It was like a knife attack
Looks first, knowledge later
Hodgson leads Canada over Finland in world junior tune-up
Titans make a statement
LeBron gives Cavaliers fans hope that he won't break their hearts
Canucks excited to welcome Sundin
Streaming Calcio: Iraq vs. World XI
Sundin, sponsor playing their cards right
Streaming Calcio: Everton - Chelsea
Junior Seau Gets Tackled by Fan
Mount Union wins 10th Division III title, 31-26 - Kmic over 8000 yards for his career.
Lions' Marinelli won't accept sportswriter Parker's apology
UFC 94 Lineup Complete; Fitch/Gono on Undercard
Should NFL Refs Don Pads or Be Trained to Body Check?
Best Midwest Ski Destinations.
Need to know info if you're going to an outdoor sports game in winter
Belichick: Insight on why he is the Best
Ump forearms Rams running back Kenneth Darby.
Terry sent off as Chelsea draw at Everton
Detroit Free Press's Road to XVI: Five Days Away from Green Bay
Simon Grayson is the new manager of Leeds United
NBA Basketball Referee's Tolerance Toward Aggresive Defense - A More Laid Back Refereeing These Days?
Cowboys vs Eagles: A Lot on the Line
TEIXIERA TO THE YANKEES - BASEBALL IN DC = DEAD
Hope: Heartwarming sports story about Texas high school football team's fans rooting for visiting winless team
Meet the Yankees New First Baseman
SEXIEST ATHLETES OF 2008: LERYN FRANCO [pics. lots of them]
This is Extreme! First Descent. on 7601.  
This Just In: Golf is a Sport
Real Estate Website Scams
While the AFL is regrouping af2 will go on.  The business side of arena football.
Mark Teixeira Agrees to $180M Yankees Deal
Weapons, ammo, pants seized at Burress' NJ home.
Semipro to Sooners: A Player’s Odyssey
NBA Christmas Games Highlights
New York Times Looks to Sell Red Sox Stake
What's the first college bowl game worth watching this season?
NFL Playoff Scenarios 
Actual headline
0-16
Steelers’ Roethlisberger leaves with concussion
The Topps Monopoly
Manning extends own record, Harrison now second on catches list
Aiders rally past Bucs to end Tampa Bay's playoff hope
Falcons headed to playoffs on winning note after beating Rams
One vote for Peyton Manning as MVP 
Brees second player to pass for more than 5,000 yards.  16 shy of Marino's record.
Johnson, Texans end Chicago's season, 31-24 
Colts won their 12th game for a sixth straight season, extending their own NFL record.
Brett Favre likely finishes his career with 3 picks including a pick 6.
The NFL, home of the determine sudden-death-by-a-coin-toss, is about to allow an 8-8 team to leapfrog an 11-5 and a 9-7 team into the playoffs.
Eagles make playoffs. Philadelphia explodes.
2009 NFL Draft Order
How to fish crankbaits in stump fields.
Houston's Memorial Hermann Hospital drops Roger Clemens' name from Sports Medicine Institute
Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard was arrested today after a brawl at a restaurant.
Detroit Lions coach Marinelli fired after 0-16 season
The Cleveland Browns fire coach Romeo Crenell. 
The Tom And Gisele Engagement Fact of Fiction
Online sports articles and news over the net
If the NFL MVP was the MOP, things would be much simpler
Bill Cowher Tells the Browns No; Browns to Focus on Scott Pioli
Maria Sharapova's Women's Health photo spread
Report: 2010 Pro Bowl to precede Super Bowl
Top 11 ways to celebrate Cowboy Elimination Day 
A photo essay of the Lions' 0-16 season
The NFL's Faces of Fail
Bloody Monday: Crennel, Mangini, Marinelli fired day after season
David Henry Sterry: NFL Cracks Down On Snow Angels and Asks for Economic Bailout
Current betting odds on all NCAAF games. USC expected to win Rose Bowl 
Former WR Rison arrested for public intoxication
Any Golden State Warriors fans here? Anyone else starting to get really excited about Belinelli? Here's more awesome highlights from last night.
DeRosa traded to Cleveland
Terry Bowden named new coach at North Alabama
Papa Joe :: I've seen two movies in the last 40 years: E.T. and Titanic. I walked out of Titanic, I felt like I was in the bath.
Robbie Madison motorcycle jump New Years Eve
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: MLB Network struggles in Tampa Bay debut
Interesting details to Charles Barkley DUI
Red Wings spoil Blackhawks' fun outdoors
Jason Whitlock: Some Leftover Truths for the New Year
Roll Tide!
Why Sir Charles was in a rush when he got a DUI
Mexican billionaire denies buying Honda Formula One team
You're with me, leather -The Legend of Chris Berman
Warner, defense, lead Arizona past Atlanta 30-24
Amazing Soccer [Football] Freestyler
Peyton Mannings Haircut Trivia
New England Patriots Examiner: Wild Card Saturday: How did the former New England Patriots do?
2009 Sprite Slam Dunk Contest - They Slam, You Decide
Pushing beyond our football hangover to support all teams in the Bulldog Nation
Tarheels Fall
Some people say Tuarian Fontenette is the best dunker ever. Here's a reel of highlights - and this doesn't even include his 720º dunk!
Hip &amp; Shoulder.
WWNFL (QB Tarvaris Jackson gets chokeslammed)
Lance Armstrong Hints at the Possibility of Politics in His Future After Cycling
Daniela Hantuchova @ Brisbane International 2009
Florida's Tebow files papers with NFL
Longtime MN Twins owner Carl Pohlad dies - Where does this leave the Twins?
Champions Ferrari will be the first Formula One team to reveal their 2009 car with an unveiling scheduled for their Maranello factory on Jan. 12, the Italian team said on Monday.
Basketball Inventor James Naismith Autograph For Sale
Former NBA player Antoine Walker arrested
Cheapest Ticket for BCS National Championship? $594
Report: Patriots to put franchise tag on Cassel
Yabusame: The most bad-ass sport in the world
Does Farve's fail further prove the 'Madden Curse'? The only guy who seems to avoid the curse is...John Madden himself. [Gene Mueller]
The hardest job in football is in the production trailer -- great article
Recruit accidentally the whole trophy
Saints QB Brees is AP Offensive Player of Year
Preview of the Berto Collazo Title Fight
For the martial arts  fans, i found a cool video, i enjoyed!!
Letterman's Top 10 1/5/09
Shauna Sand and boyfriend at Villa Lounge in Hollywood
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Rays 2009 player preview: Carlos Pena
Manny Pacquiao and His Wife Jinkee Welcomed a Baby Girl
Philip Rivers: Priceless [PIC]
Cleveland Browns to Hire Ex-New York Jets Head Coach Eric Mangini
Browns to hire Eric fired last week by the New York Jets Mangini as coach
Jarkko Ruutu bites a guy, gets two game suspension from the NHL.  Sean Avery calls his ex sloppy seconds, gets banned from the league. The NHL is fair.
Eli Manning's wife clubbing
Boston sportstalk radio afternoon drivetime host signs $5mil contract
Lacrosse cheerleaders just as hot as NFL cheerleaders, here's the proof
Mass Genocide of Doves
California woman finds baseball card from 1869
The Worst Chokes In Golf
Howie Long's Kid: Drunk, Busted, Headed To Community College
What's the Biggest Sports Upset?
After Thursday night's championship game President-elect Barack Obama says college football STILL needs playoff
Maria Sharapova warming up
The NFL playoffs need to be tweaked. The solution is simple.
Were NBA Players Secretly Acting On HBO’s “The Wire”?
Obama: We need a playoff system
Watch Online Arsenal Vs Bolton Wanderers Live Streaming
An Interview with NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell
49ers, Raiders Could Share Stadium Due to Bad Economy
Arizona Cardinals.  Their division gives them 6 wins for free, meaning they've won a total of 5 games to get the NFC championship and 1 game from the SuperBowl
Middle Tennessee beats Florida International 68-63
Female tennis stars told to cover up
Adam Pacman Jones: I Like-A The Strip Clubs
LECAVALIER ASSURED A TRADE IS NOT IN THE WORKS
Arizona Cardinals vs. Philadelphia Eagles: The Cheerleaders
Jonny Flynn's NASTY crossover and dunk (video)
Girls take male wrestlers to the mat 
Tony Dungy is Stepping Down
Drug Probe Reveals That Baseball Players Are Really ADD, at Least According to the Amount of Adderall They're Taking
Rickey being Rickey - Stories about the newly elected Hall of Famer, Rickey Henderson
Tecmo Super Bowl - Christian The Nigerian Nightmare Okoye
82-foot buzzer beater (video)
Tony Dungy retires as a man of uncommon decency.
Golf Babes: Sophie Sandolo
Bristol City vs Portsmouth Live free online pc FA cup
Ricky Henderson Elected to Baseball Hall of Fame
Each year that you survive and earn the right to wear the uniform for another season, you find it harder to define yourself without it.
Breaking: Atlanta Braves Snag Derek Lowe in four-year deal 
Braves Sign Derek Lowe 
Interview with sexiest freeskier in the world, Sarah Burke
Streaming Calcio: Bursaspor - Bayer 04 Leverkusen
Five Points Deducted From Oxford United
Maradona tells Tevez to move to Inter Milan
The zone of conflict [cartoon]
Ovechkin-Malkin friendship grows cold
Jennifer Hudson to sing anthem at Super Bowl
L.T. to be traded?
10 Best Super Bowl Commercials Of All Time
D-League grants first protest in eight-year history
South St. Paul Examiner: Minnesota's Tubby Smith could be next secretary of defense
Hartford Mayor Talks NHL Franchise With Bettman
Drunk on success, NHL floats Rose Bowl, Vegas Winter Classics 
Heisman winner Bradford staying at Oklahoma 
Burress, dealer differ on details of truck deal - NFL 
Pitt's McCoy leaves for NFL after 2 seasons - College Football
Boldin practices, says he'll play Sunday - NFL 
Derrick Favors, Country's Top Basketball Prospect, Announces He Will Attend Georgia Tech
Baracklyn Cyclones? How the sports world is capitalizing on the election...
Righteous Kill Contest: Our ultimate QB/WR combo 
Giant payday coming to Eli Manning after laying Eagle egg.  Could be the highest paid QB ever per season.
You Know Who Wants Baltimore to Win? Jesus. 
Barry Bonds swings for the fences.
Karl to Cuban: Leave my players alone
Hughes defends cost of Kaka deal
Orlando Magic Set an NBA Record for Most Three-Pointers in a NBA Game (VIDEO)
Pittsburgh mayor changes name to 'Steelerstahl'
Did you know that there are awards for the best Fantasy sports sites. Here's the nominees for 2008.
I hate Reggie Miller
Detroit Lions name Tennessee Titans defensive coordinator Jim Schwartz as new head coach
Ugh, the Spurs, Now I Remember...
Cuche prepares to conquer Lauberhorn downhill
Swiss skier Janka opens Lauberhorn with a bang
Major League Ballparks In The Winter 
Dennis to quit as McLaren F1 boss
The Curious Case of Jesus in Sports
Streaming Calcio: AS Livorno - Ascoli
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Rays news and notes for Friday
Polamalu practices normally, calf injury not an issue -
Rosenhaus says Owens isn't leaving Dallas 
Mark Sanchez tops tons of talent.  Mock top 10 picks in NFL
Streaming Calcio: AC Milan - AC Fiorentina
 Armstrong calls for tennis, football probe as ‘puerto’ reopens
Rua rewarded despite atrocious performance 
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Rays 2009 player preview: Grant Balfour
Taking your Wonderlics
Ryan Clark lays out Willis McGahee
Win exciting prizes by playing this cricket contest
Mondays with Bob Greene: I’m chasing a lot of records
NFL vs NHL Hits. Total destruction.
Ana Ivanovic pics at the Australian Open 
Kaka stays at AC Milan
I think this sums up the fans of both franchises in the Superbowl nicely...
NFL Pencils are a Student Favorite
Fomer NASCAR driver Ben Collins is Top Gear's 'The Stig'
Priest who blessed dugout says Cubs chairman threw him 'under the bus'
When Did Brenda Warner Stop Looking Like Ivan Drago And Start Getting Hot?
The HIt
USC hires former Broncos offensive coordinator
Jermaine Pennant Joins Portsmouth
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Five reasons the Arizona Cardinals are NOT like the Tampa Bay Rays
Kaka rejects world record move to Man City
South St. Paul Examiner: The 60's were generous to the Minnesota Twins
Is this a tennis match or a soccer game?
Top 10 sensational drugs scandals in sport
Northwestern could host Illinois in football game at Wrigley Field in 2010
NJIT Snaps Nearly 2-Year Losing Streak
Boston Celtics Examiner: Obama got a do-over, so the Celtics want some too
Mark McGwire's brother says ex-slugger used 'roids 
H.S. Basketball game ends 100-0 causes Controversy 
Jeff Kent announces retirement after 17 years
Phelps eager to get back in the pool 
The Ricketts family is the winning bidder for the Cubs for $900 million
7-time All-Star Mourning retires - NBA 
Federer steams ahead in Australian Open
Streaker flops through Williams sister's doubles match
South St. Paul Examiner: Gophers ice themselves against Purdue
Playing video games does make you smarter
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Rays 2009 player preview: Akinori Iwamura
You know you got f-up when your blood is on the camera -- after an MMA fight
Vote for Molly Sullivan: Sideline Hottie!
Grievis Vasquez on Cameron Indoor Stadium: That's My House.
On the wrestling mat, U.S. and Iran are good sports - CNN.com
A High School Girls Basketball Team Wins 100-0 (But the School Wants to Forfeit the Win)
Woking vs Ebbsfleet Live soccer TV link free on 24.01.09
Salisbury vs Stevenage Live soccer TV link free on 24.01.09
107 m ski cliff drop video - insane new world record
Burton Albion vs Altrincham Live soccer TV link free on 24.01.09
Gillingham vs Exeter City Live soccer: TV link free on 24.01.09
Chesterfield vs Morecambe live soccer TV link free on 24.01.09
Oldham vs Stockport live soccer TV link free on 24.01.09
Cheltenham Town vs Brighton live soccer TV link free on 24.01.09
JBOMB Basketball Blog
Wolverhampton vs Middlesbrough live soccer TV link free on 24.01.09
The Heavyweight Champions of the World
New England Patriots Examiner: Is Matt Cassel really willing to back up Tom Brady next season?
Welcome to Video Game SportsCenter!
PETA Urges the NFL to Test Michael Vick for a Psychopathic Brain Disorder
Arizona overcomes putrid past to reach Super Bowl
Watch NBA live basketball Mavericks vs Celtics TV link free January 25, 2009
2009 NHL ASG Hardest Shot - Chara breaks record!
Iranian football boss in trouble over 'battle of sexes' claims
East Wins NHL All-Star Game
Super Bowl guide -- an insider's look at Tampa's Raymond James Stadium
I Guess It Beats a Mullet 
FOXSports.com’s Jay Glazer Reports Ladies Love Shirtless Jay Glazer 
When will the NHL ever learn: promote Ovechkin not Crsoby
Memo to the Lakers: Let History be a Lesson...
Malkin Scores A Neat Goal Between The Legs
Should Beckham stay or should he go?
Everything’s Coming Up Buck | Joe Buck's Restaurants are closing
Reporter in Drag Steals Show at Media Day
Catania vs Internazionale : Italian Serie A live soccer and TV link FREE 28th January
Alternate Super Bowl XLIII Logos
Watch Spanish Copa del Rey live soccer Real Betis v Mallorca today 28th January
Lance Armstrong 'Milder, Nicer Guy' to Fans, Media
Tubby Smith says he's not leaving Minnesota
Teams eager to win Super Bowl and meet Obama
Leinart relegated to spectator status
Cubs trade Cedeno for reliever Heilman
The genius of Dino Gaudio and his game-winning slip screen
Dodgers' GM Coletti says nothing new in Ramirez talks
UFC 94: St. Pierre vs. Penn 2 In-Depth Analysis
Rod Woodson picks AZ to win Sunday.
Kurt Warner Requests HBO Be Blocked At Cardinals' Hotel
Eagles DC Jim Johnson Has Cancer
2009 NBA All-Star and NBA Rooks-Sophs Challenge Roster
Did Arizona win or lose to Washington? These two headlines hurt my brain the first few times I read them.
A lookback at the Springfield Nuclear Power Plant All-Stars
Stephon Curry Drains 80ft Buzzer Beater [video]
Shaq back in All-Star game for 15th time
John Gruden Talks About Getting Fired
Would Someone Please Take Miss America To The Super Bowl
Shaq, Kobe and Phil on the same team -- it's happening
Rodney Harrison sounds like a man ready to retire dirty
Pittsburgh Steelers owner Dan Rooney makes it a policy to give out his cellphone number to all of the players. 
 Pole dancing an Olympic sport?
Man Utd 1 - 0 Everton. New premiership record - 1,104 minutes without conceding a goal
  Puppy Bowl V : Animal Planet
Denis Gauthier's Hit and Pending Suspension
 Breaking: Manning, Giants Close To New Deal
Lindsey Vonn From US Skies And Wins World Cup In Germany
Rafael Nadal upends Roger Federer for first Aussie title
Phelps Says Bong Photo Authentic
Warner named Payton award winner
Michael Phelps Pot-Smoking Pic Grips World - slow news day
RCN Cable Problems Plague Manhattan - Upper East Side Residents Report Major Reception Problems, Miss Out On Fantastic Super Bowl XLIII
Porn interrupts Super Bowl for some viewers
Porn Clip penetrates Super Bowl Broadcast (NSFW video)
Arshavin Arsenaldeal = no more
Vandals Write 'Cancer Rules' on Kay Yow Memorial, Likely Burning in Hell at the Moment
Top 10 LeBron James Plays of the '08-09 Season (VIDEO)
Ole Miss coach pleads with police
S.C. sheriff might file charges against Phelps (really?!)
Is Manny Ramirez worth the hassle to the Dodgers? | LA Snark
$400M Citigroup naming deal with Mets still on, despite protests...The bank said that none of the bailout money will be used for Citi Field. - creative accounting?
Rangers Retire Jersey of Adam Graves
The Evolution of Basejumping and Skydiving
Chelsea captain John Terry as Transexual (Pic)
Boston Metro Flag Football League-Registration Feb 4/5th | Flag Football Blog
Report: Retested Barry Bonds sample positive [video included]
SKI: Cuche clinches super-G gold in dream run
Wrigleyville residents feel confident neighborhood will remain unchanged under new Cubs ownership
Punishing Michael Phelps
Illini suffer recruiting setback on signing day
More Of Olympic Diver Matthew Mitcham Figure 
Being ranked No. 1 is no fun
Cardinals were robbed! One foot!
The Nation’s Number #1 UConn Huskies
Larry Johnson wants out of Kansas City
New England Patriots Examiner: Patriots early favorites to win next year's Super Bowl
NBC Analyst Mike Holmgren Crawls Under Desk After Seeing Own Shadow
Boston Celtics Examiner: Celtics-Lakers 2: Deja Vu
A look at the next step in performance enhancing drugs in baseball: SARMs and more
National Signing Day 2009: How did your squad do?
Five Things to Do Now That The Football Season is Over 
With Bob Costas gone to MLB Network, HBO may eye Joe Buck
Watch Dallas Mavericks vs Utah Jazz live Streaming NBA 05/02/09
You got guys out there playing high every night, Oakley claimed. You got 60% of your league on marijuana. What can you do?
What exactly is the stuff Bonds allegedly took?  A run down of what each drug does.
Give her a Golf Glove She Will LOVE!!
Kansas City Chiefs hire Todd Haley as coach
 Michael Phelps: 3-Month Suspension Is Fair
Who Was Hoosiers' Most Important Commit?
Portsmouth vs Liverpool Highlights Video: Premier League
Dimitar Berbatov - player of the month of Manchester United!
Gators Open Season With 3-0 Win Over Baylor
Which MLB Owner Was Tagging Escort Kristin Davis?
West Indies skittle England for just 51
Alex Rodriguez Loses His Last Redeeming Quality | Bleacher Report
High TV Ratings for Celtics, Lakers Finals Rematch
Curb Your Enthusiasm For The Sports Crazed, ESPN Obsessed Man!!
Adam Morrison Shipped to Lakers; Jordan 0-2 with Top Three Picks
12 reasons to watch NFL Pro Bowl
Jamal Anderson Arrested for Cocaine Possession (Police Busted Him Doing Line On The Back of The Toilet)
Messi Better Than Ronaldo And Robben - Capello
Ferguson calm after vital victory
Canadian MMA Fighter's Career Over After Life-Threatening Injury
Tiger Woods and Wife Welcome Baby Boy Charlie Axel
Alex Rodriguez’s steroid bombshell
Where are the stars of past Super Bowl ads now?
Luiz Felipe Scolari Sacked as Manager of Chelsea
Underrated Video Game Athletes
Streaming Calcio: AS Cittadella - US Avellino 20:45
Using Shaq to Explain the David Beckham Story to Americans
A-Rod admits, regrets use of Performance Enhancing Drugs
Plax has been sued over nine times.  It's difficult being an NFL superstar, but this is ridiculous!
It's official - Bourdais confirmed for STR in 2009.  - Pitpass
Kurt Warner's Rags to Riches Story is embellished a bit
Nike Dunk High - Black/Neutral Grey-Hoop Orange: Built from Hemp and Basketball Rim
Boston Celtics Examiner: A big problem for the Boston Celtics
Sports Blog: A-Rod’s admission and what does it mean?
PGATOUR.COM - After birth of son, wait begins for Tiger's return
South St. Paul Examiner: Minnesota Gophers host cellar dweller Indiana Hoosiers
One ex-ballplayer and teammate looks at A-Rod
Obama Calls A-Roid News ‘Depressing’ (Video)
Miguel Tejada expected to plead guilty to charges of lying to Congress about steroids
The Many (Awkward) Faces Of Alex Rodriguez
David Beckham blows it for Milan...literally
Danica Patrick's 2009 SI Swimsuit photos
Guus Hiddink to be Named the New Chelsea Manager
6 reasons why Prince Fielder will be traded by the All-Star break
J.R. Smith to Replace Rudy Gay in 2009 Sprite Slam Dunk Contest
Does A-Rod Have a Date With Congress?
Chelsea confirm Hiddink as coach
Favre Tells Jets He's Retiring
Does Roberto Alomar have AIDS?
Bob Knight: 'Gatorade is a performance-enhancing drug'
An ex-girlfriend of Roberto Alomar filed an explosive lawsuit alleging the former baseball star insisted on unprotected sex for four years despite having AIDS.
North Carolina 101, Duke 87 
Charlie Murphy claims to be a huge Nets fan. Proceeds to get pwned.
AC Milan in need of derby win against Inter
Maria Menounos Today Show host plays some Flag Football
Brisbane 5th ODI Australia v New Zealand live stream on 13th Feb
New Yankee Stadium and Bailout - Destruction of Yankee Stadium - Esquire
Top 10 Most Awkward Sports Interviews
I've got a Rondo thirst
Ex-partner says Wade had sex parties, smoked pot - Sports Rumors - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
Stories from the onion do not work on Reddit
Suns owner looking to deal Stoudemire
Nothing can entirely escape the economic downturn. But leading sports come close!
New England Patriots Examiner: Patriots draft prospects: Brian Cushing, LB, USC
That'll do thricely for Carrick
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: A Tampa Bay Rays Valentine's Day
Guus Hiddink Takes Over from Scolari for Chelsea
The Darryl Strawberry sex scandal is bigger news than the A-Rod steroid scandal
Blockbuster Trade (For Real, This Time!): Heat's Shawn Marion is Traded to Raptors for Jermaine O'Neal
AWESOME goalie fight! 
Nate Robinson Wins 2009 NBA Slam Dunk Contest, Daequan Cook Wins 2009 Three-Point Shootout (and More Updates...)
Police cite Steelers kicker for restroom tantrum - NFL
Streaming Calcio: Inter - Milan 20:30
Bills' Marshawn Lynch Nabbed for Firearms Possession in California
Matt Kenseth Wins Daytona 500 (Results)
Shaquille O’Neal All-Star Dance with Jabbawockeez (Video)
Michigan QB Threet to transfer again
Questions about with Hill-Smith quarterback battle in San Francisco
White Sox reliever Bobby Jenks dismisses allegations of bad behavior in tell-all book
Unbelievable Hockey Fight
Suns' Richardson charged with reckless driving-Doing 90 in a 35 with his kid bouncing around the back seat.
Matt Kenseth Wins Wild Daytona 500 With 120 Miles to Spare 
LA Lakers for 09 Champions?
New, sexy Gina Carano photos from Maxim
Danica Patrick Photos - 2009 Sports Illustrated Calendar
SC Sheriff Says No Pot Charge For Micheal Phelps
World Cup 2010: Lighting and power supply (pdf)
Most Unathletic Looking NBA Players Of All Time
DOPE
Streaming Calcio: Serie B Diretta Gol 20:30
Real A-Frauds?
Marion eager to run again with Toronto
Australia's Hewitt back to face Thailand in Davis Cup squad
Robinson inspires Knicks to OT win over Spurs
Charles Barkley Returning to TNT This Week
A-Rod Refuses to Call Himself Cheater
Did Selig allow MLB to become the WWE?
Defensive End Jarron Gilbert can jump out of a pool. Damn.
Streaming Calcio: Sampdoria - Metalist Kharkiv 20:45 e non solo...
Is Mats Sundin a weeper? He won't say, but we'll find out when the Canucks land in Toronto on Saturday!
Tracy McGrady will have surgery on his left knee and miss the rest of the season. 
Video: BJ Penn Has Only Begun to Complain
Dwyane Wade sues estranged wife, attorneys
Phoenix Coyotes consider buyout deal
Take it to the hole! Or not...
Bulls trade for Miller, Salmons
If kids stayed in school, the Buckeyes would have a sick basketball team - Oden, Conely, Koufos, Cook, Turner
Streaming Calcio: Fiorentina - Ajax 20:45 e non solo...
Raiders make Lechler highest paid punter ever -
Michael Vick, $63,000,000,000, Iran and Al Qaeda 
New England Patriots Examiner: The NFL is going franchise tag crazy, Raiders avoid using tag on CB Asomugha
The Galloping Ghost: Q&amp;A with Red Grange Biographer Gary Andrew Poole
Sale of Chicago Cubs moving forward
Video: Soccer Brawl After Goal Celebration Is Viewed As Mocking Dead Player
Do you want the job done right, or do you want it done fast?
WWF Superstars:  Where Are They Now?
Aston Villa vs Chelsea Live Streaming Soccer
Cuche races to first World Cup season win
Streaming Calcio: Bologna FC - Inter 16:00
How To Be a Good Offensive Center
Tigers outfielder a grand ambassador
Streaming Calcio: Palermo - Juventus 20:30
The best game you can name, is the good ol' Grizzly Hockey Game.  Wait, WHAT?!?!?
Josh Koscheck get knocked the funk out at UFC 95
NLL.com -- KNIGHTHAWKS TROUNCE TITANS, 15-7
Dreams of Athletes, the site behind the athletes of the future
Streaming Calcio: Parma - Brescia 20:30
Mark Selby is served a writ at the Snooker Welsh Open 2009
Duke's Gerald Henderson drops a career high 35 against Wake Forest
Is it 1987?  Or is it 1995?  Ken Griffey Jr. playing for Seattle, Jason Giambi for Oakland...
Isiah Thomas- if Larry Bird were black he'd be just another good guy instead of being hyped as the league's best player. 
The 10 Greatest Nose Picking Moments In Sports History
John Tortorella is New Rangers Coach
Without a job Gina Carano hits swimwear
New digs for the Sox during spring training
Most Overrated: NFL Combine
Arsenal vs AS Roma Live Streaming Soccer
Renney out, Tortorella in as NY Rangers coach
Donovan McNabb has grown tired of the Eagles' shenanigans
A-Rod ready for hostile reception in spring opener
Michael Phelps Is Less Motivational
New England Patriots Examiner: How Sage Rosenfels being traded to the Vikings impacts the market for Matt Cassel
Anti-doping agency in sports defends new rules
Michael Jordan finds new housemate in Miami
3 concerts at Wrigley Field is 1 too many for ballpark's neighbors
Juninho's beautiful free kick against Barca in Champion's League knockout stage
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Governor's Baseball Dinner a hit at the Trop
Pro golf is screwed - sponsors dropping left-and-right
Ernie Green
Michael Vick is going home - but it's only because there's no room in the halfway house for him
Championship rings looked way better before they became giant, gaudy, jewel-encrusted monstrosities
Michael Jordan needed a mortgage to buy a 3BR house
New England Patriots Examiner: Patriots Mock Drafts: Keeping tabs on the mock draft universe
NBA reportedly set to borrow 175 million dollars
The Basics of Coaching Basketball
Cop Who Shoved Cyclist Fired by NYPD, Faces 4 Year Sentence 
Yankees, Bank of America End Sponsorship Talks
Lawmakers Want UConn Coach Reprimanded
Brodeur Shines in Return to Devils
NFL Draft: Good, Bad and Don’t Believe the Hype 
PGA tour live online pc stream
Breaking: Bucs Trade For Kellen Winslow
Küttel wins first world ski jumping title
Brian Dawkins To Denver
New England Patriots Examiner: Was Mike Vrabel a salary dump?
Federer and Chiudinelli – Mates Since Eight, But Apart For Davis Cup In Alabama
Nationals general manager Jim Bowden resigning
Oklahoma City Thunder buy out Joe Smith; Cleveland Cavaliers lurk
Mondays With Bob Greene: What happened to me?
It's time for the NBA's Bad Hair Awards
Don Cherry on Ovechkin Celebrations
Freddy Adu must tough it out
Celtics vs Cavaliers Tickets
Gunmen attack Sri Lankan cricketers
Chris Bosh Twitter Remix
Salisbury vs Rushden &amp; D'monds live stream online on March 3
Portsmouth vs Chelsea Highlights Video: EPL Highlights
Liverpool vs Sunderland Highlights Video: EPL Highlights
Yankees vs Cubs Tickets
Brits Play Historic Match, Big Day For McEnroes
West Bromwich Albion vs Arsenal Highlights Video: EPL Highlights
Falkirk vs Dundee United live stream online on March 3
The official over-under on the Mets is 88 1/2.  
Interesting story on how hard pro sports can be on athletes and their wives
A Good Summary of the Rumored Trades for the NHL Deadline (with sources)
Celtics vs Clippers Tickets
It's a small world, according to Cherry
Manny closes deal with Dodgers
Quick-thinking ballboy helps set up goal [vid]
In Which Tonya Harding Is Still Around, And Mad at Barack Obama 
Private search on for missing NFL players in Gulf
Editable database of pro athletes' Twitter accounts: help it grow!
Cowboys cut Terrell Owens
where to now TO?  Oakland
Watch India vs New Zealand live Stream 2nd ODI, Scorecard From Wellington on 06/03/09
Above Citi Field - 3/5/2009
Michael Strahan Planted Tracking Device On Gal Pal Nicole Murphy
Cowboys cut safety Roy Williams ... as requested - Sports Rumors - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Ravens reach agreement with Ray Lewis, Matt Birk - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
A-Rod needs surgery.  Out 2 to 3 months.
Red Sox vs Rays Tickets
ESPN film unit fields more features
Federer backache gives Swiss headache
An analysis of MLB payroll efficiency, 2006-2008
A-Rod Will Try Playing
Brian Bosworth Knocks Back The Boones Farm
Obama, Family, and Oregon State Basketball
Top ten most promising young strikers
Sunderland vs Tottenham Hotspur Live Streaming 
Streaming Calcio: AS Roma - Udinese 16:00
The Phoenix Suns will Fail to Reach The Playoffs?
New England Patriots Examiner: Terrell Owens and the Patriots—a perfect match?
New England Patriots Examiner: Terrell Owens signs with AFC East foe Buffalo Bills
Teen Sailing Globe Eyes World Record
UFC 96 Matt Hamill vs. Mark Munoz MMA Fight Video UFC 96
Brian Bosworth Hollywood DUI Photos Posted
Webcam Brings 3-D to Topps Sports Cards 
Book: Steinbrenner Funded Tonya Harding’s Hit?
Enjoy Liverpool vs Real Madrid live streaming &amp; Highlights | Champions League 10 March
Villarreal vs Panathinaikos live streaming and Highlights on Pc | UEFA Champions League
Chelsea vs Juventus live streaming and Highlights on Pc | UEFA Champions League
Juventus vs Chelsea Highlights Video : Champions League Highlights
Watch Online Liverpool vs Real Madrid Live Streaming
Streaming Calcio: Juventus - Chelsea 20:45
BBC SPORT | Football | Live text - Champions League
Cavs' Lorenzen Wright Travels With 14 Pairs of Sunglasses
Pedro was once a great pitcher with an attitude: Now all he’s left with is his attitude.
AS Roma vs Arsenal live streaming and Highlights on Pc | UEFA Champions League
Hawks vs Cavaliers Tickets
Streaming Calcio: Manchester United - Inter 20:45
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: B.J. Upton of the Rays and Ryan Howard of the Phillies star in new Adidas commercial
UFL looking to sign Vick
Buffalo Bills Acquire Final Piece Of Shit Of The Puzzle - The Onion
Jonathan Papelbon calls Manny Ramirez a cancer in Esquire interview
Gortat!! | Pippen Ain't Easy
New York Giants star Plaxico Burress scores four tickets from police
College Sports Examiner: A beast of a Big East game
SIX IN THE CITY: Cuse's big win from the campus perspective. 
What Ever Happened to Frank Reich
Watch Manchester United vs Liverpool Live Video streaming on PC | EPL 14 March
Arsenal vs Blackburn Live Streaming Premier League March 14, 2009
Watch tv over internet soccer matches updated March 14
Arsenal vs Blackburn Rovers | Free Flash video streaming on sports network
Celtics vs Wizards Tickets
South St. Paul Examiner: The best high school tournament in America
Wrestler Andrew 'Test' Martin Found Dead
Chelsea vs Man City live EPL match
Superb Khan stuns legend Barrera
Netherlands vs United States Live Streaming WBC 2009 on PC
Vintage Air Jordan Slam Dunk (self promotion)
Watch Inter Milan vs Fiorentina Live Stream Italy Serie A 15/03/09
Mexico vs Korea Live Streaming WBC 2009 on PC
Netherlands vs USA Live Streaming Free|| World Baseball Classic 2009 Live
Nuggets vs Lakers Tickets
Sorry Dickie V….. I Am Listening To The Physicist When Filling Out My Bracket This Year
Full NIT Basketball Bracket Out [PDF]
Let's get a list together of all the free NCAA March Madness Bracket pools (with prizes)
Dodgers' Ramirez leaves game early with more hamstring trouble
Milton Bradley in Several Pieces
March Madness in Mathematica
Jaguars release WR Matt Cocaine Jones
China athletes 'faked their age'
Pudge Rodriguez heading to Houston Astros
Nets Forward Sean Williams Arrested
something funny is going on with the Patriots 2nd round pick
Georgia Tech computer system says Kansas to win men's NCAA basketball tourney. So do I | NetworkWorld.com Community
A-Rod's Self Love
Villanueva scolded for Twittering at halftime of Bucks game
 Roberto Carlos interested in Madrid return
Hockey world counts down crown the new champion
Do the Redskins want Cutler?
Armstrong's hair tested in new anti-doping effort - Cycling - Yahoo! Sports
Vancouver awarded MLS team.
President Obama's March Madness Bracket
Roy Williams: 'Huge probability' Lawson out Thursday
Ovechkin in another Easterns Motors Commercial - As a Redskin
March Madness 2009 Announcer Schedule (aka a link that will show you what games Gus Johnson is doing this year)
Old School Time Seen at New Yankee Stadium
Welcome to Celtics pre-season part two
Rafa's Benitez's Liverpool contract: the clauses that sealed the deal
Hamels’ ‘bad boy’ image forever tainted by minivan joyride; Phils weigh options
T MAC goes to save Darfur
NBA Player Twitters During Game - The Good Thing About Social Networking
51.3 percent of espn brackets predict all four No. 1 seeds will make the Elite Eight.
College Baller Adam Waddell Dunks and Backflips to the Floor
New England Patriots Examiner: On paper, the 2009 Patriots are looking pretty good
Aston Villa vs Liverpool Live | Free Flash video streaming on sports network
Is we silly, stupid, or divine?
Marcus Jordan Wins State Championship, Michael Jordan Sheds Tears
Famous Athletes Who Went to Jail
Buying Low: Who's This Year's Best Bet to be the Next Tampa Bay Rays?
New England Patriots Examiner: Patriots to host Terrell Owens and the Buffalo Bills in first Monday Night game of 2009
WBC Japan No. 1 Ichiro 2run hit 
Perfect penalty formula revealed
Warner Bros. Backs Real-Time Streaming Video Game Console
The Lakers are the Sports Equivalent of Olivia Wilde
Free football for Villarreal's unemployed fans - Why don't more teams do this?!
TIME TO GO MAD - You Choose the Greatest Moments in NCAA Basketball Tournament History - Win a Free Flat Screen TV just for voting!!!
New England Patriots Examiner: The wussification of the NFL continues as owners pass new safety proposals
Hey, pro, don't want to be a role model? It's not your choice.
10 Professional Athletes That Don't Look Very Athletic At All
Report: Connecticut violated NCAA recruiting rules in pursuit of Nate Miles
Horrible Soccer Injury..... Talk about Two left Feet! 
Nicky Whelan makes Australian sports look amazing
Congress to hold hearings to examine BCS anti-trust issues
Yankees vs Indians Tickets
NBAer Eddie House and Son to launch Cartoon Network show
The alltime MLB leader in being hit by a pitch
NCAA teams don't need to make all their free throws to win 
BCS to be investigated by US Senate
Ana Ivanovic and Rafael Nadal hit the golf course
Great Britain's Reardon and Pryce face jail after admitting to assault
Kettlebell Training - Unlock Mental Toughness and Physical Results | The Fitness Revelation
How to throw a no-hitter on acid, and other lessons from the career of baseball legend Dock Ellis
Lidge approaching Gagne’s possible roids-induced saves record
Billy Gillispie Fired as Kentucky Wildcats Basketball Coach, Freed from Crazy House
College Sports Examiner: Billy Gillispie leaving Lexington
Fuck... Kobe Bryant just got hurt. Congrats on the championship Cavs
New England Patriots Examiner: Report: 70 to 80% chance Jason Taylor will sign with the Patriots
Tebow's speech immortalized at Florida - College Football - Rivals.com
In case you guys hadn't heard, manly man Lance Armstrong broke his collarbone. Pics!
Melvin Manhoef Vs. Keijiro Maeda - K-1 World GP 2009 Fight Video
Findlay (Ohio) wins Div. II Basketball Championship... did I mention they went 36-0? Congrats!
Semmy Schilt Vs. Hesdy Gerges - K-1 World GP 2009 Fight Video
Zach Thomas: Same Dallas officer (Robert Powell) mistreated my wife 
Turn on NBC - Tiger is making his run
New England Patriots Examiner: Former Boston Patriots head coach Lou Saban dies at 87
Villanova in the Final Four!!!
Mondays With Bob Greene: I still have that craving
10 biggest NFL 1st Round draft busts of the last 20 years
Red Sox Jeff Bailey having a good spring
AIR JORDAN SHOES
Really? You're going pro? College basketball players entering the NBA Draft prematurely
WWE SmackDown ECW Tickets New York
Wrestlemania XXV Predictions from wrestling critic Fernwood Gold III
5 Steps the NHL Must Take to Return to the Spotlight
Source: John Calipari leaving Memphis to become Kentucky coach
Geordies gamble on fairytale end to season
Top 5 reasons I'm glad to see crybaby Cutler go
The Madness is almost over, but lots to look forward to
Jay Cutler speaks: 'I didn't want to get traded'
Chicago Cubs Bullpen Battle - Closing Arguments - Marmol vs. Gregg
10 Ways to Improve Baseball
Michael Vick -- has a job lined up -- $10/hr. whoo hooo
That's Mr. Pujols to You Pal | The World According to MoonDog
Crazy Hockey Goal, the guy chips it in during a shootout
Scotland Duo Banned For Life
Tom Hicks (owner of the Dallas Stars, Texas Rangers, Liverpool Football Club) Defaults On $525 Million In Loans
photo of obstructed seat views at $1 Billion dollar Yankee Stadium
If he made $250 trading stocks, would this even be an article?
New England Patriots Examiner: An open letter to potential NFL draft picks
New England Patriots Examiner: Jay Cutler trade has Patriots fans reexamining Matt Cassel deal
Riding India's Back- Jesse Ryder!!
MTV's Bully Beatdown With Michael Westbrook
Avery is such a prick, gotta love it. 
Goal of the Year - Grafite Finishes vs. Bayern Munich [VID]
FANZONE :: ManU vs. AstonVilla fan's reactions to the game -- 
NBA All Star Break needs a 1 on 1 Tournament
North Korea accused South of poisining its players
Michael Jordan Hall of Fame with 32,292 points!
Report: Josh Pastner Likely Next Memphis Tigers Head Coach
The Good, The Bad &amp; The Ugly
Villarreal vs Arsenal Highlights Video : Champions League Highlights
the D-Backs give away season tix to hard luck cases. Gracious Philanthropy or Smart Marketing?
The 25 Hottest Wives And Girlfriends Of Major League Baseball Players
Junior Suckered Me
Adebayor scores for Arsenal against Villareal, ridiculous goal
Finally, baseball season! &lt;pic&gt;
Liverpool vs Chelsea Highlights Video : Champions League Highlights
Angels Rookie Pitcher Adenhart Killed in Hit-And-Run Crash
David Patton: The Biggest Surprise on the Chicago Cubs 2009 Roster
Soccer Freestylers Meet-Up in London, United Kingdom
John Daly is at The Masters, But he Ain't Playing Golf | The World According to MoonDog
Alone with his grief in baseball cathedral - Los Angeles Times
Monday Morning Quarterback Part I
Really cute Video of 4 yr old Girl Singing Meet the Mets
Yankees spoil Royal debut 
YouTube - Insane Between The Legs Shot From Indoor Track Above Court
Talented Football Freestyle Girl
New England Patriots Examiner: The Buffalo Bills have become the Cincinnati Bengals of the AFC East
2009 NBA Playoffs Participants are Finally Decided
Boston University's 'greatest comeback' ends with title - Puck Daddy - NHL - Yahoo! Sports
Apology Index: Sorry, Bo Jackson. I am for real...  Bo Jackson lost his hip because of anabolic abuse
Report: Kansas City Chiefs, seven-time Pro Bowl linebacker Zach Thomas agree to deal - ESPN
Billy Wingrove vs. Cristiano Ronaldo
Best Way to Heckle a Referee. ever!!!
Harry Kalas, voice of sports for a generation has died.
Hall of Fame Phils announcer Harry Kalas dead
Roger Federer Tied the Knot With Mirka Vavrinec
The Single Corniest Sports Commercial Ever
Chelsea vs Liverpool Live : Champions League Live
With Fidrych's passing, baseball loses one of its all-time great eccentric characters
I just watched the Yankees First Baseman pitch a better inning than any of the pitchers tonight against TB...
Adidas Mad Clima Louisville 
Watch Chelsea vs Liverpool Live Uefa Champions League online on 14 April
Mets Lose Regular Season Opener at Citi Field
Walter Hermann, Under-Backhanded Trick-Shot from the Bench, Video
LeBron James, between the legs off the backboard warm up dunk, Video
Soccer coach punches referee after being sent off
Severed goat's head found outside Wrigley Field
Dwight Howard and Hedo give Patrick Ewing a Cup Check, Video
Not another ref beater, brazilian soccer coach punches ref
Ex-Knicks Isiah Thomas takes over at FIU 
Andy Roddick to Wed Brooklyn Decker | The World According to MoonDog
New England Patriots Examiner: Patriots face a much tougher schedule in 2009
The in's and out's of cricket.
FT.com / Weekend / Reportage - How a football tragedy redeemed the game
The Djoks on you, New Funny Novak Djokovic Viral Video
Rick Reilly: Day in the life of Kobe.
Finley, Duncan key as Spurs clinch Southwest Division, No. 3 seed
New Poster for the Young LeBron Documentary 'More Than a Game'
New Yankee Stadium Opens Today
Drunk guy cursing in front of your kids at football game? Getting food thrown at you? Text ISS and security will have them removed.
The Worst Ever Dwight Howard Impersonation | Zoner Sports
Have you seen this? Possibly the greatest tennis shot ever made! VIDEO
The NBA Playoffs are starting!! Reddit, do you have any predictions??
Dominican Baseball Dreams: From El Barrio to the Big Leagues
NFL Will Go To 18 Games In 19 Weeks Schedule
Five Bold NBA Playoff Possibilities You Probably Haven't Thought About.
Jerry Jones is Ruining the Dallas Cowboys
Humiliation, not glory, in Yankee Stadium opener - MLB - Yahoo! Sports
 Football Coach PUNCHES Referee and another player-Tecnico Bate em Juiz e Jogador april-12/2009
Bill Murray Hits Woman In Head With Tee Shot
The crash that killed Nick Adenhart
Scalpers: Whoops, You Paid $1,200 For Crappy Obstructed View Yankee Tickets
Sweet Nuts! Kasey Kiker, Texas Rangers Super Prospect
New England Patriots Examiner: The NFL won't be the same without John Madden
Greg Paulus Isn't The Answer For Michigan | The World According to MoonDog
The Federer Fade: How a tennis god lost his topspin.
NBA Owners Briefed on Fragile Economy
Sportsnet Reporter Roger Millions Says C**ksucker On Live Television (VIDEO)
10 John Madden Quotes That Are Also Good Sex Advice
Bill Murray darn near brains a woman with a golf ball -  DiMaggio's husband, apparently just seconds before impact, had said he hoped Murray hit the ball in their direction.
The 11 Most Painfully-Awesome Mike Tyson “Punch-outs”
Six Reasons Why April is the Greatest Sports Month of the Year
Underground Football Tricks
Finally, A Campaign We Can All Agree With
Anquan Boldin Is Good As Gone | The World According to MoonDog
Sean Avery Gets Sloppy For a Second
Lions Tour 2009 Fixtures
Who will win the NBA Championship? Vote for your pick
High School Pitcher has pitched 4 no-hitters in a row...Easy
NFL Willing to Reinstate Murdering Asshole Michael Vick
College Sports Examiner: Percy Harvin frequently gets high, and injured
http://www.reddit.com/r/Motorsport/
 KENNY POWERS inspirational audio tapes
His name is John Wall and hes only in high school...next Lebron or next Kwame?
YouTube - Mel Kiper Jr. Spring Picks, a satire
Penguins hope SATAN can help them win
Kitesurfing is much more fun with naked female passengers. Just ask Richard Branson.
NBA passes on fining Mavs' Dampier
Kitti - Female Football Freestyler
Zurich puts central status on ice
Milton Bradley breaks silence after 7-1 loss
Against their judgment, Lions fans believe
Silver and Black is Whack
Dallas Mavericks Hold Spurs To A Record Playoff Low
Wizards Run-Down: Bagging On Cleveland
Erik Bedard the best pitcher in baseball?
Ten things you didn't know about the NFL Draft
Colorado 14ers Win NBA-D-League Championship
Vintage Base Ball - back to the 1880s
Red Sox Give Tip of the Cap to No. 100 
Best NFL Draft Story: The Ballad of Big Mike
Arsene Wenger: New tax on high-earners will drive foreign stars away 
2009 draft tracker, find out who your favorite NFL team drafted
New England Patriots Examiner: New England Patriots 2009 NFL Draft: Video highlights of Chung, Brace, Butler, and Vollmer
Donors respond big after Mass. Little League theft 
The Onion: This Apparently That Year Marlins Win World Series Again
Not that you'll care but my local team see European football for the first time ever!
It's not clear of the New Orleans Hornets know how voodoo dolls work
If anyone reading this isnt watchign the celtics bulls game go to a TV right now.
Keselowski steals Talladega win on wild final lap
World's highest cricket match ... on Everest
Bang Bang Bang and a Kaching and he hits the J
Why does everyone seem to love Ned Colletti?
New England Patriots Examiner: Darius Butler, Patrick Chung headline a solid but not spectacular draft for the New England Patriots
THE most amazing NASCAR finish I have ever seen (watch the video)
Ex-NBAer Dennis Rodman Loses Court Judgment 
All Climbing Creates Climbing Video Network
College Sports Examiner: The incomplete Rick Pitino extortion story
Hunter S. Thompson's columns for ESPN.com
Toronto cant even support the Marlies-- why do they need another NHL team?
Did Kobe Call the Shots on Spike Lee's New Documentary About Him?
Jets release retired Favre; will he appear in Vikings purple?
If it's over in San Antonio, what do the Spurs do now?
Chase Daniel signs with Washington Redskins
Nets Keeping Frank
McLaren handed suspended three race ban
Magic's Howard Suspended One Game for Throwing Elbow
 Usain Bolt in hospital in Jamaica after car crash
Questioning Antawn Jamison
Brett Favre Released, But Not Gone For Now | The World According to MoonDog
There were fears the economic recession would leave swaths of empty seats in NHL arenas during the playoffs, but the league says both attendance and U.S. Television ratings are up through the first round.
Our Boy: St. Paul's Joe Mauer
Nation Dumbfounded As To Why Little-Leaguer's Favorite Player Is Chipper Jones
Soccer team advertises 'All White Night', decides this isn't racist enough 
Vikings will discuss signing Favre
Phillies fan here... who else thinks Chan Ho Park stinks?
The All I Want To Punch Him In The Face Team
Is it possible for a running back (EJ) to end his career gracefully?
Ducks' Mike Brown hits Wings' Jiri Hudler late.  Could get suspended.  (vid)
New England Patriots Examiner: Does the addition of Alex Smith and Chris Baker mean the writing is on the wall for Ben Watson?
R.Madrid 2 - FC Barcelona 6. Soccer as poetry (commentator in Barca goal #5)
 Hex still marks the spot at the new Yankee Stadium. 
U.S. Congress: Stay The Hell Out Of College Football | The World According to MoonDog
The Kentucky Derby: Seabiscuit Meets Syriana
The Evolution of Fan
NBA Playoffs Round Two Preview
Joba Chamberlain's mother arrested on suspicion of selling methamphetamine.  Story includes epic mugshot.
Source: Chuck Liddell eyeing retirement
Rockets - Lakers. This looks like it is going to be a great series.
The top 5 reasons the Pens trail 2-0 against Ovechkin's Caps  
Supreme Court Hears Janet Jackson's Wardrobe Malfunction Case | The World According to MoonDog
Ex-NBA Star Dennis Rodman to Enter Rehab
Will the Madden Cover Curse strike twice this year?
Player Poll: Chris Pronger and Steve Ott are the dirtiest players in the National Hockey League
MVP of the Woeful Wizards
Twins vs Yankees Tickets
Lightning Strike Injures 26 Soccer Players In Germany, Temporarily Killing One
Gisele Pregnancy Rumors Swirl, Brady Reports Tired Legs | The World According to MoonDog
Potential Supreme Court Nominee Sotomayor Has Effected Sports Law | The World According to MoonDog
NBA Great Dave Bing Elected Detroit Mayor
We are what we are, Celtics fans
Barca wins over Chelsea....next stop: Rome!!!!
The Best 60 College Football Games of the Upcoming Season
Fans to vote Lastings Milledge, a minor league player, to the All-star game.
Joba Chamberlain's mother arrested in Nebraska for selling meth to police officer
US to face Russia at ice hockey worlds
Didier Drogba Yells The F-Word Into A TV Camera Live On Air
Favre's Agent: 'He Wants To Win a Super Bowl' | The World According to MoonDog
If you Love or Hate the Leafs....You Will Like This
Manny Busted For Steroids
Manny Ramirez has been suspended for 50 games for a positive test for performance-enhancing drugs
Source: Manny Ramirez’s substance a sexual enhancer
Manny Ramirez to Do A 50 Stint on Suspension
Dodgers Got What They Deserved, A Phony Player for Phony Fans
Don't listen to this dope, Dodgers slugger Manny Ramirez is a drug cheat
Shaquille O’Neal Tweeted, “Dam manny ramirez, come on man Agggggggggh, agggggggh,agggggh.
McEnroe to star as tennis returns to Zurich
Tom Brady, Paul Pierce Personal Info Illegally Accessed By Police | The World According to MoonDog
Baseball great Dom DiMaggio dies 
Pitino not ditching Louisville for NBA
New Vikings signee retains his loyalty to Target
He's a Communist! No, He's a Muslim Terrorist!
Where bitch slapping happens
The Top 10 'That's Not Right' Moments in Sports
Skins Game postponed for 2009 because of economy - ESPN
Washington Capitals unhappy Yanni forced back-to-back playoff games - ESPN
Lance Armstrong blames Crow's 'biological clock' for split.  Cyclist: 'She wanted marriage, children ... I didn't want that at that time'
The schools need to stand up and fix the corrupt, greedy BCS. Congress is preening and wasting its time!!
Wicked Hockey Check.  Breaks Glass and Consciousness.
Curtis Granderson Catch of the Year [Video]
NBA admits costly error
Arsenal vs Chelsea Highlights Video : Premiership Highlights
Gary Dell'Abate blows Mets first pitch - Baba Booey lives up to his reputation, lol
Gasquet suspended after testing positive for cocaine.
Manny Ramirez Suspension Makes Immediate Impact on Dodgers
South St. Paul Examiner: Minnesota loses the culture of cold
Resourceful Celtics Find New Ways to Win
Boston sweeps Mother's Day Sunday
San Jose, CA Museum to Honor Ex-NBAer Alonzo Mourning
Topless Laker Girl A True Guitar Hero
Russian swinger Maria Verchenova on course to become the Maria Sharapova of golf
Because I'm hitting [expletive] .200! What am I, Ronald McDonald? A [expletive] clown? This [expletive] isn't fun. It doesn't matter how much you did. You don't produce and sooner or later, you're gone. Done. Vámonos. This is entertainment for them. This is my [expletive] job!
Posterize Your NBA Playoffs Action
Stay classy Mets fans...
Player promises his mom a goal on Mother's Day and boy, does he deliver [VID]
Red Rising, Chicago Blackhawks Take Vancouver Canucks
Manny Being a Man - There are no Morals in Sports
Golden State Warriors Dump Chris Mullin as GM
Clemens on ESPN's Mike and Mike - Clemens critical of new book
Nuggets, Mavs give a shout-out - “[Expletive] you [expletives]!” Martin shouted, flashing his middle finger for emphasis. “We ain’t coming back here!”
Cuban apologizes to Kenyon Martin’s mom
Win a Pair of Dwight Howard Autographed Shoes for $5
A 100 PHOTO TRIBUTE TO THE CLEVELAND CAVALIER GIRLS
Brendan Haywood Tries To Figure Out Blogs
Carmelo Anthony's fiancee LaLa Vasquez was escorted away from courtside at Game 4 [video]
Seahawks Bring Back Lucas
Celtics dig deep to bury Magic - The Boston Globe
Most Revered Streaks in Sports
Lakers return to power - NBA 
Growing up Big Baby
Menchov wins 5th sage in the Giro, Di Luca takes overall. Armstrong, Cunego and Garzelli cracks.
YouTube - Surf 'Perform'
Optimus Nova Stove
New England Patriots Examiner: Jason Taylor chose comfort and loyalty over a chance to win a Super Bowl
Source: O.J. Mayo talks to feds as brother is probed
Rangers vs Red Sox Tickets
Another early exit for Serena Williams ahead of French Open
Simmons-Gladwell Sports Talk Rematch
Brendan Haywood Doesn't Hold Hands
Zodi Outdoor Shower Enclosure
Newcastle United vs Fulham Highlights Video : Premiership Highlights
Everton vs West Ham United Highlights Video : Premiership Highlights
The NFL had agreed to let the player formerly known as Chad Johnson wear his new name on the back of his jersey this season. There's one catch for the receiver: It's not exactly how he wanted it.
WWE Judgment Day 2009 Live Stream
The most predicatable got caught w/ pot story in the history of sports.
Report: Manny test indicated 'steroids'
NBA Finals Results, Before They Happen!
For the Lakers, Rockets Game 7, It May Be 'Sunday, Bloody Sunday' for the Lakers. 
How to bet on the Preakness based on the horses' names - 'Terrain' good, 'Take the Points' bad
Manchester United won the Premier League for the third straight season Saturday after a 0-0 tie with Arsenal.  Tie FTW!!!
Nadal finally crush Djokovic in 2009 Madrid Open for chasing his sixth title of the year
Rachel Alexandra wins the Preakness
Tony Stewart pockets $1M in 1st win as an owner
Rogers still third after rider put in induced coma
5 Star Football Recruits More Likely To Be Arrested Than Drafted
Penn State Clips: Does Penn State's Joe Paterno have a mole inside the NCAA?
Penn State Clips: Penn State football signee Christian Kuntz wins two track golds
Dannie Bulman to Join Oxford United
The Nuggets and Lakers have done this before 
Belgian bodybuilding championship canceled after competitors flee doping officials.
Rays win AL Game with Pitcher in the 3-Spot
Political correctness driving NCAA sanctions against Bobby Bowden and Florida State?
Luck Be A Lottery Tonight
Bodybuilders flee drug test? Like sun coming up in the morning ...
Eureka Solitaire Tent
John Wall finally makes a decision, will play for Kentucky
Comcast and National Football League Reach Long-Term Carriage Agreement for NFL Network
Briny Baird Tees Off From Top Of Omni Hotel Video
Amazin' Comedy of Errors
Fear not, Comcast subscribers– you will be getting your weekly dose of Thursday night NFL games after all
Mets OF Ryan Church addresses talk of him platooning in right field, following today's intra-squad game.
Lakers lead Nuggets by one at halftime
Why are rich people so bad at sports?
Tennessee plans to self-report another NCAA secondary violation
Former England cricketer Chris Lewis guilty of smuggling cocaine into UK
Lakai Limited Footwear - 'fully flared'
Meet Hillary Rhoda - the bikini-clad babe in Mark Sanchez's GQ photo shoot
Mickelson's wife diagnosed with breast cancer (by his publicity manager if this was The Onion)
Zack Greinke is on pace to have the greatest season in baseball history. Let's start with that. If his next 24 starts look like the first eight, he'll finish the year with a record of 28-4, an ERA of 0.60, eight shutouts and 263 Ks.
Eric Bledsoe: Coach Calipari, You Told Me I Was The Man | The World According to MoonDog
Vick has disease for which there is no cure: Idiocy
Is Randy Johnson sexy? Alyssa Milano thinks so!!
Which National Anthem is Better: Mike McCready or Zakk Wilde?
Notre Dame to play at Yankee Stadium?
Bears season ticket holders may owe more taxes
Flip Saunders' Amazed Lottery Face
Bikini-clad Kim Kardashian hits the beach to play some football (with pics)
Former NFL quarterback Leaf indicted on drug, burglary charges
Your 2009 Atlanta Braves
Yankees Sweep Orioles
Joe Paterno on Twitter: The Lost Archives
Markers Show Where Shea Was
Betting line has Cavs 9 point favorite to win game 2. Gimme $100 redditbucks on the Magic
Addressing JaVale McGee Trade Rumors
Ryan Leaf in trouble ... again ...
Evgeni Malkin Amazing Hat Trick vs Carolina, NHL Playoffs Video
Trevor Ariza posterizes Dahntay Jones, NBA Playoffs Video
ModernTube: Orel Hershiser was also a voice that cared - Big League Stew - MLB - Yahoo! Sports
Chicago Fans and Jay Cutler sitting in a tree..
Calgary Flames fire Mike Keenan as head coach
Lebron Hits the Buzzer Beater! (video)
Lebron defines clutch in Cleveland
Forget Ice Hockey and slit throats Soccer is a sport for real men
USF and UConn have a dance off during a rain delay
Where have you gone, Aramis Ramirez?
The Magic have gotten this far without their All Star starting point guard.
Jenson Button wins Monaco Grand Prix
Report: Dallas Cowboys practice facility consultant was ex-convict - ESPN
Albert Haynesworth might be subject of Washington Redskins tampering, Yahoo! Sports reports - ESPN
Dolphins DE Starks charged with hitting officer 
The Worst Road Trip In Cubs History Is Finally Over
Deccan king of IPL
2009 Giro d'Italia.  Leipheimer gets dropped with Armstrong.
It was just too good to last
ESPN SportsCenter Commercials, Glenn Robinson Hounds Olbermann
Mike Tyson's daughter in critical condition after she accidentally hung herself playing in exercise equipment  
After the shove in game 3, Dahntay Jones Trips Kobe in Game 4 (HD)
Simona Halep - biggest breasts in the tennis world
Wait a second...  this shit is impossible. Go to 3:03 in the embedded link or click for deeplink to wtf.
Mike Tyson’s Daughter Exodus Tyson in Life Support
Ali G on NBA Thursday
Busted Coverage: Booze, Ladies And Football » From The Couch: Jon Barry A Single Orange Glow Treatment Away From Being Same Shade As Mike Wilbon
Mo Williams guarantees Cavs will make the Finals. I guess embarassment over his terrible performance has led to desperation?
Barcelona vs Manchester United Live : Champions League Final Live
This takes Physics WIN to a whole new level (PIC) 
Big Papi Moving On Down
John Daly Is Coming to America, Will Play at St. Jude's Championship in Three Weeks, May Wear Stupidly Colored Outfit
Fox Sports Article On Top Women Athletes Includes A Horse
All Fernando Torres' 50 Liverpool Goals (vid)
Announcer uses the acronym OMG  I weep for humanity...
Mr. T Sings Take Me Out To The Ball Game At Wrigley Field
LeBron elbowing Mickaël Piétrus in the face seems familiar.
Champions League Final May Settle Ronaldo-Messi Debate 
Denver Thuggets ('09) vs Portland Jail Blazers (2k's); Dream Prison Matchup? 
Live text - Champions League final build-up
Bryant quipped: I just fell on my face for no reason. I'm a klutz.
Michael Vick Deserves a Second Chance | The World According to MoonDog
Kendra Wilkinson, Holly Madison &amp; Hank Baskett Make A Splash At MGM Grand Pool
Dirk Leaves Pregnant Girlfriend To Rot in Jail
Can Barcelona stop holders Manchester United in the UEFA Champions League Soccer finals today?
Penn State Clips: The fix is in for Florida State and Bobby Bowden
Do we care more about dogs than women? The Tyson/Michael Vick dynamic
Cavs getting burned by Skip to My Lou Alston
Carlos Zambrano Epic Meltdown/Freakout/Gatorade Murder - Video and Photos
Iya Traore Freestyle Football
New England Patriots Examiner: Patriots continue defensive overhaul, sign ILB Paris Lenon
New England Patriots Examiner: Tom Brady practices with team for the first time since his knee injury (Video)
SI and ESPN Need to Check Each Other's Site More Often [PIC]
Stan Van Gundy vs. Ron Jeremy
Brazilian Soccer Fans Invade Team's Practice, Fan Punches Player
Prediction: Next Year JaVale McGee Will Fly Like A Caged Bird Free
Federer survives second-round scare
Manning or Brady? Which QB is better set up for success in 2009
Classic Big Z
Busted Coverage: Booze, Ladies And Football » Erin Andrews In Revealing Dancing With The Stars Outfits? YEESSSSSS!!!!
Darren Helm has only 1 point (an assist) in his career during the regular season.  In the playoffs he has more games, 5 goals, and 7 points total.  1 Stanley Cup and possibly another.
Hooliganism: 'Angry' Man Utd fan kills four in bus attack 
Carlos Zambrano Takes out the Gatorade Machine (Office Space Photoshop)
Famous Football Chants: 'Neville Neville, your play is immense, Neville Neville, you play in defence, Neville Neville, like Jacko you're bad, Neville Neville, the name of your dad'
Detroit4lyfe goes from Bloguin to Blogtopus for NHL Finals: A Story of its transformation
The Ultimate Baseball Manager Tirade. A for effort and creativity
Martini Billboard With Beautiful Model Proves Too Distracting To F1 Racers In Monaco
Preakness winner Rachel Alexandra will not run in the Belmont Stakes, opening the way for jockey Calvin Borel to return to Kentucky Derby winner Mine That Bird in his quest for a personal Triple Crown.
New England Patriots Examiner: Vince Wilfork sends a strong message to the New England Patriots by skipping OTAs
Sidney Crosby bought his playoff beard from Scott Tenorman
Zack Greinke Is Cold Right Now According To Yahoo Fantasy Baseball
Chelsea vs Everton Highlights : FA Cup Final Highlights
Going Bullets Retro with Kevin Grevey
A Look Back: Nomo's No-No At Coors Field
An Unknown Female Freestyler in Action
Robin Söderling - the guy who beat Nadal at the French
Jock And Balls: 10 Disturbing Pictures of Famous Male Athletes as Female Bikini Models
LeBron James as a football player
Magic evaluating Nelson's status for NBA finals
Valuev blames Chagaev’s managers for cancelled fight
DC Rapper Wale Just Not That Into The Wizards
News.HealthGuru.com: Six Fingered Baby Draws Baseball Scouts
NBA Finals matchups
Doctors: Elite Athletes Are Increasing Falling To Hip Injuries
Montreal Canadiens hire Jacques Martin as coach
Will Andy Roddick ever win another major? 
Derrick Rose had to cheat to get around NBA rules to get his one and done.
Top 10 reasons why this MLB season sucks
Hot rod racer Courtney a new Force to be reckoned with
King James left the playoffs as a loser - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
Gator Combo Axe
David Stern comes to Lebrons Defense
June 2: On This Day in 1935 - Babe Ruth Retires (video)
Meet Dominika Cibulkova, the gal who almost shut out Maria Sharapova at the French Open
In soccer, it turns out the first goal is usually the most important
The 5 Ways Rally Car Racing Is Better Than NASCAR
The analysts and writers don't know what they're talking about. Vince Young has been a winning quarterback his entire life. He's been a winning quarterback in the NFL. There's no reason to think he can't be a legitimate NFL starter.
Obama picks Lakers to win pro basketball title
Nike Air Max 95 “Neon”
Sharapova Loses in Worst Grand Slam Defeat of Career
Let the Halladay love continue: quotes from teamates and the opposition following Doc's 14 K complete game
A Better Blogger Than Gilbert Arenas?
Bob Biscigliano answers some questions for Fenway West about the Tigers/Red Sox series
هوندا أكورد accord 2010
Danica Patrick selling cell phones by signing man boobs
An a bomb from Matsui
The Incredible Roger Federer.  Beats Gael Monfils to reach his 20th consecutive Grand Slam semifinals.
Real Madrid tipped to land Kaka for £56m ($91.1m) 
So That's Why Nats Attendance Is Bad
T.O.'s housing problems in Buffalo
Tony Kornheiser Is Just A Hater
Oakland Raiderettes cheerleaders pay visit to U.S. troops in Iraq
Congressman questions NBA's age-minimum rule 
La Russa Sues Twitter Over Impostor
College basketball coaches struggle to hold onto talented players
Carlos Tevez - Joga Bonito
Yahoo has sued the NFL Players Association, claiming it shouldn't have to pay royalties to use players' statistics, photos and other data in its popular online fantasy football game because the information is already publicly available
Bryce Harper punches his ticket to Cooperstown at age 16 - with VIDEO
Hits to head still not banned by NHL GMs 
Lakers Predicted to win NBA Finals in Six Games
Watch 2009 NBA Finals Online
Major League Baseball's draft, the worst in pro sports, is in dire need of a makeover - good read
I just knew that Shaq must be enraged that they call Howard 'Superman'. Shaq's house and bed are covered with giant Superman emblems
LeBron struggles to answer the tough questions
12 year-old pitches perfect game: 18 batters, 18Ks
Reporter gets run over and now he's out for revenge -- and I can see why
What are some good sports websites you go to for news/rumors/conversation?
Lance Armstrong announced the birth of his son on Twitter
It should be Federer’s prize at Roland Garros today 
Dear Kobe, you're one of the all-time greatest, but please stop making that stupid game face
Layla Kiffin wants to help women better understand Tennessee football
New Nike puppets commercial for the Finals Lil Dez &amp; LeBron home alone
U of Memphis investigates their players over cheating and shockingly finds that they didn't cheat and shouldn't be punished
Yao Ming &amp; Taiwanese supermodel Lin Chi-Ling to lend voice talents to new animated film
Ireland to See Largest Snowflex Ski Slope in Europe
 Implications of Zone Defense and its Effects on the Legacy of the Game  the legalization of zone defense helped to secure Michael Jordan's legacy as the greatest player of all time.
Rafael Nadal pulls out of Queen's due to injury.  She's not on the pill.
Rumor: Shaq to Chicago?  =)
Tennis Channel's John McEnroe and Martina Navratilova discuss Rafael Nadal's first-ever loss at the French Open. 
Evaluating Javaris Crittenton in 2008-09
Are there no Nike commercials during The Finals? Seems odd
All Jayhawk's fans on reddit pat yourselves on the back.  Apparently when we beat Memphis for the 2008 title we were beating some serious cheaters.
Long ride to history for Borel
Ervin Santana Stops Blood from Dripping and Tigers from Hitting
NBA Playoffs Are Ratings Magic For Cable Networks
Ed-Win Jackson Helps Tigers End Four Game Losing Streak
Staples Center in LA to Host NBA All-Star Game in 2011
Man runs onto court in French Open final to put a hat on him
Help me understand 2 things about golf &amp; baseball:
Basketball Shoes Nike Kobe IV is the Most Popular
Los Angeles Lakers 2, Orlando Magic 0: Is the 1995 NBA Finals' Sweep Haunting the Magic?
Federer's French Open finals intruder 'a touch scary' 
2009 MLB Draft Preview - or who else besides Strasburg is available?
Hall of Fame Lids: Randy Johnson which team should the Big Unit wear?
ABC's NBA Finals Rout CBS' Tony Awards
A friendly reminder of reddiquette for the sports subreddit people.
NFL Encourages Fans to Send Text Messages to Security Staff to Report Troublemakers
Orioles' Top Prospect Wins World Series In First Major-League At Bat
Tiger Woods and Roger Federer: A Bromance for the Ages
Pirates Trade PNC Park For Swamp In Louisiana | The World According to MoonDog
Olympic ping-pong slo-mo (Beijing 2008)
New Remi Gaillard Video... Incredible football skills!
NASCAR's Earnhardt problem
Does anyone know where I can watch the Stanley Cup game online?
Red Wings Ready to Repeat History in More Ways Than One
USC coach Floyd submits resignation
Who knew trying out for the San Antonio Spurs Silver Dancers squad would be such a logistical ordeal?
High School Wrestling All-American and Nation's Top Recruit David Taylor Commits to Penn State
O.J. Mayo ruins his former coach's career
ESPN reports NASCAR's Mayfield tested positive for meth - Damn straight.
NBA &amp; NCAA Partner for Youth Hoops Program
11 Signs Your Fantasy Baseball Team Isn't Going To Win This Year
Former NBA Ref Tim Donaghy to be released from prison; receives a mob beating
Lakers in 6
Pippen Ain’t Easy: NBA Mock Draft 1.0
USC safety Taylor Mays takes an in-depth look at the Song Girls - and tries to do their routines
The NBA Lottery Is A Scam
Lebron's assistant on the hot seat?
I Thought the First Rule of Betting Was Leave Your Emotions at the Door
China Jack Toasts To NHL Game 7
Want a reason to not like Duke? Just read this…
Storen Book Beginning for Nats' 10th Pick
University of Alabama is placed on 3 years' probation for textbook violations in 16 sports
Your new owner of the St. Louis Rams: Rush Limbaugh?!
Dwyane Wade, Autograph Session Prank, Water Skiing Accident, Video
Evaluating JaVale McGee in 2008-09
100,000 Japanese fans sign petition to keep ex-Mets skipper Bobby Valentine as manager of the Chiba Lotte Marines
Gay's beating Phil Mickelson
Gilbert Arenas' Star Power Strong as Ever
Rose Bowl makes the BCS an all-ESPN affair by 2011 
I've never been to Fenway but I've heard its a dump. I've been to Wrigley several times and its a total piece of shit.
If the Suns only spent this much time on defense...
Ronaldo scores with Paris Hilton in LA night club 
NBA finals game 4: choke or comeback?
Patriots Notebook: Belichick cuts minicamp short, Edelman showing versatility
Ex-NBAer Arrested for Selling Fake Sneakers
Phelps barely wins
Lakers vs Magic Game 5
Pics: Emmanuelle Chriqui throwing out the first pitch at Dodgers game
Recap of Blogs With Balls 1.0 Conference
The NBA All-Animal Team, E.T., Sloth and Miss Piggy Too!
How the world's greatest golfer lost his game - overthinking?
Shaq To Cavs? Bosh To Bulls?
What Jerod Morris Learned During The Most Bizarre Week Of His Life
Los Angeles Lakers Win 2009 NBA Finals: Rants and Raves
Tatsulow Freestyle Football Video Compilation
Former Pro Players Run Basketball Camp in Bahrain
12 NBA Franchises That Deserve A Championship More Than The Lakers
Quantifying basketball's intagibles
Lakers to help pay for their victory parade this Wednesday
Lakers finally get their taste of redemption.
Radical BCS plan in works?
A Wild Week for the Yankees | Yanks Go Yard | A New York Yankees Blog
Zetterberg calls Crosby's actions disrespectful 
Jackson leaves Auerbach in the past 
Ariza, Odom relish Hollywood ending.  They may have to find a new team.
These days, it’s easier for an African-American to become President of the United States than to become a racecar driver in NASCAR.
Interview with Blogger Matt Clapp of Sharapova's Thigh
The Best (Ugliest) Retna Burning Uni's | The World According to MoonDog
Washington Wizards: JaVale McGee’s Workout Plan
Interview with Mike James, Washington Wizard (for now)
Donte Stallworth gets 30 days for DUI manslaughter. THIRTY DAYS! How is that even a possible sentence for a crime of this magnitude? 
Two Things Baseball GMs Should Consider 
Secrets of the fixture computer
Ranking the Top 5 Los Angeles Laker Championship Teams
on this date in 1962, the New York Mets were 16-44 and 25 GB. Today, the Washington Nationals are 16-46 (.258) and 20 GB.
“I don’t think I’ve ever seen a guy acting as natural, as a champion, as Rafael Nadal,”
Being Ernie Grunfeld
Shaquille O'Neal calls out 7' 2 Korean MMA fighter Hong Man Choi
Razorbacks beat Cavaliers in one hell of a CWS game!
Absurd Wizards Trade Possibilities and Rumors
Anna Rawson's first GoDaddy commercial
A Night With Flip Saunders: Part 1
U.S. Soccer Fans Should Be Disgusted After Brazil 
Debacle
South Africa 2010 Tickets

Stallworth suspended indefinitely by NFL
U.S. Open players braced for Monday finish as rain causes havoc
Whoa... link submission is all slick now.  Here's the article's title:  Of Kobe's Wife and Cockroaches
Roger Goodell should end Donte Stallworth's NFL career
Dontrelle Willis Goes Back to the DL with Recurring Anxiety Disorder
Composite Bat Attempted Beating Cape Cod Baseball League | FunOnCapeCod.com
Nadal pulls out of Wimbledon
Real reason behind T.O.'s exit from Dallas - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
10 reasons to take up cycling
Swim Coaching Articles and a swimming FAQ
Marlin Maniac | A Florida Marlins Blog: Dan Uggla and a study on plate discipline
Position favoritism in sports
Manchester United have confirmed that Carlos Tevez is leaving the club.United were willing to pay the £25.5m to turn the striker’s two-year loan move into a permanent five-year deal but Tevez has decided to move on.
Kobe In a New York Knick Uniform, not only could it happen, but it has happened.
Girl gymnast's lucky somersault over a kid (pic)
Dan Uggla and a study on performance | Marlin Maniac | A Florida Marlins Blog
YouTube - 'ORIGINAL' NBA on NBC Theme - Roundball Rock - John Tesh www.tesh.com
Prosecutor Asks for Ex-NBAer Jayson Williams to be Sentenced
A lesson in sports fan ettiquecy…
Lucas Glover Wins 2009 U.S. Open
Ricky Barnes Helps Golfers Find Their Inner Donatella Versace
Former pro wrestler spends his Father's Day beating up his two sons
Joe Girardi wastes my time and everyone else’s | Marlin Maniac | A Florida Marlins Blog
Tom Crean's Twitter is harsh on USC
Pittsburgh Pirates Prospect: Rudy Owens
Tennis commentator claims women at Wimbledon are only there to sell sex
Vettel performs a master class as Redbull takes the title challenge to Brawn.
Transformers: Revenge of the MLB Fallen
2009 NBA Summer League Schedule Announced
Sean Avery discovers the joy of his own sloppy seconds, seen with Mark Sanchez's supposed supermodel girlfriend
BELLATOR XII VIDEO: GUIMAREAS KOs REIS
Ernie Grunfeld’s NBA Draft Presser

Phillies Up Close and Personal Autograph Session.  Great Photos!  [pics]
Ginger face-painting football fan
Joel Zumaya Strikes out Milton Bradley with a 104 MPH Fastball!
Ryan Raburn Makes Jim Leyland Smile with Walk-off homer vs. Cubs
The Quatro Styles - Abdullah (Legend) Freestyle Football
Samurai Cuts Baseball In Half With Sword
Nadal biggest mistakes
Formula One Breakaway Series goes away - FIA and Fota reach agreement
Vikings Interested In Me Now, Favre Can Stay Retired | The World According to MoonDog
Dirk Nowitzki's problems from the German point of view
Federer's Crazy shot around the post / Wimbledon '09 [VID]
Meet some video game models who actually enjoy video games
FOTA wins, Max Mosley’s out and F1 looks forward to a promising future.
The Ten Most Controversial Calls in Sports History
Cavs land Shaq for Wallace, Pavlovic - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
New England Patriots legend Troy Brown honored at “The Tradition”
Sharapova - on court
Sharapova - off court
Suns trade Shaq to Cavaliers
Soccer in South Africa
Shaq to Cleveland, a good move?
Did Shaquille O'Neal learn about move to Cleveland via Twitter?  
PSL: Personal Seat Larceny
Venus Williams beats Kateryna Bondarenko 6-3, 6-2 in 2nd round at Wimbledon - Worldnews.com
Does this mean there will be 3 puppets next year?
Grizzlies May Trade No. 2 Pick, Narrow Choices To Four
Shaq Traded to CAVS
Some Truly Amazing Cubs Stats
MLB All Star Game Tickets 2009 - Meet Me in St. Louis
DEA investigates doctor who wrote Manny Ramirez's prescription 
Vince Carter traded to the Orlando Magic
The Top 10 NBA Draft Outfits Of All Time
Was it worth losing Courtney Lee and Rafer 'Skip To My Lou' Alston, to get Vince Carter? They were both doing well in starting roles.
Bacon Wrapped Cheddar Brats
Ricky Rubio 'Teen Wolf' Movie Poster
He is easily the greatest 127th pick in NBA history. 
F1 turmoil flares again as angry Mosley sears Fota. Will not step down in October.
2009 NBA Draft - Draft Grades
The Sports Guy Bill Simmons: Welcome to NBA Draft Diary XIII
Alabama Crimson Tide appealing football wins vacated via NCAA violations
What Johan Franzen Thinks of Patrick Kane's NHL10 Video Game Cover
Austin Daye is Daye-Man, Fighter of the NIght Man
Rugby Union : Boks pull off an epic win after full time!
Grunting women of tennis
Suit up. Albert Pujols is legendary.
Former pro wrestler Bobby Lashley defeats veteran fighter Bob Sapp in less than two minutes 
The Draft That Got Away From The Washington Wizards
Washington Wizards Web Hits on The 2009 NBA Draft
Point, Counter-Point: Why Didn’t The Wizards Get Vince Carter?
Penn State Clips: Alex Kenney to Penn State?
Danica Patrick? The latest report puts her in a Rick Hendrick Chevrolet
The Confed is done and dusted. What did everyone think of the hosting of the cup?
The Amazing Rachel Alexandra Continues Her Run Towards Greatness [video] 
Post-Draft Rumors: Shaq To Portland?
Spain vs South Africa (3 - 2) Confederations Cup 3rd place goals video highlights
England U21 vs Germany U21 live streaming soccer final match June 29
NBA Pre-season Game in Taiwan Sold Out
Changing of the guards in AL West with Angels vs Rangers
Islanders fans cheering?
Aaron Hill's five favourite guitarists of all time
Houston Rockets center Yao Ming's broken left foot isn't healing properly - reportedly out for all of next season
Hot or Not? Cheyenne Woods
Karate champion Jessica Bratich poses in bikinis
Chiefs RB and hero Joe Delaney died, 26 years ago today, trying to save three drowning boys
Kemenangan 100 Kali Untuk Rossi
Cristiano Ronaldo is Shaken &amp; Stirred [Huge GIF]
Billardtisch, Billardtische vom Fachhändler! Kompetente Beratung
90 Minutes on The Pitch!
Arsenal abandon football, turn to classical music
NFL players among sports' leaders on Twitter 
Why The NHL Draft Needs To Change
B. Manley Crazy Trick Shots: Shaqeille O'Neill invited B. Manley For a Showdown!
Packers QB Aaron Rodgers dating SI swimsuit model &amp; grapefruit heiress Julie Henderson (with pics)
Alex Rodriguez, David Ortiz typify tendency to fall off at age 33 
Last piece of Buffalo Aud being dismantled today
The NBA Vs. The NHL
United sign Valencia
Fox News host goes on tirade against Tony Hawk skateboarding in the White House
Position-by-position: Top 5 free agents this year
EA Sports Sued by two former NCAA Quarterbacks
14 Years Old Tom Folan Freestyle Football Future Legend
RotoSynthesis &gt;&gt; MLB Notes
ATP Challenger Braunschweig live streaming tennis match July 01
Wimbledon live streaming Grand Slams day 9 tennis match July 01
Nacional Montevideo vs Estudiantes La Plata live streaming match July 01
SC Internacional vs Corinthians SP live streaming final match July 01
Pittsburgh Pirates Notebook: Post Trade Thoughts
Tre Fiori vs UE Sant Julia live streaming UEFA Qualifying match July 01
Valencia joins Man Utd from Wigan
Watch Ivo Karlovic vs Roger Federer Live Streaming! Wimbledon 2009 Men’s Quarterfinals Live!

Watch Ivo Karlovic vs Roger Federer Live Streaming! Wimbledon 2009 Men’s Quarterfinals Live!

Watch Lleyton Hewitt vs Andy Roddick Live Streaming! Wimbledon 2009 Men’s Singles Quarterfinals Live!
The steep price of talent: Will the Henry brothers make or break Kansas basketball?
Former boxing champ, Managua mayor Arguello dead - Boxing - Yahoo! Sports
Don't Blame Manny; The Grass Was Wet
Tommy Baker Basketball Freestyle Video
Shoaib needs to get fit for a comeback: Sarfaraz
Watch Live Elena Dementieva vs Serena Williams Online Streaming! Wimbledon 2009 Ladies Singles Semif
A look at the lighter side of the serious business of going racing.
Game 78 Live Blog: Pirates vs Cubs
Elite Cage Fight: Affliction Trilogy: Fedor Emelianenko Trai
Pistons sign Ben Gordon and Charlie Villanueva
Former Boxing Champion Alexis Arguello Found Dead
Pittsburgh Pirates Prospect: Ronald Uviedo
CORNHOLE anyone?? This Hilarious video will get you in the mood for the FOOTBALL SEASON!!!!!!!!!!!
Watch Elena Dementieva Vs Serena Williams Live Streaming Tennis Online|Wimbledon women's Semi Final
Szombathelyi Haladas vs Irtysh Pavlodar live streaming soccer July 2
NSI Runavik vs Rosenborg live online UEFA qualifying match July 2
Sligo vs Vllaznia Shkoder live streaming UEFA qualifying match July 2
Buducnost Podgorica vs Polonia Warsaw live streaming match July 2
Helsingborg vs Mika Ashtarak live streaming UEFA qualifying match July 2
Lisburn Distillery vs FC Zestafoni live streaming 1st Qualifying Round July 2
Fram Reykjavik vs T.N.S. live stream UEFA qualifying match July 2
Watch Elena Dementieva vs Serena Williams Live Streaming! Wimbledon 2009 Ladies Singles Semifinals Live!
Wimbledon 2009 Live Streaming: Watch Elena Dementieva vs Serena Williams Live Streaming! Wimbledon 2009 Ladies Singles Semifinals Live!
Wimbledon Semi Finals
Charlie Villanueva Tweets Detroit Basketball!
Uefa tightens anti-racism rules
Lou Gehrig's letters from the last few months of his life.
New York Jets linebacker Calvin Pace suspended by NFL for four games
A game between the Houston Astros and San Diego Padres was delayed in the top of the ninth inning Thursday when a swarm of bees took over part of left field at Petco Park.
Anyone watching the American Football Junior World Championship? USA v Canada in Final
   Roddick vs Murray watch live 
Andy Murray Vs Andy Roddick Live Streaming Tennis Online|Wimbledon Semi Final
Sport Driven - Sports Marketing Made Simple!
Ed Butowsky
Could Trent Edwards Be a 2009 Breakout Threat?
Passionate Fan...Or A Homer?
Allen Iverson To Memphis?
Artest Says He Is Headed to the Lakers 
Canucks did Leafs big favour in Sedin deal
BBC Sport - Owen completes switch to Man Utd 
Is Bridgestone’s latest tire policy change the best option for F1?
Trevor Ariza will be this year's James Posey. 
INSIDE PRIMAL QUEST - Gopher!
I'm Not a Retard, I'm Just a Little Slowey: Big Series for Tigers vs. Twins This Weekend
New football league will consider signing Vick 
Is tennis really the cleanest sport in the world? - By Bill Gifford - Slate Magazine
Letest News of Sports: Andy Murray's Wimbledon dream crushed by Roddick
Great Honus Wagner Baseball Card
Today is the 70th anniversary of Lou Gehrig's 
famous farewell speech. Here's the (very 
emotional) video.
Washington Bullets Draft Demons of the Past: Dinner Bell Mel Turpin
Finding A Big Man For The Washington Wizards
Which players in the MLB do you think are/were on steroids that haven't been outed?
Tiger Woods: ‘I’d never take a golf vacation’
Who writes these articles? [pic]
Strategie de pariere pe fotbal O/U 0.5
Former NFL quarterback Steve McNair killed 
Former NFL quarterback Steve McNair found dead
The SF Giants are winning the NL way
Pittsburgh Pirates Prospect Watch 7/4/09
Photos of Sahel Kazemi, the woman found dead with Steve McNair
Watch Wimbledon Tennis Championships 2009,Andy Roddick V Roger Federer final live on your pc
Tony Romo Regrets Eating Greasy Fried Chicken During Crucial Field-Goal Attempt
Does anyone else enjoy seeing Tiger, Federer, Armstrong, etc. win all the time so that you can tell your kids, I saw the greatest ever in their prime.?
Roger Federer: Officially the Greatest Tennis Player EVER
Federer wins five-set Wimbledon thriller
McNair Investigation Focuses on Woman
Wallace goes to Celts
Federer embodies Swiss virtues, say newspapers
Basel vs Panathinaikos live webcast video friendly match July 6
Sturm Graz vs Ostrava live online video friendly match July 6
Will Albert Pujols Get A-Rod Money In 2012?
Did Ron Artest seal his Lakers deal in the shower with Kobe?
The most amazing futsal goal (video)
Enjoy Panama vs Guadeloupe (1 - 2) goals highlights video
Watch Nicaragua vs Mexico (0 - 2) goals highlights video
Egypt vs Rwanda (3 - 0) goals Qualifying soccer video
Pakistan vs Sri Lanka 1st test highlights day 3
Mets not healthy enough to compete with Dodgers
Sri Lanka vs Pakistan live online at Galle, 1st Test - day 4
Taj Gibson: Starter or Energy Sub? 
Serena Williams, you're good but you're fat and could have been great...
Tribune Co. sells Chicago Cubs - source
A Tribute To Steve McNair - Including a 71 yard run from almost being sacked (1973-2009) RIP
Phil Mickelson's mother diagnosed with breast cancer - ESPN
Dusty Baker on the Reds worst loss in over a 100 years:“We got slaughtered as they used to say.” 
Tre Fiori vs Sant Julia live streaming video UEFA qualifying match July 7
Levski Sofia vs 1. FC Kaiserslautern live webcasting video friendly match July 7
FC Schalke 04 vs FC Twente live telecast video friendly match July 7
Nicole Bobek Arrested On Drug Charges (Mugshot, Photos)
Which MLB Division Leader Will Not Make The Playoffs?
Yankees pitching will lead the way to another series win
Turkoglu flips the script on Portland
Clownin’ With The Washington Wizards: Andray Blatche don't know nothin' about college.
Manny's a miser when it comes to minor league meal traditions
McNair and His 'Friend' -- Before the Shootings 
Accused killer of Iowa high school football coach pleads not guilty
Fantasy Football Risers For 2009
Watch Jamaica vs Costa Rica Live Streaming! CONCACAF Gold Cup 2009 Live Streaming

 Top 10 Tour de France Moments - TIME
Milan aim to appease fans with Onyewu signing
Watch El Salvador vs Canda Live Streaming! CONCACAF Gold Cup 2009 Live!

Is LeBron James hindering the Cavaliers' progress?
Kings of the Octagon
Welcome to The Death Race - 24 hours of hell in Pittsfield, VT
Tony La Russa drops lawsuit against Twitter
22 Sports People That You Must Follow On Twitter
Former skating champ pleads not guilty in drug ring probe
Joe Sakic to retire Thursday, ending his 20-year NHL career.
Lance Armstrong lashes out at former Tour de France boss
Teams slow to re-sign '05 draft picks 
Your Guide to Playing Golf like Pros
Pittsburgh Pirates Prospect Watch 7/7/09
Best Sports Pictures Of the Week: Real Madrid's new player Portuguese Cristiano Ronaldo smiles during his official presentation at the Santiago Bernabeu Stadium in Madrid on July 6, 2009.
Pittsburgh Pirates Notebook: Could Garrett Jones be part of the future?
Some Fun Facts about Brandon Inge: Vote him into the All-Star Game
Terry will not be lured away, insists Ancelotti
NBA Salary Cap Set at $58 Million
World Rally Championships in Monte Carlo
The 50 most annoying things about golf
Blue Jackets Call Up A Radio Announcer?
Watch Estudiantes La Plata vs Cruzeiro Live Streaming! Copa Libertadores Final First Leg!
Xavier sophmore dunks on King James!, Lebron throws hissy fit, confiscates tapes.....
NHL Friday Frenzy Hockey Montage 2008-09 [vid]
How to bet on baseball
Game 85 Live Blog: Pirates at Astros
Armstrong apologizes to Sastre and Vande Velde 
Armstrong lashes out at Tour de France boss
INSIDE PRIMAL QUEST - The Final Climb...
Fantasy Football 09 Strategy: Sleepers
100kcrossing
WTF: LEBRON JAMES GETS DUNKED ON BY A COLLEGE PLAYER AND CONFISCATES ALL VIDEO TO PROVE IT
Open swim at club not so open, as pool attendees kick out African-American children
Anyone else think the Shaq in a Cavs jersey background on Shaq's Twitter page looks shopped?
Ex-Mets star Dykstra files for bankruptcy in LA - MLB - Yahoo! Sports
» David Ortiz false birth certificate
Preview: 2009-10 Upper Deck Artifacts Hockey
Llagostera/Martínez vs Schiavone/Suárez live online July 9
Cirstea/Wozniacki vs Kondratieva/Lefèvre live streaming July 9
Rosenborg vs NSI Runavik live streaming Qualifying soccer July 9
A list of teams and riders in the tour that tweet 
Rudar Velenje vs Trans Narva live UEFA Qualifying soccer July 9
Llanelli vs Motherwell live online UEFA Qualifying soccer July 9
Nike and LeBron just do it: Steal a tape that shows a college kid dunking on the King. Pathetic.
Siroki Brijeg vs Banants live webcasting UEFA Europa League July 9
Fans line up to honor slain ex-NFL QB McNair - He was shot in his sleep.
Top ten Open Championship debuts
Come join the party @ the Fishing Reddit!
I don't like baseball, but this is pretty cool nonetheless
Olympics Network: USOC Teams With Comcast For Olympics TV Station
Can you name the single season 2000 yard rushers (NCAA Division 1-A)?
Lance getting off the bus.
Watch Greece vs Andorra live free online football here
Price tries to get on track against Halladay, Blue Jays
Italy vs Switzerland live streaming link free here


Keflavik vs Valletta live streaming UEFA Europa League July 9
Italy vs Switzerland live streaming football free here
Ryan gone but hefty contract lingers
Haiti vs Grenada (2 - 0) goals Gold Cup video highlights
UFC 100 Preview: Brock Lesnar Talks About WWE, UFC, and Crushing Frank Mir
Dodgers will roll into break with Milwaukee win
Auburn Tigers Football Preview 2009 | SECRivals.com
Guadeloupe vs Nicaragua live streaming Gold Cup soccer July 9
Should Shane Victorino be a Starter on the All-Star Team?
Armstrong reaches Tour de France crossroads
Steve McNair was a famous NFL quarterback, but back home in Mississippi -- at Alcorn State -- he was a happening 
Phelps breaks 100 Fly World Record
INSIDE PRIMAL QUEST - Giggled for half an hour!
Pittsburgh Pirates Prospect Watch 7/9/09
The Resurgence of Derrek Lee
costa rica vs canada live streaming link here free
sports trivia
Preseason shoulder test may predict injury severity 
for baseball pitchers
Rich Eisen's Twitter Hacked: i am so horny
Australia Duped out of spot at World Cup
ACF Fiorentina Unofficial Blog
Brace yourself for the dreaded 'p' word at Miami - pro style offense
Brett Favre was addicted to Vicodin and faced a $900,000 fine from the NFL if he didn't go to rehab.
The Binghamton Bad Boys are at it again
Does Vegas Care About Mike Miller and Randy Foye?
Three Idiots on Sports: Fat Guy Friday
Soccer is boring? Mexico vs. Panama nears pandemonium.
UFC 100 Weigh-In Video
A (porn?) prospect in the Detroit Tigers organization 
Has Ron Artest become a better citizen? Or have the Houston Rockets just done a good job covering up his bad behavior?
Bruce Smith charged with DUI; tries to blame it on old football injuries
The best golf story I think I've heard- Moe Norman on ESPN
Calling all TAILGATERS!
Pittsburgh's Joel Hanrahan gets his first win despite being 1,500 miles awa
Pittsburgh Pirates Notebook: The Success of the 2009 Spikes
Your Washington Wizards: Clubbing In Miami and Building Playgrounds
Jonathan Sanchez pitches no-hitter for the Giants   
Baseball teams fear 'haunted' Milwaukee hotel 
NFL player careers not hurt by ACL reconstruction - 
study
Wining In Football: It Is All In The Mind Really
Former boxing champion Arturo Gatti found dead
TheDailyBlitz.com: Cards, Dansby far apart in talks on long-term deal
Cleveland Browns wide receiver Donte Stallworth gets 30 days in jail for DUI manslaughter in Florida 
Why not trade Carlos Boozer to New York for David Lee?
Pittsburgh Pirates Notebook: Back to the Futures
TheDailyBlitz.com: Wade Phillips running a tight ship?
RIP - Foul play feared as boxing champ Arturo Gatti found dead in a hotel in Brazil
Artuto Gatti's wife, Amanda Rodrigues in police custody; Gatti was reportedly found strangled
The Sunday Smack: I dunked on LeBron James, too
Why you aren't a pro golfer
No Hitter Sanchez | Renovo Media
BROCK LESNAR VS FRANK MIR UFC100 on Yahoo! Video
Mid-season Awards: A.L. MVP
Carmen Electra settles lawsuit with Naked Women's Wrestling League
Evan Longoria is Lead Hitter for duPont REGISTRY's Tampa Bay ALLSTAR's Edition (pic)
Help Logan Campbell fund his Olympic bid by shagging his ho
Practice before a round of golf can actually make you play worse
Shaq vs. Brock Lesnar? It could happen
UFC 100 Brock Lesnar and Frank Mir2 Video UFC 100 
Economic Stimulus Package: NBA Style
The Home Run Derby Drinking Game
Home Run Derby Trivia 
Despite the on going financial fallout, more countries are falling over themselves in a bid to join the F1 show.
New faces - 5 possible NBA endorsement deals
Derby inspires revisionist history - ESPN
Holy SIt.
Where have you gone, Delino DeShields?
Jam Packed Pittsburgh Pirates Trade Market Preview
And the starting QB in Chicago is......
Dear Nike: You didn't remove this video of LeBron getting dunked on
State of the Brewers heading into the All Star break.
Stephen A. Smith left ESPN, apparently
Contador rivalry could cost us the Tour, says Armstrong 
Open Preview: Tiger takes inspiration from Federer
The UFC's new Ring Girl is... 
Brock Lesnar Wants Beer And Sex
No-Handed Motorcycle Backflip Over London's Tower Bridge (w/video)
Pittsburgh Pirates Prospect Watch 7/14/09
Flintoff is retiring from cricket!!
Sweet Home Chicagoland; Mark Martin Wins 4th Race of the Season
Ultimate Line up of Guys who Rocked Mullets
Golfer loses legal bid to get amateur status back after issuing a $1 million challenge to anyone who could beat him at 72 holes of golf and at poker.
Doug Simon interviews Associate Director of Athletic Communications, Stacey Brann of Rutgers University
Ex-Cubs equipment manager who worked 65 years for the team gets kicked out by Wrigley security
Introduction to The Beckham Experiment by Grant Wahl - Hardcover - Random House
Lenny Dykstra's Financial Career | The Daily Show
Favre says he'll decide on comeback by July 30
Derek Jeter Leads Yankees to Victory with Dramatic Walk-Off Intangible
Roy Halladay trade
Carlos Boozer Still Thinks He Might Be A Bull
Derrek Lee's Resurgence
Norm Macdonald's monologue from the 1998 ESPY's
 Soccer ace Peter Crouch is all set to tie the knot with girlfriend Abbey Clancy, it has emerged.

The happy news came after he crouched down on a lanky bended knee to pop the question, reports The Sun.
Here's to you Mr. Get in 'da Hole on every shot guy...The nine people at every golf tourney
6 year old gets Hole in One using SpongeBob golf ball.  FML
1st Person Referenicng in Sports
Legend has it one night something magical happened. They say his feet taste like timber. Featuring Zidane and Messi. 

Colorado Rockies, Arizona Diamondbacks to share Spring Training site on tribal land near Scottsdale, AZ
Pacers Sign Josh McRoberts To 2-Year Deal | Pacers Place
Great Moments In Pacers Draft History - Reggie Miller | Pacers Place
Cristiano Ronaldo Wallpapers for Zune
The Ashes: England collapse tarnishes early promise at Lords
bengals might as well buy a graham
St. Louis newspaper publishes home addresses of former &amp; current Cardinals players. Invasion of privacy or a matter of First Amendment rights?
Bobby Knight at the MLB All-Star Game (Pics)
Double shocker: Watson leads, Woods misses cut - Golf

The Grandstand: Meeting the President and signing autographs 
How Red Sox pitchers work the strike zone
SEC Complaint Against Mark Cuban Thrown Out
Tour de France spectator dies after being hit by motorcycle
Philadelphia Eagles Cheerleaders Unveil 2009 Eco-Sexy Calendar
Made For TV Lynch
Does This Look Like The Face Of Unforced Error?
From Athletes to Politicians: Manny Pacquiao, Jerry Lawler, the greatest of all-time
*Update* - Arturo Gatti Committed Suicide
America's White Boy: Play Ball! - 2nd Half Predictions
TheDailyBlitz.com: T.O. hopes to show other side with reality show
Tommeke Boonen pulls out before 15th stage of Tour de France
Big Titted Female Athletes
Why Jennifer Metcalfe broke up with footballer Jermaine Pennant
A look back at the baseball world as Apollo 11 was touching down
Tom Watson makes biggest 1-week jump in World Golf Ranking - Watson leaps 1,269 spots to 105th
Miguel Cotto, Manny Pacquiao agree to November showdown 
NFL players show off their incredible off-field skills in the new set of Fantasy Files [vids]
'Big' Ben Roethlisberger Sued for Sexual Assault by Casino Employee
Roughin' The Rugby Referee - VIDEO
 Beaten By An Infant High School Kid. What Could Be More Humiliating? | Ask SD QB Rivers.
Andrea McNulty (Chick Suing Ben Roethlisberger) Might Actually Be Nutty
NASCAR: Why Is It Not Done On Thousands Of Bicycles? | The Onion
The man’s wife created an email account, posing as a soldier in Iraq. The wife emailed McNulty to gain information. A co-worker said McNulty fell in love with the fictitious soldier and told people she was engaged to him. When the wife stopped, she then told people the soldier was KIA
Great moments in booing history
Shaquille O'Neal to face Michael Phelps, Albert Pujols, Ben Roethlisberger in Shaq Vs. - ESPN
Wait, Ben Sexually Assaulted a Harlequin Novelist?
America's White Boy: Erin Andrews Video Photos Turns NY Post Writer Into A Virgin Blogger
Dana Whites rant to Loretta Hunt from Sherdog - nsfw
Oscar-winning actor gets in ear of Ochocinco - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Tebowgate Update: The plot thickens as Kiffin reveals his vote 
Podcast Interview - Chris Dickerson of the Cincinnati Reds and Founder of We Play Green
T.J. Houshmandzadeh: I'm not playing Madden no more
Kadron Boone thinking long and hard on his decision
TNA iMPACT Spoilers for the next two weeks (23-30/07/09)
Gerrard punched victim with speed of a professional boxer
Zebra bite sidelines Gorilla for season. Uh, come again?
Tampa Bay Rays offering free prostate cancer screenings at Tropicana Field
Contador closer to Tour win, drops teammate Kloden; Armstrong now 4th
Report: NFL might conditionally reinstate Vick 
If It Makes You Feel Any Better TJ, My Created Receiver On Madden '09 Has A 99 Rating 
The Lebron James gets dunked on video that Nike tried to suppress.
Contador causes more friction for Lance, team
Jordan Crawford Jamming On LeBron Video About More Than A Dunk
From Israel to the N.B.A., Missing the Hummus, The New York Times

The first ever Israeli in the NBA.
Lebron James Getting Dunk Over Video Released All Over Web!
A preview of the Florida Gators quarterback positions for 2009.
The Video LeBron Didn't Want You to See
does anyone else think pete carroll looks like draco malfoy?
Michael Schwindl - He is Not a Football Freestyler
The Top 10 Best Facial Hair in Baseball History
The Greatest players never to make the Super Bowl
Ben Cahoon Makes an Impressive Helmet catch [Vid]
Ohio man gets left- and right-handed holes-in-one
David Beckham: It's about time you learnt how to really abuse the fans...
Eto'o agrees to personal terms for Inter move; Ibrahimovic to go to Barcelona.
J-Macverine Descends Upon Las Vegas
Yes, your team (Clippers, Mets, Nationals, Pirates, Lions) sucks.  How do you survive?  Here's some advice.
Josh Barnett has been removed from his Affliction: Trilogy main-event bout with Fedor Emelianenko after testing positive for a banned substance.
The new top five in the general classification: 1. Alberto Contador; 2. Andy Schleck at 4:11; 3. Lance Armstrong at 5:25; 4. Bradley Wiggins at 5:36; 5. Andreas Kloden at 5:38
Lance Armstrong rises to 3rd place overall, Contador wins time trial 
Bingo the Bee's home run celebration goes awry at Binghamton Mets game
Mark Richt Is Starting To Get The Lane Kiffin Treatment 
Jamie Moyer: Wine Aficionado
Amid Erin Andrews scandal, Pam Oliver stands tall
Welcome to NBA Hell (2009): The Nine Most Torturous Franchises in the NBA
What’s The Next Great Sports Media Scandal?!
Ben Roethlisberger issues statement about sexual assault charges [video and transcription]
When divers dive
Video of Ben Roethlisberger Press Conference Responding to Sexual Assault Allegations
Mark Buehrle Throws No Hitter VS Tampa Bay Rays!!!
Chicago White Sox pitcher Mark Buehrle throws 18th perfect game in MLB history
Lebron James admits to smoking marijuana in High school
Former White Sox pitcher admits HGH use - MLB - Yahoo! Sports
America's White Boy: Buehrle's Perfect Game Puts Pressure On Cubs
The FA : Whatever your level
A Fascinating Day of NFL Tweets
Alinghi defends use of engine to trim sails
FIA Superlicense-gate with Jaime Alguersuari Victim of the Press
Roger Federer becomes father of twin girls
Shameless Commercials and Ads feat. Athletes
Record-setting swimming bodysuits banned 
Don't feel bad LeBron, lots of NBA stars have been posterized
Portland Mountain Biking Short Track Series 2009
Steve Spurrier admits he didn't vote Tim Tebow first-team All-SEC
Base jumper costly rescue operation
2009 Tour de France - Some scenes from Mont Ventoux, Stage 20 [vid]
Tony Kubek Returns to Baseball After 15-Year Break
T.O.-mania hits Buffalo as training camp begins - Receiver’s presence ‘adds a lot of excitement’ to Bills’ first day of practice.  I wonder what they'll say after their upcoming losing season when the real TO  emerges?
Hank Aaron says those linked with steroids should have asterisks by records - ESPN
Random Pacer - Scott Haskin | Pacers Place
We Like Sports
Alberto Contador seals his second Tour de France victory while Mark Cavendish takes his sixth stage win with a sprint finish in Paris.
Hank Aaron admitted to taking PEDs.  That's an asterisk.
Three MLB teams that need to make a move; two that don’t
2009 Tour de France - Stage 21 - Finish of the final stage on the Champs-Élysées in Paris  [vid]
Teammates deliver for Phelps as U.S. wins relay - Just like Olympics, Americans beat France in 400 relay; 6 world records set
Pro boxer Vernon Forrest killed Saturday night in Atlanta robbery gone wrong
2009 Tour de France - Final Lap and sprint finish on the Champs-Élysées in Paris, France [vid]
For Sale: 7 Sizzlers from the Spanish Primera Liga
Cricketer fighting for his life after getting struck by lightning in Brooklyn
Michael Vick has enough problems.  The last thing he needs is for his biggest advocate to be Terrell Owens.
Update: Hamburger-Faced Felipe Massa Awake, In Stable Condition
Henderson, Rice, Gordon Inducted into Baseball
Contador's reign on Tour expected to last

Tyson Gay confident he will 'shock world' by upstaging Usain Bolt - ESPN
Lance Armstrong Interviewed by CNN After Placing 3rd Overall in the 2009 Tour de France
N.F.L. Grants Vick an Opening
Omar Minaya fires a subordinate for reported behavioral problems, then shoots the messenger who exposed those problems.
URIJAH FABER SAYS HAND WILL BE 100% IN A MONTH
Tiger Woods: Still amazing after missing a cut
Alberto Contador flings a bunch of mud in Lance Armstrong's direction
ESPN to push SEC even further ahead of competitors
Two Strikes, You're Out?  Could Baseball Improve the Game By Altering One of Its Fundamental Rules?
The Five Hottest Cheerleader Uniforms in Sports
Was the stewards’ decision to ban Renault influenced by Massa and Surtees’ accidents?
The First Sideline Reporter: All Of This Was Just Nonsense
Bowman threatens to pull Phelps from meets over bodysuit ban
Childress: Favre staying retired
Favre Staying Retired
Gottlieb on ESPN radio is reporting that Favre will NOT be a Viking. Favre addressed the team, Jared Allen told Rachel Nichols, she told the world.
ESPN makes fun of Shaq's WWE appearance (Video)
Tech wrecks sport - Phelps may boycott over high-tech swimming-suits
Arena X-Glide Suit Michael Phelps Update
Ahhh! My Knee Just Melted Off
DC kayak rentals: Fletcher's Cove
Complete mainstream coverage of Shaq's WWE appearance
Phelps rebounds with world record in 200 butterfly
BBC SPORT | Michael Schumacher will make a shock return to Formula 1 to replace injured Ferrari driver Felipe Massa
World Champion Phillies trade for Indian's Ace Cliff Lee
Lesbian Kisses a No-No for Wash, DC Women's Basketball Team
Michael Schumacher to Come Out of Retirement
MD kayak rentals: Calleva at the National Harbor
Tennis Tips (Part 1) | CosmoLearning Sports. Full, free to watch, video lectures.
Pro-Pot Athletes, New Trend or Always Been That Way and Hidden?
Australian Team Pushing Pawar (BCCI President)
Irvin comes to defense of Romo - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Fabricio Oberto vs. Darius Songaila

The Miseducation of Brendan Haywood
Michael Schumacher career (illustrated)
Sheesh. Now he's having beers with... [comic]
Dog torturing and killing felon Michael Vick says he's ‘getting close’ to finding team
Manny and Big Papi on Steroid List? We Reported That a Month Ago
Ortiz and Ramirez Said to Be on 2003 Doping List 
The NHL clearly doesn't want another canadian team
Times: Manny, Ortiz tested positive in '03
Raptors sign Nesterovic; aquire Marco Belinelli from Golden State Warriors for Devean George. 
Michael Phelps vows not to swim until supersuits are banned
Ortiz Wants Season-Long Ban for Steroid Users - guess whose name just came up on the steroid list.
Visanthe Shiancoe does not find team meetings entertaining
It's Almost Time For Fantasy Football!  Who Else Got Screwed By Your Bench Last Season? [PIC]
Jose Canseco: MLB ‘has a Hall of Famer who's used’ - won't ID ex-player who he says used performance-enhancers
World Dwarf Games Belfast 2009
Twins playoffs hopes dim as Tigers acquire Jarrod Washburn from the Mariners.
The Most Disliked People In Sports
Orlando Cabrera joins the Twins in exchange for  minor leaguer Tyler Ladendorf.  Twins get cash, too.
Dog-killer-Michael-Vick-to-Patriots rumor continues to pick up steam
What the UFC really offered Fedor
In Which We Drink In The Hilarious Naivete Of Red Sox Nation
Dana White: I Did Everything I Could to Try and Sign Fedor
Inspiring Versus Promo [Video] 
Manny Ramirez Asks Red Sox If He Can Work From Home
Scuba Diving 101: Understanding Scuba Diving as a Hobby or as a Career
John Daly losing feel in hands, confidence in game
Holy shit, who could have guessed that David Ortiz lied when he said he didn't know about the positive test.
Phelps wins rematch with Cavic in 100 Fly
The Red Sox Nation, Betrayed 
Michael Phelps embarrasses competition again, wearing the slow suit this time
Brock Lesnar to appear on ESPN
Roger Federer Mirka Vavrinec Welcome Twins Photo
MLB: Oh Cy Can You See
After Surgery, DeShawn Stevenson Is Ready to Bounce Back
Rich Harden Should Close For the Cubs
Shaq says David Beckham is too scared to be on his reality TV show
Dallas Cowboys WR Roy Williams on the cover of Detroit Lions 2009 calendar
‘Friendly’ Canada vs. Italy Game Turns Ugly 
Remembering Thurman Munson 
The signing of the new Concorde signals the return of commonsense to F1
Rosters of the 2009 Lingerie Football League Teams 
Just for funsies, here is Cassius Clay (aka Muhammad Ali) getting knocked down, hard, by Briton Henry Cooper. The fun really starts at about 2:58.
In 1979, O's manager asked columnist if entering the locker room made her horny. Today, Erin Andrews' plight shows not much has changed.
Liverpool agree to sell Xabi Alonso to Real Madrid (undisclosed fee)
Cavs and Celtics to open NBA season Oct 27
Chiefs sign WR Toomer - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
UFC 101 Preview and Predictions 
Dunleavy Could Return Early This Season | Pacers Place
LeBron James breaks silence on 'Dunkgate,' handshake snub
Video-Oakland A's Fan Tased at Coliseum
Just putting a feeler out. Anyone interested in participating in a NHL regular season hockey pool in support of minor hockey?
5 Sleeper RB's (Running Backs) for Fantasy Football 2009
Interview with Reese Zoppelt of the Lingerie Football League
Measuring the new college football coaches 
Thomas was more than just life of party - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
David Ortiz of Boston Red Sox apologizes, says he never used or bought steroids, but Boston bought him HGH for shits and giggles.
Jesus lover Josh Hamilton seen wasted in a bar hitting on chicks
UFC 101: BJ Penn vs Kenny Florian Video
Cowboys veterans do awful, awful things to the heads of rookies - Shutdown ... - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Double moral in football
And..that happened.
Yankees finish four-game sweep, turn tables on Red Sox
How can UFC optimize Anderson Silva's potential?
Kurt Rambis takes Kevin McHale's job - probably because of this clothesline [video]
Free Fantasy Football Draft Kit
Free Fantasy Football Draft Guide
NCAA College Football Power Rankings - NCAA Football - ESPN
Schumacher calls off F1 comeback because of a neck injury.
Speed walking through Barclay Lake (PICS)
IOC considering women's boxing, other sports for 2012 Olympics
Panthers WR Smith hopeful to be ready for opener - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Reinsdorf, creditors reach deal to buy the Phoenix Coyotes.
America's White Boy: Rick Pitino, You Got Some Explaining To Do
Naming Wrongs T-Shirts: with titles like I'm calling it Shea and I still call it Comiskey, you too can reclaim your stadium's dignity
Badwater ultramarathon: 135 miles in 130 degree heat - CNN.com
Golf &amp; rugby set to join Olympics
Jeff Foster Graduates From College | Pacers Place
Jennie Finch is hawking a product from ProMounds
Wrigley Field beer tosser turns self in to police.
Women’s Boxing Added for 2012 Olympics - NYTimes.com
MLB Shane Victorino Gets Beer Bath (They got the Wrong Guy:Evidence)
Michael Phelps Involved in Car Accident [Pics]
Galaxy's Landon Donovan says he has the H1N1 flu virus
Michael Vick and the NFL: Should He Get a Second Chance?
Well, he's back. Next step: the Eagles should donate $1,000 to an animal shelter for every scoring drive Michael Vick is involved in.
Before you continue to make disparaging comments about Mexico, Read this. Landon Donovan most likely contracted H1N1 in the US.
from Sept. 08: Warren Sapp called Florida coach Urban Meyer a classless dirtbag
Didier Drogba Opens EPL Season in Style
America's White Boy: 2009 Fantasy Football Sleepers (Team By Team)
Random Pacer - Damon Bailey | Pacers Place
Watching the Dew Tour Bmx stuff and seeing Alli all over the place. Did nobody think it was a bad idea to give a trade association for sports that make you crap your pants the same name as a drug that does?
Usain Bolt wins 100m gold at the World Championships in Berlin with new world record time of 9.58 seconds.
The sound of bat on ball on a summer's evening. Plenty of fast bowling, big hitting and safe hands in the field. But this isn't cricket, it's baseball. British baseball
Bolt breaks sets World Record for the 100m at 9.58s. -- The biggest drop in times ever. [vid]
Y.E. Yang takes down Tiger to win PGA Championship
Tiger at the Tee
WEC Fighter Cole Province Tests Positive for Steroids
Tiger as Mortal Soul - Golf - Yahoo! Sports
A nice reminder that there's more to big time sports programs than steroids and over indulged jocks. 
Top 10 Dunks Over Mt. Mutombo
Romain Grosjean to drive for Renault F1 team
Beleke vs Bolt in the 800m? I would definitely beat him - Bekele 
7 Juiceless MLB Players Content with Mediocrity
Millennium Pong: Beer pong with 1,000 cups
AJ Styles Retirement
Today, the Southeastern Conference (SEC) is expected to release a final version of its new media policy that, at the moment, can best be described as a ban on all social media usage at SEC games
Chevy Rock and Roll 400 Tickets Richmond

SEC bans Twitter &amp; Facebook at games
Tom Cable goes Romanowski on assistant coach Randy Hanson 
Cust calls Mitchell Report a 'joke'
The world according to Favre (timeline of his misleading quotes)
Three members of Nippon Ham Fighters contract swine flu; entire team to be tested.  Bacon.
Expect the Miami Dolphins to do more grunting this season.
16 Great Clutch Athletes - LIFE
Former all-time SEC three-point record holder arrested for DWI [pic!]
Plaxico Burress Heading To Jail
Usain Bolt breaks 200m record
A tale of two Little Leaguers
Steelers QB Roethlisberger hurts foot or ankle - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Random Pacer - Haywoode Workman | Pacers Place
Everyone keeps saying Favre is selfish and egotistical but...
After the Mariners later found out the injury actually was fairly serious, Griffey says they still laughed.
Broncos WR Marshall stays behind
Why do we care if Olympic athlete Caster Semenya is really a woman?
All that talk about the triple crown and greatest statistical season EVER during the All-Star break...Pujols really slowed down
How long till the NFL takes this off their site?
England wins The Ashes 2-1 after a 5-0 whitewashing in 2007
Anyone here surf? (in the ocean, not the 'net)
Messi goal. 23-Aug-2009. Barcelona Vs Bilbao. Spanish Super Cup (youtube)
Jim Rice blames reported Derek Jeter, Alex Rodriguez remarks on rivalry, misquote - ESPN
3 lawsuits may change how NCAA operates | Currently the NCAA needs unpaid amateurs without legal representation to operate as a cash cow educational non-profit
SEC primed to produce another BCS champ
Police searching boxer Mayweather's car as part of shooting investigation
Philip Rivers agrees to six-year 92 million dollar extension with San Diego Chargers
Arizona Diamondbacks Superstar Mark Reynolds Joins Supreme Protein’s Elite Team Supreme
Coal Creek Golf Course Celebrates the Men and Women of the Armed Forces this Labor Day Weekend
Rockies' Spilborghs hits grand slam in the 14th 
There are two things no man will admit he cannot do well: drive and make love
Mexico and Uruguay basketball Brawl from this Saturday.
Cristal Taylor Begs For Leniency
Antagonistic baseball signage
The top 10 lottery busts of the last decade
Soccer Fans are badass. Period.
Brady focused on season, not other QBs' contracts - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
In such cases, the testes never descend from the abdomen and the genitalia may resemble female genitalia.
Graphic representation of Major League team relocations
Mets curse continues... lose third pitcher for the year in past two days
Kanes plead guilty to disorderly conduct
Cardinals Nation: Some of the classiest sports fans you'll ever meet in your life
Healthy plant-based diet has Gonzalez in shape, ready to shine in Atlanta 
Garcia in position to choke again at The Barclays
Michael Vick's return to NFL action: If nothing else, the arm's still there.
Sports Most Infamous Cocaine Scandals
Was the Champions League draw rigged by Butragueño?
Anyone watching this game tonight? 1,900 People live here and Coach Ed Thomas managed to put 4 pros into the NFL: Casey Wiegmann; Brad Meester; Jared DeVries and Aaron Kampman
Terry Bowden back at home on sideline
WTF! Fisichella grabs SPA pole.
Top 5 NFL Holdouts
NHLPA Executive Director Paul Kelly Fired.
ESPN's 2009-2010 NCAA College Football bowl and title predictions
When Winning Isn't Everything
Crackback Fail
Mongolia celebrates ‘manly’ Olympics
Redskins’ Portis takes a swipe at Riggins - Not hard to be great when you’ve got that talent all around you.
Could Brandon Marshall end up on the Jets?
Footballer has leg amputated after being struck by lightning
Mayweather, Golden Boy 'not worried' about UFC 103
Pinoy Basketball
Ridiculous Soccer Video; I thought you were supposed to kick the ball!
Broncos coach denies any Marshall trade talks
Premier League - Transfers: The best and worst
Poll Finds 40% of Sports Reporters Gamble on Sports
In some circles people think profootballtalk uses the same cliché too much
Adrian Beltre of the Seattle Mariners welcomed back from a stint on the DL with Tchaikovsky's The Nutcracker at his first at bat, courtesy of Ken Griffey Jr. You'll never guess what his injury was.
Top 10 NFL sibling combos
Report: Michigan Wolverines coach Rich Rodriguez tied to banned booster and is being sued for $3.9M for a real estate project.
Striker Steve Claridge is to come out of retirement at the age of 43 to help cash-strapped club Weymouth.
Ernie Harwell, baseball broadcasting hall of famer, announces he has incurable cancer - ESPN
DMB Is the Official ESPN Gameday Band
Buffalo latest to fire offensive coordinator ahead of season
Thoughts from the first night of football
 The Return of the Wolverines [impressive vid]
Big Ten Football Standings - Indiana is currently #1 and Michigan is currently #4.  One to a 6 point victory over Western KY, the other because of the alphabet.
5 Denver Broncos Who Should Be In The Hall of Fame 
Rest of Clemens' suit against McNamee dismissed - MLB - Yahoo! Sports
LeBron staying in Cleveland?
Every time a runner strikes the ground he or she applies 8 times their body weight to the joints. If you take a 150-pound person, each stride will impose a load of about 1,200 pounds to the body
I love when an over-hyped Big 12 team loses early on in the college FB season. Texas and Oklahoma are NOT championship teams. Best team in the Big 12 is Ok. State, as proven yesterday against Georgia. I can't wait for the Longhorns to lose.
Not sure whether to put this in sports or WTF? NFL's Merriman arrested, accused of choking Tila Tequila. W.T.F.
I want to enroll in to Greg Paulus University.
The Buffalo Fucking Bills. Will you ever stop disappointing me?
Ex-Notre Dame QB Kiel arrested at baseball stadium - College Football - Rivals.com
is it just me or is this miami-fsu game full of some pretty poor football?
Juan Manuel Marquez, who is boxing Floyd Mayweather on Sept. 19th, admits he drinks his own urine because that’s where a lot of proteins and vitamins are
I want to take my Grandfather (WWII Combat Veteran) to see his last Baseball game.
How many of you are going to your NFL opening game this week?
Jacksonville Jaguars' Maurice Jones-Drew says NFL shows favoritism.  
Apparently there was some sort of public outcry in Green Bay when Mayor Schmitt drafted Adrian Peterson first overall. All Day was quickly dealt. Here's the trade…
TMQ's annual all-haiku NFL predictions!  Sense of humor required.
The seven greatest stadium demolition videos
Why we love college football: A gallery of photos
Thompson to open Hall's doors for Jordan - Michael Jordan had his pick. Dean Smith. Phil Jackson. Maybe even his good friend Charles Barkley.
CELEBRITY MATH: Extreme Makeover: Holmes Edition 
Town of Red Meat and Tennis Raises Another Star
Penn State Clips: Penn State Clips: Blue White Roundtable for Syracuse
Kermit Washington reaches out to LeGarrette Blount
Lions locker room is displeased with Stafford starting
Live blog of court proceedings for the sale of the COYOTES
NFL.com to show blacked-out games free in local markets on delayed basis
BBC may show 2012 Olympics in 3D
Lou Gehrig was a Mama's Boy and Derek Jeter is a Bore. But that's how legends are made.
Air Jordan reaches new heights with place in Hall.  People might actually note the NBA has Hall of Fame now.
Derek Jeter has passed Lou Gehrig on the all-time Yankees hit list  
A few funny pictures from this season of college football.
Yet another blown opportunity by Tressel
Looks like Michael Vick will be playing sooner than we thought...
Aaron Rodgers goes deep to Greg Jennings with less than 2 minutes left to win.  (Rodgers does a Shōryū-ken to celebrate)
A day after Williams’ outburst at a line judge and just hours after the American issued a statement that didn’t once mention the word “sorry,” Clijsters proved that nice gals don’t always finish last and that champions don’t always come with a jagged edge.
Argentina set to join Tri-Nations (Rugby Union)
Bitter Jordan rambles on during Hall Of Fame speech
McNabb breaks rib in win over Panthers
The secret of success: Champions know that if you stop getting better you're going to get worse. Great article on the Federer-Nadal rivalry.
NFL.com Game Center for tonight's Bills @ Pats game with cool new 3D Drive chart. [interactive vis]
Bryon Russell to Jordan, I'll play his ass right now.
The Revolutionary Fosbury Flop
Best Roger Federer Shot Ever
Today is FJM day at Deadspin.  If you are a fan of baseball or just want to laugh your ass off, go there immediately.
Kanye Lets Michael Know What He Thinks About His Hall of Fame Induction Speech
The Tao of Serena Williams
Soccer Insider
 - MLS Will Take World Cup Break
Nothing better than listening to Ernie Harwell - you can almost smell the peanuts.
Forcier may be next freshman in Heisman debate.  Because he beat NDU who was 7-6 last year.  
 Corp ready to take back Trojans' controls
High-And-Mighty ESPN Should Take It Down A Notch
DLR Man Tip of the Week (9/17/09)- How to get your girl to watch football
A Virginia town has split along racial lines over a stiff jail sentence meted out to high school basketball star Allen Iverson (SI article from 1993)
Video of the infamous Piquet F1 crash. Note Piquet's 
practice run at the beginning as well as his 
extrememly guilty look following the race.
Video: Shaq, a Speedo and a cannonball 
is anyone else sick of espn insider? what can we do to fix this?
Jets talk themselves up
Any other live streaming sports sites like this?
NBA Referee Lockout Appears imminent and unavoidable. 
LeBron James to the Nets in 2010? They are moving to Brooklyn...
The hottest coach's daughters in pro sports history
The Mist's Katie Ryckman is the Singletary of Lingerie Football
Golf is tiring, according to golfers
Phil Kessel Traded to Leafs for 2010 1st and 2nd round picks, 2011 1st Round. (TSN's Dreger)
Player gets knocked out...and then his ambulance crashes
Why do so many NFL players go bankrupt? 
Kevin Mitchell- he was suspended for nine games after punching the opposing team's owner in the mouth during a brawl.
Nebraska kicks  5 FG.  They needed 6.  Lose to VaTech
Thoughts on the new AP poll?
For the record Miami jumped 11 and 9 places in the polls, respectively.  They were ranked 40th in the preseason.
Notre Dame's Golden Tate dives into the MSU band: A Music Video
Renault have been slapped with a two-year suspended disqualification for race-fixing at last year's Singapore GP.
Final Four Hosting Site Announced
Eight reasons to hate Notre Dame 
Andy Roddick does impressions of Becker, Federer and Agassi
My comfort with fighting shattered by bloody preseason bout. NHL. [VIDEO]
IRS Sticks Mayweather For His Papers
Athletes Can Play Through Those Injuries, Says Man Who Gets Sore From Sitting Too Long
Hitler Reacts To Virginia Tech Beating Nebraska
UFL hires Doug Flutie, Kordell Stewart as TV announcers
The persecution of Caster Semenya -- sport and intersex people's rights
Peter Gammons: Adding two more playoff spots would spice up baseball's final month
The Football Association has been strongly criticised by the government for failing to implement promised reforms, BBC Sport can reveal.Sports Minister Gerry Sutcliffe has written to the heads of the FA, Premier League and Football League, questioning their ability to work together.
Aks sports:  So if there was ever a tape of Michael Vick torturing and/or killing dogs where would he be now....
Wayne Gretzky resigns as Coyotes coach - His wife was betting otherwise.
Bears jumps 20 feet from stands to catch kick.  Gets interviewed.
Tenn. coach apologizes for KKK joke at fundraiser
Theo Fleury has been released by the Calgary Flames.
Kobe Named NBA Player of the Decade!
Evander Holyfield Robbed Blind in Switzerland Disgrace against Valuev last year.  VID
SEC Clue
List of College Football Stadiums by capacity. Top 3 from the Big 10.
How Michael Vick can be a teachable moment for parents and kids
15 teams relocated in new College Football Top 25
Why Brad Lidge Sucks
Millwall’s angry response at facing FA charges
Chicagoans for Rio 2016
Never too old to kick a ball around...even at 109 years-old!
“But he was not on the line of scrimmage, he was pursuing to the ball. The line­man just chopped him. Those are dangerous plays.”
The race for most strikeouts of the decade is on! Current leaders: Thome - 1,429; Dunn - 1,427; Cameron - 1,421
Steelers fall from 6 to 16; Bengals jump from 24 to 11; Rams still at 32
The first billion dollar athlete
Derek Anderson (11-19, 92 yds, 0 TD, 3 INT last week) to start for Browns on Sunday
Michael Jordan discusses the time he punched Steve Kerr in the face.  
NFL's Top 10 Return Men of the 90s
Amazing Arena Intro for Univ. of Alaska-Fairbanks Hockey -- Giant Polar Bears and Kenny Loggins
Nike denies signing Michael Vick to sponsorship pact - ESPN
Allen Iverson: Detroit Pistons 'lied' about coming off bench - ESPN
Premier League ready to take control as 'penniless' Pompey crash 
No Olympics for Chicago
Rio de Janeiro Wins Bid for 2016 Olympic Games
MLB attendance drops for second straight season - lowest since '03.
These sports fans really need to put a shirt on. Seriously. As in, like, NOW.
Kimbo Slice Got KTFO!
Tony La Russa Is Not Laughing At Your Satire -He sued twitter.
Are the Giants Getting a Bargain on Eli Manning? 
Tim Tebow Gets Cornholed &amp; Mike Vick don't kiss, Mike Vick just f@ck.  NSFW
The U
Free preview of NFL RedZone on Comcast today
Detroit Red Wings vs Washington Capitals Tickets
The first team to benefit from the new Twins Rule(where the tiebreaker game is hosted by the team that won the season series instead of a coin flip) is the Twins.
Detroit Lions rookie quarterback Matthew Stafford(notes) and receiver Calvin Johnson(notes) left during the fourth quarter of Sunday’s 48-24 loss to the Chicago Bears because of leg injuries.
 Miami Hurricanes highlights vs. Oklahoma (10.03.09)
Plaxico Burress gets a  leg up on protective custody from New York prison guards
Meyer: Tebow not cleared to practice, play vs. LSU - College Football - Rivals.com
I want the Crompton shield removed. -Why Tennessee needs a new quarterback.
Seem like the Patriots get a lot of game-changing penalties going their way?
McFadden's injury adds to Raiders offensive woes \
See what happens with too much Favre coverage?
6 Reasons Why The Clippers Will Matter This Year
Does anyone else think all the new sports stadiums look dull and ugly from the outside?
Dick Jauron, coach of the Buffalo Bills, has a 4% approval rating.
What would your 5 second baseball walk-up song be?
Ballboy, while juggling three footballs, almost outruns Chicago's Johnny Knox during Kick Off return. Someone should sign him.
Rush Limbaugh in Bid to Buy NFL’s St. Louis Rams
The 10 Least Intimidating NFL Team Names
Braylon Edwards Shipped Out of Cleveland
Rich Gannon: please show me a W or U in the word offense.  Now explain why you say ow-fence.
Jenna Jameson Causes Major UFC Controversy for Tito Ortiz
Ask Sports: I've liked Baseball for a long time but I've never played outside of a backyard or a park.  One thing I've always wondered is why do players throw the ball around after an out?
Dez Bryant ruled ineligible
UEFA head attacked by Israeli soccer hooligans at press conference
Top 10 MLB Plays of the 2009 Season (VIDEO)
Second Lakefront Marathon winner disqualified for iPod use \
Tour de France- 1992 PIC
Serena Williams gets naked for ESPN (semi-NSFW)
NFL television ratings booming: League drawing its highest average viewership since 1989.
Matt Holliday should have kept his eyes open.
NHL star Theo Fleury details two years of sexual abuse by his junior hockey coach, Graham James, in his new book, Playing With Fire.
TOP SOCCER WAGS
Celebrity Baseball Wives and Girlfriends - From Marilyn Monroe to Minka Kelly, the most famous females to snag a pro baseball player
Texas falls to third in AP poll
Haley, Romo old friends and admirers
LMK.com (aka Let Me Know) = great aggregator for College football stories right now. Solid articles, legit sources.  Spent all day Saturday refreshing
Best Nickname in Hockey
Packers put some much needed beef back on their Offensive line - Rodgers continues to pray he doesn't eat mouthfuls of turf in Week 6
Chicago Cubs file for bankruptcy protection
Sven-Goran Eriksson wields the axe as Notts County sack Ian McParland
: US player Davies: several broken bones in accident
Top 5 hits in Week 6 college football
Hard to ignore history and fully trust Bengals - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Bills fans rent billboard to display discontent
How Twitter Ends Our Hero Worship 
Fergie can now say we when referring to an NFL team.  You still can't.
Have you ever watched a game and said, Hey! He used to be on my team!
Raider's Hanson responds, offers to take lie detector test - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Baltimore Ravens' Ray Lewis fined for hit on Cincinnati Bengals' Chad Ochocinco - ESPN
Penn State Student Section rated the Best by ESPN the Magazine the magazine 
Top 10 reasons the Yankees will win the World Series
No matter how much he rants and raves, the commissioner and owners believe his history of ugly vitriol would be just too harmful to the NFL brand. You reap what you sow, and Rush Limbaugh has reaped a whirlwind.
Ghana defeats Brazil in U-20 World Cup Finals after a spectacular shootout.
T.J. Houshmandzadeh angry over catches with Seattle Seahawks - He's on pace for a 1000 yard year.
Seems the Jon Gruden rumors come around earlier every year - Dr. Saturday - NCAAF - Yahoo! Sports
I’ve got what it takes, vows Jenson Button
Only In America! Don King Wants To Promote MMA
Mike Tyson Says It Was A Pleasure To Have Known, Bitten Evander Holyfield
SEC officials lend helping hand to Gators | CollegeFootballTalk.com
Yankees outlast Angels in epic 13 inning game
Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson facing five-match ban
Can somebody please explain to me why the Steelers just got a first down when the ball was obviously spotted behind the post?
Saints: Hot knife; Giants: Butter.  Deadspin NFL Sunday wrap-up
Raiders overpower Eagles 13-9
Football Fans- I'm down with stopping cancer and all, however I've noticed an influx in fumbled balls from those who don't fumble and dropped balls from those who rarely drop a pass. Those damn new gloves have got to go.
Usain Bolt clean bowls West Indies captain Chris Gayle at charity cricket match... is there anything he can't do!? [video]
Fox's apology to Jessica Simpson and the NFL pregame show hierarchy 
Today in Sports History (Oct. 20, 1951): The Johnny Bright Incident
Classic local reaction to Jimmy's winning hit
Video: Crazy Jump Rope Halftime Show. Some serious skill there!
The top 10 BCS Championship matchups fans want to see
Searching For Jose Lima: Readers Lend A Hand - Melissa Lima - Deadspin
I've heard Rush Limbaugh express the full gamut of his emotional range: from hateful to very hateful. But I've never known him to be pathetic until yesterday.
Pop Warner Coach Tired Of Slacking Player, Takes It Out On Father's Face 
Drug bandits shoot down police helicopter in Rio.  Going to be very interesting to watch the ups and downs, the progress, between now and 2016
Steve Phillips admits to having affair with crazy 22-year-old
A fun way to look at a fantasy owner's nightmare: Running Back By Committee
Chuck Klosterman essay on football.  ...football is the most progressive game we have.
Steve Phillips's Mistress's LinkedIn Profile
Arkansas' newest tradition: Superimposing Houston Nutt
Weird betting patterns in Wozniacki match - Tennis authorities are looking into a WTA Tour match involving U.S. Open finalist Caroline Wozniacki that apparently sparked bettors to pile money on her opponent when she was on the verge of losing in straight sets.
Michael Jordan's son could cost school millions
Video: Basketball Player Punches Fan (a lesson in how to cut your career short...)
My dream match... and a prediction. Alabama v. Iowa in a bowl. 
No-Brainer For The NFL 
Fuentes saves best for last in Game 5
What should a good pair of goalkeeper gloves do?
Valentino Rossi: Mosaic portrait of the doctor
I told you it was rigged! 
The NBA's Most Overpaid Players
Crazy stat - The Toronto Maple Leafs have led a game for less than seven minutes this entire season - ( We're currently more than 3 weeks into the season )
Who could've guessed that letting a mafia-connected construction company build the ramps at Yankee Stadium would turn out to be a bad idea?
Derrick Rose is.....sexy!?!
Larry Johnson calls slams his coach, calls him a fag on twitter
Watch Manchester United vs Barnsley live streaming online coverage on ESPN TV |Carling Cup Live
The Sportsguy is a hoax!
Video: Mosquito makes mark on Mike Tirico's forehead for a full minute during Monday Night Football telecast
ESPN Poll: Which NBA team is the best entering the season?
I've never seen so many shitty teams in the nfl, the bottom eight teams only have 2 wins that aren't against themselves.
Manchester United fans run riot to take gloss off goal by Michael Owen
Ochocinco plans yet another name change next year
The 25 greatest college football traditions
Redskins find another way to alienate fan base by censoring signs.
Woman arrested for trying to trade sex for World Series tickets
Even British Able To See Holes In Buccaneers' Defense | The Onion
Bernie Ecclestone has confirmed there will be no British Grand Prix at Donington Park in 2010.
ghanian immigrant soccer player convicted of rape- accuser has no memory, no dna evidence
Hey guys, really want to enjoy the World Series this year? Do yourself a favor and use mute to block out Tim McCarver and Joe Buck. 
Ref excerpt doesn't read as tall tale for teams - The league’s biggest problem is that many of the most convinced conspiracy theorists are drawing league paychecks. And if they aren’t buying the NBA’s denial, why should anyone else?
Who is the best baseball player born on your birthday? (A calendar of the best players born on every day of the year)
The Onion: Even British Able To See Holes In Buccaneers' Defense
The 50 greatest college football stadiums
Posting this as a bitter Yankee Fan - Why Your Stadium Sucks: Yankee Stadium
Fatal Staples Center Collapse Brings Merciful Early End To Clippers Game | The Onion
1,000-day countdown to the start of the London 2012 Olympic Games starts today
The Redemption of Billy Cannon 
This rarely happens USC/Oregon is a 50/50 pick em according to fans.
MEB! Meb Keflezighi first American man to win NYC marathon since 1982
The Chicago Cubs are the first major league franchise to have an openly gay owner
Allowing McGwire back is a cardinal sin by Selig 
Heisman Contending DE Suh (Nebraska) takes out 3 cars to save a dog. . . Only problem, he'd been drinking and hes not 21 yet. [PDF of Police Report]
Ted Ginn
may not be such a bum after all.
Australia level series in Mohali
Does anyone else feel that Mike Helton (CEO of NASCAR) is ruining the sport, especially after this weekends rule changes at Talladega?
douchebag hates on the Florida Gators and thinks he's cool for it
Oregon may be the hottest team in the nation, but do they really deserve their billing?
When you can't dunk anymore, you've got to find some way to make it to the news
Sir Alex Ferguson fury at 'worst ever' refereeing decision, worst I have ever seen in my lifetime'
I don't want to die and then hear everybody say, 'Oh, there goes one of the best players ever.'  If you're going to give me props, just give them to me right now.”
Video: They just don't race like this anymore - Porsche 956 at Le Mans 
Pistol Pete - Do you remember? [Vid]
Yankees Parade 2009 - Canyon of Heroes
Anyone care to reconcile the difference in media attitudes towards McGwire vs. A-Rod/Pettitte for me?
Former USC basketball coach Tim Floyd attempts to break up a fight in a casino.  Worth it for the chair.
Indianapolis Colts CB Marlin Jackson to miss remainder of regular season
Top 10 Matt's In Football
China to auction Olympics condoms
Now THIS is how you make women's soccer exciting
Lebron considering moving to Los Angeles next season?
NBA Announces Dyslexic Heritage Month

At Least Three Injured In S.I. Ferry Terminal Brawls after Yankee Parade
Dirtiest player in women's collegiate soccer? Take the Elizabeth Lambert poll.
Year in and year out, the loyal Cleveland fans braved snowstorms to watch the mostly dismal Browns perform.  The next year, Modell moved his privately owned team to Baltimore.
Never tell this woman to make you a sammich
Jahvid Best goes down hard after some major air.  Let's hope he's ok...
John Terry's dad caught on tape selling cocaine in bar
Elizabeth Lambert - do NOT elbow her in the gut or try to pull her shorts down!  She doesn't mess around.
How to celebrate a goal when you have no fans
Elizabeth Lambert's video - nothing better than a good ole fashioned cat fight!
American in need of help for British Sports!
LSU: Numer 1 Defense!
10 Things from NFL Sunday Funday: Week 9
What would you like to do most as the next NFL Director of Fandemonium?
Champion crowned at World Series of Poker
Germany keeper dies in train accident
NFL Uniforms That Are an Absolute Kiss
Cheering for laundry
Karim Abdul Jabbar has leukemia.
NFL- 6.7 Yards per Carry this year.  2 fumbles total in 450+ career touches.  In HS, he was a 2 star recruit.
Political wonk Nate Silver of 538.com talks about his contribution to the new ESPN Soccer index
Ken Griffey Jr. is coming back to the Mariners in 2010 for one last hurrah
Video: Angry Hockey Coach Loses It &amp; Litters Ice With Equipment.
Soccer Power Index (SPI) by Nate Silver
Fergie needs to unleash Michael Owen a bit more perhaps! The English striker has scored 4 goals of his set 15 and only started 6 times out of 16 games this season. PATHETIC!
No.  Shannon Brown, last night, had the dunk of the year. [vid]
NFL's 10 Best Players On Bad Teams
Top Ten Hottest Celebrity Sports Fans
Can you say Cincinnatti jagoff? I knew you could...
Sports Reddit:  What's a good site to bet on nfl games?
I just read his book, and Agassi says he hated tennis. I can't wrap my brain around this.
Steve Nash Tells Ref to Get Some Glasses [w/Video]
#7 Georgia Tech clinches ACC Coastal Division title with a 49-10 rout of Duke.
Some of the most blatant football (soccer) fouls I've seen.
DAE Else Think The SEC On CBS Is The Best College Football Coverage?
Scobee's FG as time expires lifts Jags over Jets
Memphis Grizzlies continue to insist they have 5 players better than Alan Iverson (The Onion)
Rocco throws for five TDs as Mount Union rolls: 25 straight/  43 straight in the regular season.
German car giant Mercedes has bought the Brawn Formula 1 team in a move that is likely to see Jenson Button join McLaren as Lewis Hamilton's team-mate.
Highlights of the five great bad contracts in the NBA. 
Terry Bradshaw's bold prediction fail (VIDEO)
AL Rookie of the Year: Andrew Bailey from Oakland A's
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar has a rare form of leukemia
Native Americans' appeal to go unheard
Jenson Button agrees to join McLaren on three-year, £6m-a-year deal
Supreme Court lets Redskins victory against Native Americans stand. But that doesn't mean the Redskins name controversy is over yet. Lawyer has a way to bring case back to life.
Is there any real chance that the NCAA football championship system will be changed?
Bills Fire Coach Jauron
Billy Crystal: Dallas Cowboy for a day
Rex Ryan is Brought to Tears - What a Loser
Where’s the Heisman Love for Toby Gerhart?
Theo Fleury says he plans to file criminal charges against Graham James, the junior hockey coach he alleges sexually assaulted him as a teenager.
YouTube - Brah-dy Quinn's hit on Suggs
Yahia sends Algeria to World Cup
Commissioner To Reduce Number of Days Between Baseball Playoff Games
FIFA: Thierry Henry must be banned from joining his team for the World Cup tournament 2010. That'll stop that kind of cheating.
Powerpro 250 Sport Electric Golf Trolley End-of- Season-Sale
Sports Commercial Characters Through The Years
KKK Rallying at Ole Miss Football Game to Protest Fight Song
Manon Rhéaume... ...was the first and only woman to play in an NHL exhibition game.
Pssssst.  The NFL had a game tonight.  Miami won.
FYI:  UFC's Joe Lauzon on IAmA
The Greatest No-Hitter of All Time: Dock Ellis, June 12 1970
Elizabeth Lambert is a bitch apparently [video]
Top 10: Most Intimidating Stadiums
17 arrested in Europe over Match-fixing inquiry that probes 200 soccer games
No. 6 N. Carolina beats No. 15 Ohio St 77-73 - College Basketball - Rivals.com
Former Ireland Captain Roy Keane Gives His Views On The Handball In A Heated Press Conference
Rich Rodriguez, Please give the Michigan Wolverines Fans a Win over Ohio State | Pro Football Insight
Bill Simmons breaks down Belichick's 4th and 2.
50 Cent's posse tussles with Marv Albert
YTMND - Rickey Henderson
I'm no Pete Rose. - Michael Jordan.
Here's the well-cited story of the depth of Jordan's gambling issues.
Dixon's 4-yard TD gives UConn 33-30 win over ND in Double Chin OT
SI's MLB Least Valuable Players
Chiefs break home skid, swashbuckle past Steelers in OT 
Johnson wins 4th straight NASCAR championship
Are you happy when an opposing team member (especially a critical player) is injured?
Nate Robinson scores on his own basket (VIDEO)
Andre Agassi: An Autobiography with Insights into Professional Tennis - Associated Content - associatedcontent.com
Lula Seeks Brazil Soccer Game Versus a mixed team of Israel and Palestinians to help the peace process
Jets' Ryan 'disrespected' by Pats' late deep throw
Retired NHL greats return to ice to save local team, without pay.
Stefanie Spielman tribute during OSU/Michigan game VID
FA considers buying puppies, then putting them in a sack and throwing them in a river.
Watch Toronto Raptors vs Indiana Pacers Live Stream NBA  Video And Highlights On Pc
NBC picks Cardinals vs Vikings for Sunday Night Football bumps Patriots vs Dolphins
The 10 best NHL players of the last decade - Surprise at #1.
Official Rivalry Week thread! Post an Epic video clip from your teams rivalry history!
Georges Laraque slashes a player in the face then knees a player injuring him for several games within the course of about 10 seconds. VID
San Francisco 49ers tight end Vernon Davis stepped onto the ice and started moonwalking, fully confident he could conquer the sport of curling.
'One story suggests the moniker was born in 1899 (much earlier than the modern era) with Notre Dame leading Northwestern 5-0 at halftime of a game in Evanston, Illinois. The Wildcat fans began to chant, Kill the Fighting Irish, kill the Fighting Irish, as the second half opened. '
Pre-game tough guy Michael Shaw has rough day at the office last Saturday
Video: Drunken, tattooed Hipster Douchebags give their NFL picks for Week 12
 BG's Barnes out to grab NCAA record
Rogers throws 3 TDs in Packers 34-12 win vs. Lions - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Top 10 Weather Games in NFL History (with video).
Broncos turned it around!
Dominican Dracula Sammy Sosa Sued for $203,000
Tim Montgomery: ‘I had the best job in the world – now I’m in prison clearing leaves’ - Times Online
MBE for 1st woman rider to claim podium finish around the Isle of Man TT course
Sport Science The Happy Gilmore Swing
Bud's All-Star tie tops our non-steroid controversies of decade - Big League Stew - MLB 
James, Harris lift No. 19 Miami past USF, 31-10
Brodeur sets NHL record for minutes played 
Chris Redman FTW
Running the table: Larry Johnson tops 100 yards, leads Bengals over Browns
Derek Jeter to be named Sports Illustrated Sportsman of the Year award. 
Merril Hoge: Concussion Nearly Killed Me In Locker Room
Umpires are the lymphatic system of the baseball 
diamond
Derek Jeter is the 2009 Sportsman of the Year
Now I'm a huge Sports Fan, but is anyone else disturbed by the EIGHTEEN MILLION DOLLAR Charlie Weis Buyout?
Ochocinco went shopping on Black Friday
TBS dismisses Chip Caray from job as MLB play-by-play announcer
Irish fans need to face reality: It's not 1988 
On July 12, 1970, Dock Ellis pitched a no-hitter against the San Diego Padres while on LSD: I started having a crazy idea in the fourth inning that Richard Nixon was the home plate umpire...
Who's next? Breaking down the list of contenders for BCS openings
Top Ten Mike Tyson Moments
Jealous Hipster Douchebags Rejoice: The Unflappable Tom Brady Gets Flapped
Keith Ballard tomahawks his own goalie in the head.
Yanks Manager Joe Girardi teaches NY Jets QB Mark Sanchez how to slide
What's with Tom Brady's TB Hat? What a douche. I think I need to procure a CH hat.
Two years in a row Matt Schaub leaves feeling sick, better bring your pepto next time you go against manning, douche
Danny Green defeats Roy Jones Jr. with first round TKO [Video]
Castronovo: Tiger’s awesome — let’s leave it at that
TCU's coach admits most teams never have an opportunity to win a title, but still doesn't want a playoff
Bobby Bowden Retires
Ron Artest interview on: drinking at halftime, hype around Trevor Ariza, marijuana use, and wanting to fight Ben Wallace
Browns place Jamal Lewis on IR, a sad end to RB's career
Tide, Gators bring defense to a new level
Which wins Wednesday news battle: Tiger Woods admission or Obama Afghanistan policy?
Woods’ wife, Elin Nordegren, set to be the highest paid hooker in sports
The Onion: NASCAR Coach Reveals Winning Strategy: 'Drive Fast'
Report: Tiger Woods Paying Elin 'Seven Figures' To Stay
Oakland Raiders fans take their anger to the billboards 
White forced to create distance with friends - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Coach factory: Ohio makes, football takes.
14 of the last 18 teams to make it to the national championship game had head coaches with Ohio connections.
Playoffs vs Bowl games (US college football)-what do you think?
Mark Sanchez Sprains Knee, Canadian Healthcare System Performs Mandated Amputation
There's the team's best player, whose family has just been booted from their apartment. He prepared for Crenshaw by sleeping at another player's home on a clump of blankets. There's the tough lineman, whose father was recently murdered, whose mother was shot and paralyzed when he was just a baby.
The case for Toby Gerhart - Pac-10 Blog - ESPN (includes some useful stats)
Olympic Torch Relay heads to Vancouver [The Big Picture]
I just want to wish the Habs a Happy 100th Birthday! Merci Les Glorieux!
Cleveland Cavaliers forward LeBron James doesn't think women will be playing in the NBA in next decade - ESPN
The 10 Worst Teams in Sports History 
Pacquiao signs contract to fight Mayweather Jr. in March
Greg Oden probably out for another full season YET AGAIN!!
Holy shit, did anyone else see the ending of the Fresno St./Illinois game?
Texas is #2.  USC is out of Top 25 after loss to Arizona at home.
Gradkowski leads Oakland over Pittsburgh
How come everyone who plays boring ass Fantasy Football has never seen this video?
Trailblazers star Greg Oden out for the season... AGAIN! At the end of his first 3 years he will have played almost 1.
A Reader Wonders: Is Tiger a Douche? The Answer, unequivocally, is Yes.
Video: Rockets Broadcaster Matt Bullard Removes Headset, Yells at Refs 
Blood Equity: NFL Pro Football Players – Movie Night Preview
Jimmy Clausen says he'll enter 2010 NFL draft
New take on sports predictions
How to fix college football? Simple, boycott the BCS
Myth vs. reality: Defense in the Pac-10 - ESPN (OP's editorial note:  Gerhart for Heisman)
Tiger Woods' Wife Moves Out
What one man's version of an NCAA Football Playoff looks like...
Blood Equity
Florida's Tim Tebow is Heisman finalist for a record third time
SNL Tiger Woods Skit VIDEO 
Augustus Gloop.... somehow ended up as head coach of the Cleveland Browns, perhaps the most fucked franchise in all of sports right now.
The best of the decade in the NFL
What is Reddit's favorite NFL team? [poll]
Gatorade Announces Tiger Woods Drinks Powerade
U.S. House of Representatives readies for hearing on football playoff bill - ESPN
Greg Long wins the most recent Eddie Aikau Big-
Wave Surf Meet. The event is held only if waves are 
consistently around 40 feet. Here he is dropping in 
on one.
D-League team offers refunds for Michael Jordan-Bryon Russell 1-on-1 hoax - ESPN
Indianapolis Tennis Tournament a Victim of Bad Economy
Heisman history about to be made - Suh, who had 7 of his 23 TFLs and over 1/3rd his sacks in one game on national TV might scrounge a Heisman out of it.
Why do they give out the Heisman before the bowl game?
Friendly Texas-Nebraska Discussion Leads To Accidental Death
I was about to start watching college hoops in earnest.  Turned on UK vs. UCONN, but then heard Dick Vitale's voice.  No thanks.
Archie Manning would not root for the Saints, were they against the Colts in the Super Bowl. [No real surprise there, just an observation.]
“What’s his libego ultimately going to cost him?  $100 million? $200 million? More?”
Let's go be champions, boys!
The Fire Vinny Roundup 
Top 10 strange college nicknames and mascots
Woman Sues Ravens' Terrell Suggs for $70 Million
Fan votes: Best of the decade - 18-1 Patriots best team.  Tiger Woods best individual.
The History of the Highest Paid Player in Baseball
Atlanta Falcons DT arrested for felony possession of marijuana 
Tiger to take ‘indefinite’ leave from golf 
Dwight Howard Sues Mother of His Son for 9.2 Million Dollars 
Disgraced NBA ref spills the beans about how league uses 'superstar' calls, builds game around hyping stars
Corey Brewer Dunks On Derek Fisher (VIDEO)
As swimmer Marin Morrison and sailor Nick Scandone fought deadly diseases, they mustered all their strength and courage to fulfill a final dream: to compete in the Beijing Paralympics 
Mark Ingram shows his passion, faith in Heisman triumph
Saints 13-0, best record in franchise history!
Randy Moss struggles as Pats fans boo him, Panthers DBs question his effort - ESPN Boston
Here Comes Number 13
Look what happens when you bet against Bama....
DAE think the steroid policy for the NFL is mostly don't ask don't tell but doesn't really care?
John Lackey signs 5-years $85 million deal with...not the Angels
Ouch!
Ferrari happy for Michael Schumacher to join rivals
Dear NFL players, don't be a victim of the Chunky Soup Curse!
reddit, suggest a tennis racquet
ESPN 25 games of the decade:
A Canadian doctor who has treated golfer Tiger Woods and many other pro athletes is under a joint U.S.-Canadian investigation for possibly providing performance-enhancing drugs, a U.S. official said.
Something to make you mad...See how long it takes John Lackey (among others) to earn your wages.
AP editors vote Tiger Woods ‘athlete of the decade’
Tiger Woods named AP athlete of the decade
Better than the Chicago Bears...  I present to you The Sex Offender Shuffle.
Stupid Glenn Beck thinks N.F.L. is the same as the Australian Football League saying the league was mistreating its players by requiring them to wear helmets
Four workers at Fidelity Investments have been fired for playing fantasy football.
Ronaldinho is a Freak When it Comes to Juggling the Ball
Alabama lawyer motions to postpone murder trial so he can attend National Championship game, cites Roll Tide!! as grounds to move trial
Tiger Woods leave is definitely going to hit the entire golf industry’’
Vinny Cerrato resigns as VP of operations!
Buccaneers Beaten By Electric Football Team
The 100 Best Sports Photographs of 2009 from Boston.com - Part 2
Why I Stopped Watching Sports: I woke up one day not long ago (to a clock radio blaring WFAN) and found that I had a Google alert for Kevin Garnett knee, a subscription to Baseball Prospectus, and a genuine interest in the Twitter updates of Juan Pablo Montoya. 
We trusted Tiger without knowing him. So what's to keep us from getting burned again?
This guy is SERIOUS... he is all about endurance. He may not have won the Ironman, but he finished one in hawaii. He eats Gefilte fish as his main source of protein, they say its the new bacon.
Comeback 2.0 - Lance Armstrong.

This is a pretty cool book.  
I'm Sensing Hypocrisy: Tiger Woods Advice To Michael Vick In 2007
Tiger Woods voted PGA player of the year
For a struggling Patriots offense, Laurence Maroney has been a breath of fresh air
Flacco throws 4 TD passes; Ravens beat Bears 31-7 - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Cardinals score with 1:54 left to beat Lions 31-24 - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Roger Goodell will not fine Chad Ochocinco, Brandon Marshall for paying tribute to Chris Henry
Florida's James out for Sugar Bowl after surgery - College Football - Rivals.com
Yahoo! Sports College Bowl Pick'em - Bowl Cheat Sheet (The experts and users are already 1-2 in 3 games)
Holmgren to head Browns as team president next year. 
Martin Brodeur moves past Terry Sawchuk into first place on the NHL's all-time shutouts list.
The 10 biggest sports confessions of 2009
Serena Williams is Female Athlete of Year
Extreme arm wrestling. I feel more manly just writing this...
With one trick play, Redskins Coach Jim Zorn shows defiance - washingtonpost.com
Roy Halladay has pretty handwriting.  Takes out a full page to thank the fans of Toronto.
Cliff Lee on trade to Mariners: 'I was in disbelief'
Seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher is to return to Formula One next season to drive for Mercedes
Michael Schumacher on his return to F1 with Mercedes 
Roland has played in all 11 of Texas A&amp;M’s 29 regular-season games so far. Can anyone explain that sentence to me?
Can there be any debate that , as of this moment, Kobe is the best player in the NBA? Lebron arguments encouraged...
Childress lost control a long time ago - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Five figure prominently in tight MVP race - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Legendary D.C. Sportscaster George Michael Dies at 70 
Lester Rodney, Early Voice in Fight Againt Racism in Baseball, Dies at 98 - Obituary (Obit) - NYTimes.com
Eagles players honor Michael Vick with award for courage, who started the year serving time in prison for an act of extreme cowardice. 
USC RB McKnight rejoins team, not cleared to play - College Football - Rivals.com
Anyone watching Outside the Lines? They covered the Philly fans- Santa story that is always talked about....
The Minnesota media's stategy to help Mauer get signed is a good one: Free publicity for his agent Ron The Power of Nice Shapiro
Chargers secure 1st-round bye, beat Titans 42-17 - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
What happened to all the mods?  And more importantly do we even need mods for this subreddit at all?  Trolls and bad stories are downvoted and go away all by themselves.  Thank karma.
NFL Week 16 Picks
Baltimore Ravens Quarterback Joe Flacco Goes Skeet Shooting With Footballs
Chance NFL teams have of making the playoffs (and any other league for that matter)
Top 10 NBA Players Salaries 2009-2010 Season
It felt wrong. It was wrong. Colts get an F in history.
You know what's worse than not winning? Not trying. It flies in the face of everything we love about sports.
Clippers beat the Celtics with a buzzer beater by Baron Davis with 2 seconds to go! ! 
Gilbert Arenus Under Investigation for Gun Possesion
Nebraska defense and Ndamukong Suh meet their match ... at Seaworld? (Pic)
This is why Pats fans love Randy Moss
I Was There The best sports game you personally attended in the 00s (shamelessly stolen from Deadspin)
CBC Hockey Night in Canada's Moments Of The Decade 2000-2009 (HD) [vid]
Just got an email from Texas Tech that football coach Mike Leach has been suspended indefinitely.
Mike Leach Suspended by Texas Tech Over Complaint From Player (And Being a Pirate Obvs)
Text Advertising Fail [PIC]
Best known as an economist... Thomas Sowell... on Old Boxing Matches
The Year In... Horrific Sport Injuries (video gallery)
Tracy McGrady seeks trade from Rockets 
The 26th Annual Trite Trophy for Most Inane Cliche in Sports Journalism Goes To....
There's a bizarre chance that the four first-round playoff games could be rematches from Week 17.
Colts pres fails to make case for Sunday's lay down 
against the Jets (PFT)
Mike Leach's Tips on Dating (sorry for the quality)
Top 10 hockey saves of the decade (look at number 1!)
Top 100 Dunks of All-Time (2009)
I can't believe they fired Mike Leach!
Pain the price willingly paid in NFL
Glocks At Dawn.  Gilbert Arenas And Teammate In 
Gun Standoff - Deadspin
Calgary restaurant owner furious at Oilers over unpaid tab
NFL Week 17: AFC Picks 
NFL Week 17:  NFC Picks 
If you are not sure about spending all your time golfing, you could always consider a golf holiday consisting of a mini-tournament. 
the two people in sports that have the squeaky clean images.. tiger woods and peyton manning.. both of whom are more alike than people realize.. Im just saying.. peytons dirt will come out some day as well.. just like tiger.. 
UFC 108 Rashad Evans Post-Fight Presser
Houston Texans beat the Patriots 34-27, capping the first winning season in team history
Redskins Coach Jim Zorn to Be Fired After Final Game, AP Says 
Brit Hume: Convert, Tiger!
Redskins fire Zorn after 2 seasons
Buffalo Bills fire entire coaching staff.
Parson's buzzer beater to win the game for Florida.  
Alabama Disrespected?
Adam James Favorite T-Shirt
The St. Louis Rams had a fan appreciation day and some of the players on IR were signing things. I think Gary Gibson (DT) didn't sign his name.
Tiger Woods Vanity Fair cover story  - I have my doubts he's going to be very happy about it. 
Angels Broadcaster Rory Markas Passes Away - Age 54
Chris Johnson vs. Usain Bolt is not happening
I knew I was keeping all those tickets around for a reason.  Now I just have to figure out a way to make this not look like scrapbooking.
NFL Power Rankings heading into the playoffs
Does anyone else hate Fox's coverage of BCS games?
AP Comeback Player of the Year: Tom Brady
Andy Roddick Overshadowed By Koala Sex (VIDEO)
Could this be what happened? Elin Nordegren hit her husband with a golf club - leaving Woods with a deep cut on the cheek and two missing front teeth 
Vegas Baby!
Reports surface that Tiger's wife knocked out two of his front teeth with a 9-iron
Ex-NFL receiver Glenn arrested on car theft charge 
Bill Belichick blames Wes Welker's injury on the poor quality of Reliant Stadium grass, sparking war of words between the two organizations
Joshua Cribbs says he's done in Cleveland
If you turned off the national championship game....turn it back on!
NBA censors Getty Images photos of Gilbert Arenas shooting his teammates with his fingers as if they were guns
BCS Streaker Pics = EWWWW
SI's NFL playoff picks. With the playoffs clear now who ya got in the Super Bowl?
South Florida fired football coach Jim Leavitt after a school investigation concluded he grabbed one of his players by the throat, slapped him in the face and then lied about it.
Machine gun attack on Togo's soccer team's bus ahead of the Africa Cup of Nations, at least 4 dead, 2 are players
Dear Mom:
Hipster douchebags play Madden football, communicate with Jesus, and the winners of the this year's playoff games are revealed
#4, #5, and #10 all lose.  Ladies and Gentlemen, College Basketball is getting good.
Dallas wins it's first postseason game in 13 seasons.
Chris Berman is doing commercials for Applebee's and Nutrisystem. Anyone else see something inherently wrong with this?
DeShawn Stevenson pays tribute to Gilbert Arenas before Wizards game
What in the name of Woody Hayes is going on? Coach apologizes for popping player on arm! Are we becoming a society of weenies?
Who would you guys like to see play in the Super Bowl this season? I've chosen the Jets vs the Cardinals.
So not only did the refs not call helmet to helmet on Rodgers, they didn't call face masking on the fumble either [sorry for shitty pic, took it with my phone]
J.R. Smith of the Nuggets makes decently funny mistake.
Who are your favorite sports columnists?
The 2009 Moral Victory National Championship
Dakar Rally 2010 - The Big Picture
home field advantage = letting a fan shine a laser pointer into the eyes of the visiting goalie the entire game
McGwire admits using steroids in 1998
McGwire tells the world what we already knew
Shocking revelation: McGwire used steroids
Mark McGwire admits to steroid use to break home run record  -Sports Illustrated
McGwire Admits That He Used Steroids. Just in time for HOF ballots. Way to go champ!
Mark McGwire finally admits using steroids when he broke homerun record
Mark McGwire comes clean, admits steroids use - ESPN
Tarkanian best summed up the NCAA's approach to justice 14 years ago, after a package from the Kentucky basketball office to the father of a recruit popped open and $10,000 fell out. 'The NCAA is so mad at Kentucky that it's going to put Cleveland State on probation for three more years.' 
Jack Del Rio, USC Working on a Contract Already
Blast from the Past - McGwire uses substance banned in the NFL (original 1998 CNN/SI report)
Fantasy Football Off-Season Guide: How to Spend Your Suddenly Free Sundays
Just how dumb does Mark McGwire think we are?
Need to get in shape for a 5K in April, HELP! 
Lane Kiffin Hired by USC (SMH)
One year in, Lane Kiffin ditches Tennessee for old flame USC - Dr. Saturday  - NCAAF Blog - Yahoo! Sports
Orgeron telling UT enrollees not to go to class, go to USC instead   
UT students riot over Kiffin's resignation- best compilation I have seen. (Crosspost from WTF)
Ken Burns to Update Award Winning Baseball Documentary Set Up Through 2009
And then, this afternoon my phone rang. “Hi, this is Mark McGwire.”
Lane Kiffin: a lightweight for USC's heavyweight program - latimes.com
Report: Ed Orgeron (New USC Assistant) Tells Players Not to Go to Class
Bernie Ecclestone wants to add shortcuts to F1 race tracks
Baseball is a mirror of American liberty and of the virtues necessary to sustain it.
Tiger Wood's new hero [pic]
Calgary Flames' Goaltender Miikka Kiprusoff Target of Fan's Laser Pointer
Orrin Hatch wants Boise State to visit White House with national champ Alabama
Matthew Costello, 14 years old and with an inoperable brain tumor, is calling plays for the Ravens
Study: The Nets blow
In the wake of a brazen but mysterious Philadelphia gunfight, Marvin Harrison,  the man who holds the NFL record for most receptions in a season may yet find himself with a permanent record of a different sort
Jack Clark: Steroid users 'fakes, phonies, creeps, cheaters'
Neil Peart records a ridiculously over-the-top rendition of The Hockey Theme for TSN
LT's electric glide on the Jimmy Fallon show. Is it the next Superbowl shuffle?
How good is life when 2 weeks ago you were playing for the D-League in IDAHO and last night you hit game-winning shot in national TV
This much will cost you to watch 2010 World Cup Football matches in South Africa !! Do you think if this is worth ?

The 10 Step Program for Improving Baseball
In Praise Of (Mostly) Vegan Diets By Rich Karlgaard - Forbes.com
According to WSJ - The time of ACTUAL play in a fooball game is only 11 minutes.
Trouble Sleeping? Just Watch Today's Playoff Games
Three (3x) missed field goals!  The Jets defeat the Chargers 17 - 14!
When NBA trades influence your Netflix Queue.
Chicago Bears' Gaines Adams dies at 26
Wade Phillips will be back next year.
Reggie Bush to propose to Kim Kardashian if the Saints win the Super Bowl
EXCLUSIVE: Tiger Woods Plans Return To Golf In Spring 
Ball boy's on-court accident delays match at Australian Open  - He Peed his pants
Did Mark McGwire Really Do Anything Wrong?
NBA Fan Pretty Sure He's Heard Of Guys In Dunk Contest
John Clayton's Top 10 QBs of all-time
Jets fan gets arrested for being a Jets fan.
A Basketball league for white Americans only?
Forget UFC, this is the ultimate fighting sport
In my short 26 years on this planet I have never enjoyed reading a sports journalist more then Bill Simmons...what about you?
The Lane Kiffin Sewage Center? - Tennessee to Rename a Waste Treatment Facility after the former SEC coach
To celebrate his ninth world championship, Ferrari let Valentino Rossi have a go in the F2008 Formula One car at Mugello. The result? A 1:21.9 time, just tenths of a second off Kimi Raikkonen's outright lap record.
Adolphus Busch slams Mark McGwire over steroids
Pangaea shifts for College Football in the new Decade: This is my favorite football forum for a reason
Why the world series of surfing is struggling to stay alive
Badge of honor [pic]
David Jacobs said he supplied Vick with steroids
Referee gives an unbelievable goal, German Bundesliga, Duisburg v  Frankfurt. 
Plano steroids dealer said he supplied NFL's Michael Vick
Anyone else hate that Fox's Football broadcast doesn't have timeouts on the scorebar?
A season of contrasts: Free agent treatment of LeBron James, Dwyane Wade couldn't be more different
Thank you for that information. - Comcast Support
sAints are going to the Superbowl.  Beat the Vikings in OT.
Attention Saints fans.
Here's a picture of what Brad Childress really did to console himself after the devastating loss yesterday... 
Seeing is Disbelieving: A great op-ed in the New York Times by former pro ballplayer Doug Glanville
Sports Guru Takes Aim At The New York Mets
Paraguayan Cabanas critical after shooting in Mexico City
Researchers at Brown University make shocking discovery on how to catch a flyball: Keep your eye on it.
New England Patriots QB Tom Brady says he won't need surgery - ESPN Boston
World #2, Rafael Nadal, suffers injuries and withdraws from Australian Open.
In October was in a car crash that tore the car in half. He suffered a broken right femur and tibia, a broken left elbow, facial fractures and a lacerated bladder. They said he would need 6-12 months just to heal, before training could begin. Today he is jogging and working on agility drills.
You can party at Chad Ochocinco's house for only $250!
If you enjoy sports knowledge and maps, you will enjoy Bill's Sports Maps
23 in a row!  Roger Federer reaches the Australian Open semifinals, his 23rd Slam consecutive semifinal, with a come from behind win over Nikolay Davydenko, a streak that dates back to Wimbledon 2004!
Let's get a new logo!
Coin Toss Blunder: Ref calls the Jets the NY Giants at coin toss of the Jets Colts playoff game
Could the Tampa Bay Rays move to New Jersey?
Landon Donovan scores his first EPL goal!  (Link goes to Everton Gamecast)
NBA Suspends Arenas &amp;amp; Crittenton for Season
Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you your 2010 NBA All-Star reserves!
Disney's Smart Guy predicts this year's Superbowl, back in 1998
For Saints fans or anyone else interested in a great, fan-made, quality video highlighting our historic run towards greatness. VIDEO
Dock Ellis and the LSD No-No
Larry Jordan (Michael Jordan's Brother) Dunking (VIDEO)
Obama Administration May Take on the BCS.  Don't You Think There Are More Important Issues that Require Attention?
Kevin Durant Blocks Aaron Afflalo With Only 1 Shoe On 
Federer is leading by 2 sets; having a much easier match than expected. Can Murray come back in the match?
The Problem With Football.
Anyone know where I can stream the Pro Bowl online for free?
Flames, Rangers to announce Jokinen-Kotalik deal
Wow. In a world first, from March 12, YouTube is live streaming the Indian Premier League
This is my roommate crashing his mountain bike on a trail and separating his shoulder. [SFW]
EPL/SPL Transfer Rumors: Robbie Keane to Celtic?
Have a look at Ryan Miller's Team U.S.A. goalie mask - Fourth-Place Medal  - Olympics Blog - Yahoo! Sports
Twins reach agreement with Joe Mauer for 10-year contract extension
Guess the hat trick. Give me your guess Reddit.
Roger Federer cried at his wedding also...........
An Irishman's response to Thierry Henry's handball 
gets him a suspended sentence.  What a headline.
What are the most FAIL moments in recent sports memory?  The big one that comes to my mind is when the Bills tried to respond to the Music City Miracle by doing their own crazy kickoff return and utterly failed.
Perhaps the worst basketball possession of all time by any NBA All-Star
Jemele Hill is the worst ESPN blogger. Its not her views here, its her inability to draw proper parallels.
LEET is a fast paced team sport in which two teams of four active players each try to score points against one another by shooting the ball at a target located 15 feet high under organized rules.
(NFL) Harsh reality: Labor pains ahead
Superbowl bets.  Who ya got?
Caution skiiers/boarders: Look out for d-bags on the slopes.
Madden predicts Saints victory! Note Madden has been wrong only once since 2004..
if you aren't doing ESPN Streak for the Cash, you need to be!
The emotional story of Charlie's Saint House Bar
 The New Orleans Saints Super Bowl Drinking Game
Sports Illustrated Blasted For Featuring Lindsey Vonn In Sex Pose
John Terry Sacked as England Team Captain due to an affair, this may affect England's progress in 2010 World Cup Football
Peyton Manning is a genius. He's also a pain in the ass. - By Stefan Fatsis
Peyton Manning is a genius (and a huge pain in the ass).
Fascinating origins of 10 Olympic sports
Can anyone working at the Super Bowl halftime show help us redditors with the final bet? It's for entertainment educational purposes only.
2010 NBA Reddit Mock Draft
Manu Ginobili threads a cheeky through-the-legs pass to Dejuan Blair. [video]
Are you more excited for the Winter Olympics or the World Cup?
Vancouver 2010 Winter Olympic Games - begin this week!
A Tribute to the Bud Bowl
Best way I've found to watch football and internet
Photos of the first 43 Super-Bowl rings.
Bob Gainey to step down as GM of Montreal Canadiens - Staff reports - NHL - Sporting News
What are the odds that a given cow will make it to the Super Bowl?
Italy's Hottest Track Star
Super Bowl Average viewership hits a record breaking 106.5 million
No matter what you think of Brett Favre this shit is hilarious.
Pretty hilarious recap about the party in New Orleans last night...complete with pictures and video
What are some of the most obscure stats/facts you know?
Stephen A. Smith Is Back, And He Requires A Police Escort - Stephen A. Smith - Deadspin
Brewers set to erect Bud Selig statue outside stadium
If Team USA doesn't succeed at Winter Games, will it blame Canada?
Football Fans: What are you going to watch now that Football (American) is gone for the next several months?
Chris Berman could go all the way to DirectTV or the NFL Network when his ESPN contract expires? It's probably just a negotiating ploy, but it sure would be neat to see him exclusively on channels my TV doesn't have. 
What the Saints' ⚜ symbol means (and how to insert it in text!)
Vancouver's Games Will Be the Gayest Olympics Ever
Donte Stallworth to work out for the Lions on thursday
Inside story behind NCAA violations in Arizona basketball program 
Naught Jersey: New York Mets. IIRC this guy was a favorite among the players wives
New rules could make this Daytona 500 one to remember
The IOC put out a blogging guideline that states only journalists can act as journalists, while athletes and coaches cannot. Blogs are permitted, so long as they don't give newsy updates, such as injury reports or information about rivaling countries.
Top 50 MLB Prospects 2010 (list is out, and accompanying 50min video)
Muslim American Agrees To Buy The St. Louis Rams, Wingnuts Going Crazy Already
Let the Games begin!
Darryl Dawkins - who was drafted out of high school and went straight to the NBA
Olympic sliding track built for warp speed: The signature curve, appropriately, the unlucky 13th, is nicknamed 50-50 — the odds of escaping its icy clutches without accident.
Olympic luger dies during training run at Whistler
Olympic luger, 21, dies in Whistler training run. RIP
Olympic Luger dies after crash on track during practice run
Wade Phillips Doing the YMCA
ESPN asked what could be done to prevent this sort of thing happening again (referring to the luge guy dying).  Answer...
If you don't live on the East Coast, you don't get to watch the Winter Olympics live. Damn you, NBC!
Rogue wave injures 15 spectators at Mavericks surf competition in Half Moon Bay, California
President Reagan retelling his days as a sports broadcaster.
Has Daytona 500 gone to pothole? 
Reddit mentioned on Deadspin...
Who thinks Canada can be upset at the Olympics in men's hockey?
This is why they call it the skeleton.
Laid-Off Sportswriter receives $10,000 in reader donations to cover the Washington Nationals in Spring Training
Olympics Fashion Winner: The Norwegian Men's Curling Team
Shaq curates NYC art show
Young U.S. Participants in the 2010 Olympics
It's shaping up to be a Kobe-LeBron Final
These Pants Don’t Win Curling Matches
The Top 10 Worst Figure Skating Costumes
Clippers trade Marcus Camby to Blazers - NBA News
Darrell Green claims to have run a 4.43 40 on his 50th birthday
Do the Winter Olympics have a death wish? 
I just want to be sure that you guys know about this.
Idiot's Guide to the Boston Marathon - a classic column
Really, SI? Shove the bulge in our face why don't you...
Vancouver Olympic luge track: officials in the [involved] federations decided last year never to design such a fast track again
T-Mac reportedly going to Kings for Kevin Martin.  This should end well...
So, I was watching the Women's Downhill today...  I'm not entirely sure that women know how to ski.
With all the NBC outrage over the Olympics coverage, has anyone stepped up with an easy solution?
Celtics fan Jeremy Fry performs Living on a Prayer all over TD Banknorth Garden.
Naughty Jersey Thursday! Chicago Cubs. BANNED by Wrigley Field Security for making too many women weak in the knees!
And from that day forward, Kevin Millar was no longer bound by the rules of gravity
6 Sexiest Figure Skaters of the 2010 Winter Olympics
Experienced Olympic athlete had warned about Vancouver luge track in months before fatal accident. He was ignored. 
Did any else see Kelly Clark sing like a camel before her halfpipe run?
With the Knicks unloading yet another $7m in cap space today, and financially being able to sign two free agents to the max allowed, what are the chances that they get 2 of LeBron/Wade/Bosh/Joe Johnson
German Olympic luger breaks tooth on medal
Mainstream media keeps appologizing for NBC's ridiculously bad coverage, saying that NBC's only doing this to save money - what they aren't realizing is that right now, NBC HAS NO COMPETITION.  Everyone else is playing re-runs.  NBC would still win the ratings if they chose NOT to ruin the Olympics.
Last Olympics for NHL players?
Ultimate Fighting Championship executives say they'd support a move for mixed martial arts to become an Olympic sport. 
Am I wrong to think that a decent men's college hockey team could beat any of the women's teams in the Olympics?
the deceptive speed of figure skating
sportswear manufacturer Puma announced a handset tailored to youthful active lifestlye
Vancouver 2010, part 1 of 2 - The Big Picture
Tiger Woods' scripted apology was too awkward 
Mississippi football player Bennie F. Abram dies during a team workout - A University of Mississippi football player has died after collapsing during the first day of team workouts.
Roger Federer out of Dubai event with lung infection
Ovechkin Knocks the Mullet Off Jagr [VID]
Jeffries vs. Johnson fight in 1910 where Johnson became the first African American Heavy Weight Champ.
Woman dies after being hit by tire from NHRA crash
How (and Why) Athletes Go Broke
Recession or no recession, many NFL, NBA and Major League Baseball players have a penchant for losing most or all of their money. It doesn't matter how much they make. And the ways they blow it are strikingly similar
TOYOTA NASCAR: Hardware. Hard Won! (Kyle Busch: Champion 2009)
Question: Is this year's USA Men's Hockey team in some ways the professional parallel of the 1980 Olympic team?
Does Brandon Marshall want out of Denver because of the murder of good friend Darrent Williams?
Tiger's caddy says he'll club hecklers. 
The LaDainian Tomlinson era is over in San Diego.  Tomlinson was released by the Chargers today.  Wonder where he ends up?
Yankees go and get a Ho! No not one of Tiger's ladies but Chan Ho Park.  Yanks and Park agree to a 1 year deal.
Russia's Plushenko Awards Himself a Platinum Medal
Natural ability, unusual drive have propelled Del Mar’s Rachael Flatt to the Olympics
San Diego Chargers cut LaDainian Tomlinson - NFL News
Johnny Damon is a nice signing, but I prefer this new Brazilian
One of these things is not like the other [Scroll down...keep scrolling....]
Philadelphia Eagles Release RB Brian Westbrook...
Eagles cut Brian Westbrook
Rugby player becomes first athlete to receive a ban for a positive HGH test
Boone ends 12-year career in majors, joins ESPN - MLB - Yahoo! Sports
Remember that Speed Skater who asked the reporter if she was stupid? Yeah, he just forfeited a gold medal because he finished the event in the wrong lane.
Ovechkin's Hit on Jagr- GIF
First person to ever test positive for HGH is a rugby player - NFL now wants HGH blood testing
Fan Shakes His Moneymaker as Distraction [Video]
Let's get some baseball shit-talking started.
The Dutch speed skater who ripped on an NBC reporter, loses gold medal by disqualification
Remember the Dutch skater who went off on a reporter (be it justified or not) he got disqualified for a mistake that has never happened before in Olympics or Championship races - karma??
Does ESPN's Bill Simmons annoy anyone else?
Tonight, Canada faces Russia in Olympic hockey.  For Americans:  If you can face either team in the gold medal game, which team would you rather face and why?
Sven Kramer DQ'd and loses gold because of coaches mistake.  
It's a trap!
Oh Shit ________ goes down! Thereby affecting __________ who had to do the _________ event twice in a row! (Warning!: Olympic Spoilers Ahead)
ESPN suspends Tony Kornheiser for criticizing anchor's wardrobe - Y! Sports Blogs  - Yahoo! Sports
The Tampa Bay Lightning and the undercooked bean burrito. Naughty Jersey Thursday. 
Women's Hockey USA Vs. Canada
'Star Wars' character as Ole Miss' next mascot? 
Stephen Curry owning Birdman.
Purdue's #1 Seed now Up for Grabs
An amazing, untold story on the 1932 Bobsled 
Olympics Winners.  What a great story.
Weiner said Friday that it’s premature to discuss the possibility of HGH testing
Gatorade becomes third major sponsor to cut ties with Tiger Woods
Thanks NBC for saying you're going to show hockey and then don't.
My buddy is a minor league baseball player who got traded to Japan.  I made this for him.
Tyrus Thomas over Z-Bo HUGE!!!
How much help will winning the Olympic gold medal in hockey be for the San Jose Sharks, who have 5 Canadians on that national team?
Three boys played little league together. Then they all made it to the pros. Now they're all playing for the same team.
Texas Sportswriter Compares the Vancouver Olympics to the 1936 Berlin Games held by the Nazis
Stars sign Steve Ott to 4-Year $11.8M Extension
Mariners Say Goodbye to Their Weight Room 
Stunningly emotional video essay of the Olympics from a Canadian perspective.
SHOCKER: Iverson done for season
Anyone picking up MLB 10: The Show today?
Great tribute to Hank Gathers now that March Madness is about to start up
Pro Bowl again to be played before Super Bowl - ESPN
Russia Olympics chief resigns after Vancouver flop 
Memphis Grizzlies Games Now Come Equipped With Fan Trampoline Injuries
Reddit fantasy baseball?
Vancouver Winter Games wrap-up: Olympic joy, heroic Sid, drunken happy people, and those freaky Norwegians
Reddit: I Need An Acrostic For Tonight's Nets vs. Cavs Game.
Fantasy Baseball 1st Overall Pick
Tiger's Caddy Wishes He Had Gone For The Cockblock - Tiger Woods - Deadspin
Meet Your 14-Year-Old Nephew's New Favorite Hockey Player - Whimsy - Deadspin
Top 100 free agents - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Spend some money and you don't have to play by the rules.
Manny Pacquiao on Jimmy Kimmel Live Round 2!  
A Field Guide to Sports Egos - The 7 Stages of Sports Narcissism
Detroit Lions pick up a second solid D-lineman, Kyle Vanden Bosch from Titans
Stock car fans, come join us at /r/nascar. Haters, here's a thread to vent in.
Bill Simmons vs. Keith Olberman
A funny little story about Brandon Manumaleuna...
How the mighty have fallen.
Connecticut Huskies have won 70 straight games... 18 behind all-time mark.
Does Carl Edwards get suspended for the move at the end of the Atlanta race?
Brian Burke. The Man. The Legend. The Father.
NASCAR: Edwards sends Keselowski flying; was it intentional? - VIDEO of this one and the one previous between these two
Crosby gold medal stick treasure hunt now worth $10K - Puck Daddy - NHL Blog - Yahoo! Sports
Crosby's winning goal- explained step by step 
Any bocce players out there in redditland?  I played for the first time yesterday, and loved it!
A 2010 season pre-Brew
@TankJohnson99 Cinci we got a deal! Very greatfull to The Browns and all the Who Dey Nation!!! I'm Baaaaaaaack!!!! Now let's win some more
Craigslist Ad Solicits Babysitter For Oregon Football Team 
Kansas City Chiefs sign ex-New York Jets RB Thomas Jones to deal
Yankees Senior VP of Baseball Operations Charged With DUI
Carl Edwards gets three-race probation from NASCAR for his role in Brad Keselowski's flip at Atlanta
What do Scott Speed and R. Kelly have in common?
Does anyone know where I can download player-level NCAA basketball statistics?  
Chris Bosh Out For Season After Cutting Open Knee To See How It Works
Sample wonderlic test, like the ones given to prospective NFL players
Crosby's golden stick and glove finally recovered
Speculative 2011 #1 Overall NFL Draft Pick, Jake Locker 2010 High Light (the most impressive highlight is @2:30)
Yo /r/sports.  Every year I need to make about six different brackets to perform my bracketology science madness in order to win all the pools and all the babes.  What's the most efficient way to do this?  
Merlin Olsen, Pro Football Hall of Fame lineman, dies at 69 - ESPN Los Angeles
The Twins jersey the Minnesota Chapter of the People for the Ethical Treatment of Fattie didn't want you to see
Former NFL star, actor Merlin Olsen, member of the Fearsome Foursome, dies at 69 
Chad Ochocinco to star in reality dating show, anybody think this guy is annoying or really annoying?  
Club Trillion: Naming The Villain
I guess the Ivan Bros. wont be playing in the NCAA tourney.
Love the caption on this photo
Formula One 2010 season preview
Beckham to miss World Cup after injury
Craig James hired PR Firm Blogged Using 'Pseudonyms' to smear Mike Leach
Fitness Quest 10: Common Young Athlete Questions and Answers
Was there a PENALTY?
Manny Pacquiao Profiles: GQ.com
The broken bodies were draped at Campbell’s feet and he opted not to find fault in the perpetrators.
Tiger to return to golf at masters.  So soon?
Why is it called March Madness?
Question about playing hockey. How do I start playing?
Tyson is back......and he is racing pigeons!
Have you filled out your NIT bracket yet?
Update on UFC Champion Brock Lesnar ... Getting Into Politics?
The Ultimate Hollywood Hoops Team 
Seton Hall player punches Texas Tech player in the groin.  Not cool.
Rangers manager Ron Washington failed drug test for cocaine 
YouTube - Ovechkin Injures Brian Campbell and Gets Ejected
How Cute, He Throws Just Like A Real Quarterback! - Tim Tebow - Deadspin
3D Tour of College Basketball Tournament
Pretty fucking pathetic cbs
An open letter to Marquette
Why America never fell in love with soccer
CBS can be my wingman anytime
The Big East is the best conference in college basketball
Any spots left in any Reddit fantasy baseball leagues?
Don't buy a new slow pitch softball bat without reading this article! The Common Element
I'm looking for a video that's a We are the World type parody about traveling in the NBA. I think it's from the late '80s. Might have been on SNL.
University of Oregon's AD Mike Bellotti resigns, takes job at ESPN - reported by, who else, ESPN.
Oregon's Mike Bellotti resigns as AD; will join ESPN
Hey Sports reddit, how are your March Madness brackets going?
Northern Iowa upsets No.1 Kansas, 69-67, moves on to Sweet 16
Panthers knock off No. 1 Kansas 69-67 - College Basketball - Rivals.com
Tiger Woods' Interview-30 minutes from now.
Tiger Woods 'nervous' about reception at Masters 
Top 7 Least Productive Work Days of the Year
Video: Deron Williams is just loungin' - Ball Don't Lie - NBA Blog - Yahoo! Sports
Jose Canseco, Always Known For Attention To Privacy - Jose Canseco - Deadspin
PayScale Bracket - 2010 March Madness Predictions
BMX legend Dave Mirra hospitalized with bacterial meningitis
Great name for a baseball player...
The premise underlying his title defense in Atlantic City nine days ago was something along the lines of: the 26-year-old challenger Tyrell Biggs, an Olympic gold medalist in the superheavyweight division in 1984, deserved to be punished...
Mike Tyson - My whole life has been a waste - I've been a failure.
Washington Redskins sign Josh Bidwell, free agent punter
Marathon runners - Anyone planning on running both Chicago and NY this year?
Willie Mays-style catch from Ichiro
BWP Bats, a Boutique Bat Maker in Pennsylvania, Takes Its Swings 
NFL Makes the Right Call by Changing Playoff OT Rules
Cornell's Basketball Program... the polar opposite of Kentucky's
I'm just going to put this here - March Madness cheerleaders
Quincy Pondexter Makes the Most of His Four Years at Washington - One of the increasingly rare college basketball stars who doesn't see college as the NBA's minor league
Check out my point guard and let me know what you think.
Can someone explain why there is a lot of Tim Tebow hate?
The Detroit Lions Must Continue to Address Their Needs 
Urban Meyer, two weeks back into full time work, is really taking it easy... oh, wait a min..
Oh hey Vicente Padilla is still playing ... and has just been named the opening day starter for the Dodgers, WTF Joe Torre?
Freak injury time! Derrek Lee hurts back in chair collapse
Eagles want a top 42 pick for McNabb 
I Was There, Spring Break Edition: Breaking Stuff In Harold Reynolds's Hotel Room - Spring Broken - Deadspin
Florida Marlins More Popular Than Ever In Restrooms - Florida Marlins - Deadspin
Joe Buck Live cancelled. Somehow, the show only produced 3 episodes in almost 9-months.
Hmmm...K State to the Final Four, Kentucky to the title game, and that's about all I got left. We're all looking back at our brackets and welling up with the crushing failure of misplaced hope, right? 
Where should Donovan McNabb play next season?
Webcam showing the first game ever being played in the new Target Field in Minneapolis. UMN v Louisiana Tech
Sports announcing pet peeve:  The sum is more than the parts.  Um, no shit.
Soccer player's blooper-reel blunder
Gus Johnson Soundboard - Gus Johnson The Home Version
Steve Nash And Robin Lopez Star In Balls Talk - Phoenix Suns - Deadspin
Harold Reynolds Disputes Harold Reynolds Spring Break Story - Spring Broken - Deadspin
Jenson Button wins dramatic Australian Grand Prix 
Andy Roddick and Dwyane Wade Battle at HORSE, Tennis in Miami 
What is the world record for the most accurate NCAA tourney bracket picks?  Does anyone know?
Great story. Written about a year ago, but with Duke in the Final Four it's worth the long read.
The switch pitcher
Manchester United Vs Bayern Munchen 1-2 30-03-2010 All Goals and Highlights-- (The music is horrible.. I am sorry.)
Criminal Charges Against Steelers WR Santonio Holmes Dropped
An amazing catch! By who?
Who are the most disappointing professional athletes?
Baseball's Best Promotions of 2010 
Head-to-head mock: Bradford firm at No. 1 - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Unlike other NFL owners, Jerry Jones isn't limiting himself to football with Cowboys Stadium - ESPN Dallas
Roger Federer's game has issues after a horrendous flop at the Sony Ericsson Open - ESPN
Report: Mindy Lawton says others knew of Tiger Woods affair - ESPN
Oregon Attorney General Asks, You Paid Mike Bellotti How Much? - Oregon Ducks - Deadspin
Boo Sprints to sub-four second 40
SELF: I work on a corporate campus with more than 10,000 people.  I'm willing to bet none of the employees here have been arrested in the past month, and probably much longer, yet the NFL can't go five-days without an arrest.
Great article explaining the new Baseball stats (OPS, VORP, etc.)
Colt McCoy says, jokingly, Tim Tebow can walk on water.
Seagulls invade AT&amp;T Park [Giants vs A's]
Lakers sign Kobe to three-year extension
As a youth, he played in a league called the Fellowship of Afro-American Men. He was also known as the Jewish Jordan
What’s in a Nickname? The Origins of All 30 MLB Team Names
The characteristics often associated with a stereotypical Yankee are shrewdness, thrift, craftiness, rudeness, arrogance, and loudness. 
Stay classy, CBS. Hone in on an athlete who has just suffered an injury. What the fuck?
Beckett and the Sawx are ready. Should be a great opening day game.
UConn wins the UConn invitational is women's basketball
How Donovan McNabb strong-armed his way from Philly to DC
Look who it is...
McNabb will face the Eagles on Monday, October 26
What We Learned From the McNabb Trade
Bob Huggins consoles De'Sean Butler in front of millions after a knee injury (Video) 
George Bush's First pitch from a year ago Just got Booed.
Paul Millsap to be next 'Blind Side' origin story? Danny Trejo thinks so, and is funding the film
Chiefs, Inspired by ‘Slap Shot,’ Are Leaving Johnstown - NYTimes.com
ESPN adds key statistic to its baseball box scores: #P.
YouTube - Bryce Florie Vs Line Drive 2000
Duke haters, here's an article you'll have fun trashing.  Duke fans, I think you can relate to this.
The National Basketball Association fined Los Angeles Lakers coach Phil Jackson $35,000 on Monday for publicly criticizing game officials
For the first time in 78 games, the UConn girls do NOT win... by double digits.
Tiki Barber Pulls A Tom Brady On His Pregnant Wife
The Big Nowitzki
Looking for the Bright Side
NBA officials admit they missed call in OKC Thunder-Utah Jazz game Tuesday
The NY Yankees, whose value jumped 7% last year to $1.6 billion, top Forbes' list of most valuable baseball teams.
So much for the Masters protecting Tiger from heckling!
N.D. higher ed board retires Fighting Sioux nickname, logo
Dude who talks about sports for a living races NFL dudes. 
Insightful, six-page article on Alexander Ovechkin
Hey hockey fans: at 3PM ET, Philly and NYRangers will battle for the last playoff spot in the East.
NHL fight: Dude gets knocked out cold.
Tiger was [in trouble] and somehow he managed to 69 out of all of this. - Jim Nantz
SICK goal by Sedin Twins! SICK! [HD VID]
Oh man I have wanted to see this for SO LONG.. I just wish there were more fans there when it happened (vid)
Sources: Pittsburgh Steelers trade Santonio Holmes to New York Jets for fifth-rounder - ESPN New York
Phil Mickelson needs to wear bigger shirts.
Van Gundy miffed by Howard getting no MVP love: LeBron will win the MVP every year until he retires... I don't even know if Michael Jordan was as hyped as he is...
I'm starting a sports blog, anyone think of a witty name? 
Phil Mickelson's win at The Masters will cost Golfsmith $1 Million in refunds
Is Tim Tebow the Tyler Hansbrough of college football?
The United Countries of Baseball [Graphic]
The 15 Fans at Every Sporting Event on Sports Pickle
The phrase Dead White Man Clothes is a common term in Uganda's marketplace. (Africa and NHL apparel)
Hudson hints at racism for blacks in free agency
It's the little things that make me happy.
Phil Mickelson: Your New, Women-Friendly, Morally Pristine Sportswriter Unicorn - Phil Mickelson - Deadspin
NHL Playoffs watching on the internet
Could Cancellara win the Tour de France?
Hey r/sports, is anyone interested in doing a NFL mock draft?
Tiger Woods’ plan to discredit Phil and Amy Mickelson unveiled!
Why are soccer players given oranges and cross country runners given bananas? What about other sports?
Indy 500: Tradition or Changing the format to help a struggling sport, what's more important?
Report: Tiger Woods' marriage to Elin Nordegren is 'over'
Durant edges out Lebron while becoming the NBA's youngest scoring champ at age 21
Congress attempting to ban smokeless tobacco in MLB
It's a proud day to be a marlin's fan.
Here it is.. The top 10 dunks of the regular season.
Dolphins trade Ginn to 49ers for 5th Round pick. Bust already?
Cardinals/Mets game currently in it's 19th inning!!!
Buddle scores 6 and 7th in Galaxy win
Sport Science: Lebron James' Chase Down Block
Huge Brawl breaks out at the end of last night's MMA event on CBS
Craig Anderson: 51/51 saves.  The best performance I've ever seen by a goaltender in the playoffs
A friend found this in a bar in Aus, poor losers doesn't 
even come close
Cameron Is Hurtin' - 2nd Kidney Stone Ruled Out
Reddit, please help us name the new Omaha UFL team the Zombies!
Game 2: Utah wins in Denver 114 - 111 in a game of ridiculous officiating - 67 total fouls, 91 free throws.
Out with the old, in with the new: Jimbo Fisher wastes no time putting his stamp on the new FSU program
Eight games were played in the major leagues Monday night. Three of the venues being used announced all-time attendance lows.
Cincinnati SP Edinson Volquez becomes the first PED suspension of the year, and Wikipedia is all over it.
Andray Blatche; The Triple-Double Whore
Defense getting more stacked - Jets sign six-time Pro-Bowler Jason Taylor
Pittsburgh Steelers acquire quarterback Byron Leftwich from Tampa Bay Buccaneers
AP source: Jets, Jason Taylor agree to deal - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Steelers reacquire QB Byron Leftwich - Ben is likely gettin' suspended
Celtics burn Heat, even without Garnett
Former IOC president Samaranch dies at 89 - 2010 Olympics - Yahoo! Sports
NYJ Sign OLB Jason Taylor to a 2 Year 13mil Contract. Big D Just Got Bigger.
Ben Roethlisberger to get 4-6 game ban
Sport Science: Tim Tebow's new throwing motion
Lawrence Frank doesn't give a fuck that the cameras are on
Joakim Noah's NBA Vacation Guide - SportsNation - ESPN
Final 2010 NFL Mock Drafts!  Post yours here!
Oklahoma City Thunder's Scott Brooks named NBA coach of year 
This video makes me wish the World Cup started tomorrow
Stan Van Gundy whines yet again, this time about playoff scheduling
NBA.com blunder makes me laugh.
This 3 yr old takes over 300 shots a day
Baseball the corporate way
 Suspension Gets Goodell’s Point Across to N.F.L. Rookies 
With the first pick in the 2010 NFL draft, The St. Louis Rams select...Quarterback Sam Bradford
Laker Fans: admit you want the Thunder to win some games because this series is so tight.
What do 2 gay bears and the world series have in common?
Check out the Madden 11 Wii cover
Dallas Braden is very protective of his workspace
Long-Standing, League-Wide Practical Joke Culminates In Sam Bradford Not Being Picked In NFL Draft
Anyone found any NFL draft day 2 mocks?
The real reason the Broncos traded Brandon Marshall, was so Tim Tebow could get #15.
Enjoy this awesome play.  Two Argentine soccer players simultaneously bicycle kick a gooooooooaaaaaaaal! (vid)
YouTube - Crosby History Will Be Made Parody
Ted Lilly doesn't care if you think he shouldn't steal bases while on rehab assignments
I've known about Mr. Irrelevant for years but TIL he is given a trophy mocking the Heisman, a vacation for him &amp; his family, and a roast
Ian Laperriere blocks a shot with his face.
Dave Kaplan of WGN radio takes on Alfonso Soriano's biggest and oldest fan - re-enacted with puppets
Nuggets' coach George Karl on what it's like to have to watch his team from afar (has been undergoing cancer treatment last half of season)
Canucks finish off the LA Kings.. eliminate them from the Playoffs
Pirates Pitcher Hit in Head by Line Drive
How do I get a job at ESPN?
Why Pete Rose Didn't Ruin Ray Fosse's Career 
National Football League: NFL Draft 2010 - LeGarrette Blount
No blount punch for Singletary or the 49'rs - LeGarrette Blount agrees with Tennessee Titans 
Howard signs five-year $125 million extension
Yankees Payroll/Revenue percentage At League Average
TIL the Dodgers-Giants rivalry is the longest-standing rivalry in U.S. professional sports, starting when they were the Brooklyn Bridegrooms and New York Gothams.
So I put together a sports website... your thoughts?
April 27: A day like no-no other (batters stay home)
Mel Kiper's 2011 Top 10 is out
The Lakers are coming at it.
Anyone else watching the Ricky Williams Run Ricky Run documentary on ESPN right now? He is such a cool and unique individual.
Just wanted to share my love for my AFL team, the Richmond Tigers.
Skip to bottom of link for a pretty detailed picture of a wet and possibly stormy Kentucky Derby.
Going in for the pick [pic]
LeBron puzzled by elbow injury - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
Mourinho's Celebration
Halak lifts Canadiens past Capitals 2-1 in Game 7 - NHL - Yahoo! Sports
Congatulations to our latest Olympic medalists!
The Ferrari F1 team wears an odd bar code logo design, which some people in the UK think is a sneaky way to get around the EU’s ban on tobacco sponsorships
Brett Favre to require surgery on ankle to play for Minnesota Vikings in 2010 - ESPN
That's gotta hurt: 1) find yourself described as world's worst tennis pro.  2) sue for libel 3) Judge tells you the description fits.  
Could Big Ten Expansion Create the First College Football Playoff?
So now Favre says that if he plays again, he'll have to get ankle surgery first. A simple prognosis, yet he manages to shit on both Vikings and Packers fans with it.
Mindy McCready's Forbidden, Goofy Love For Roger Clemens - Roger Clemens - Deadspin
Detroit Lions Linebacker Goes To Target, Loads Up On Jerky, Tampons, For Some Reason - Detroit Lions - Deadspin
Why are American sports dictated by and revolve around the commercials whereas anywhere else in the world, the sport is the focal point?
If I were in charge of selecting the first overall pick... well, let me just say this: Derp-dee-durr!!! [PIC]
Saints Vicodin Lawsuit: Sean Payton Accused Of Drug Cover-Up
Mickelson wins Quail Hollow Championship (minors not included)
LeBron James wins MVP award in landslide vote - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
Sports cartoonist Bill Gallo, on how his ill-fated mentor left him a hot tip for the Derby, and a job that launched his legendary career. This is great reading.
John Smoltz Attempting to Qualify For US Open
when did kobe come out?
Drew Brees hits a home run at the Heath Evans Softball Showdown (WARNING: shitty audio!)
Joe Montana can still throw a football over them mountains
Greinke's 0-19 pace highlights folly of keeping win/loss stats - Can a pitcher win the Cy Young Award without winning a game?
Do Redwing fans really believe there is a conspiracy against the wings?
Don't tase me bro, indeed.
Detroit Tigers' broadcasting legend Ernie Harwell dies at the age of 92.
And there's a souvenir for the lucky Tiger's fan in the sky! RIP Ernie Harwell
Best Receivers in N.F.L: The Top 10 List 
Baseball's Draft System is Badly Broken
Ben Roethlisberger acts like person with frontal lobe damage - David Epstein - SI.com
Hey NFL fans, they throw games in hockey, too- San Jose Sharks/Detroit Red Wings Box Score Thursday May 6, 2010 - Yahoo! Sports
Pro Football Hall of Famer Lawrence Taylor was charged Thursday with raping a 16-year-old...  
The All-Time Ridiculous Baseball Names All-Stars
Zack Greinke Takes the Loss in His First Career Perfect Game
Houston Texans' Brian Cushing suspended 4 games for steroids use
New world record attendance for a hockey match - 76,152 people watch Germany vs USA
Orlando goes up 3-0 on Atlanta, 105-75
Does anyone else think Paul Pierce looks like a lamb sometimes?
Where does everybody think T.O. will go?
A Perfect Game for Mother's Day
Vancouver's Sammy Salo Leaves Game 5 Win After Having a Ruptured Testicle
Not just for Baseball fans...Emotional pitcher throws rare perfect game (only 19 in history).  Touching story as well.
Cubs fans can forgive cocaine use - but not steroids?
Rajon Rondo hitting Anderson Varejao in the balls in game 4 of the NBA playoffs.
The Philadelphia Flyers are flopping around like a bunch of pussies.
Mariners look to Griffey to pinch hit, except he was sleeping in clubhouse...
Best of Premier League 2009/2010
S. Pasadena girl disqualified for wearing a string on her wrist.  Classiest coach of the year.
Permian HS Bball Star Actually a 22 Year Old Haitian Man
King who?  Celtics take the lead...the Cavs are going to blow another one.  
Man, 22, arrested for posing as a 16-year-old high school basketball player 
Pacquiao ready to fight Mayweather after vote win
Preakness weather forecast could be better than infield attendance expectation
Dear Pittsburgh: There's always the Pirates...Shit, Always the Steel.....Damn. 
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar: LeBron would have benefited from college
Montreal Canadiens Beat out the Penguins in Game 7 to Advance to the Eastern Conference Final
Habs oust the Pens in a 2nd upset!
Golf channel anchor mistakenly says Tiger has bulging dick
Hockey puns
Selig ignores pleas to move next year's MLB All-Star game
Fantasy Baseball addicts.....where do you get the best 'community-driven' advice?
Game 6 between the Celtics and Cavaliers.  Game Thread!
Celtics Defeat Cavs in 6!
Celtics Defeat Cavaliers In NBA Playoffs, LeBron James Speculation Begins » OTB Sports
Dear Nike:  Please make new panties for Rafa Nadal.  It's been five years now.  
Former NFL star, 69, dies of guilt.
ESPN draft expert Mel Kiper on Jamarcus Russell: 'The skill level that he has, it's certainly John Elway-like.'
Calipari coaching Kentucky 'next year'; until LeBron comes calling
How did the Blues never play in this jersey?!
Australia Stun Pakistan in World Twenty20 - Meet England in Final
Perfect Games Becoming More Common Than No-Hitters
Real Men Of Genius: AFC West Edition 
Report: LeBron-Calipari package deal floated
LeBron James' Mother of a Sex Scandal: Rumor has it that the Cleveland Cavaliers star's mom had an affair with his teammate Delonte West
Why did Lebron play so poorly in the Eastern Conference semi-finals? Rumor has it that the Cleveland Cavaliers star's mom had an affair with his teammate Delonte West
Shannon Brown has the greatest missed dunk of all time
Cleveland to LeBron James: Will cheesy T-Shirts and 80's cars keep you here?
LeBron helping out Kobe? WTF?
A Wizards fans reaction to the NBA Draft Lottery!
Do you agree or disagree with the draft lottery?
Kiffin makes $4 million annually, a figure comparable to the salaries of Texas' Mack Brown, Alabama's Nick Saban, Florida's Urban Meyer, LSU's Les Miles and Oklahoma's Bob Stoops.
2-year-old names some NFL teams with a little of trash talk...
Debating New York's 2014 Super Bowl bid
The great Muhammad
360 degree view of the demolition last month of the Cowboys' stadium - seen from cameras positioned inside.
Habs Beat Leighton for a thrilling 5-1 win over Flyers
Floyd Landis admits to doping, and accuses Lance Armstrong | Global News Hound
1.395 OPS and 23 HR's in 58 Junior College games for the #1 pick in the June draft. Not bad for a 17 year old!
Sports teams suck at managing their social media presence.  Here's how they can fix it.
The NBA is reviewing comments Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban made about LeBron James that could fall under the league's anti-tampering rules.

Nike's new and awesome Football Ad Write the Future [vid]
Crazy Basketball Shot
ALL HAIL FOOTBALL JESUS
Sitting here watching Magic/Celtics game 3
What NFL football team is the most popular on Reddit? Upvote your favorite
2010 NBA Playoffs... Someone Find Lois Lane, Superman is A.W.O.L. as Boston Rolls to 3-0 Series Lead
World Cup Bracket Predictor for Redditors... we're already at about 78 entries. Here's another chance to join.
Amar'e is the meaning of life -- Lakers at Suns WCF Game 3
Did Pete Carrol leave USC because of impending sanctions from the NCAA?
Chiefs importing women for road trips.
Speculation rampant in China regarding citizenship and potential height of Yao Ming's baby daughter.
California proposes ban on metal bats after High School kid injures skull
Super Bowl 48 to be held in NY/NJ
2014 Super Bowl: NY/NJ Wins Bid (bring your coats and mittens)
The Women of the 2010 Indianapolis 500 
Is it just me or does Rajon Rondo look like the kid from Hard Ball? [pic]
Venus Williams At The French Open....Oh La La [PHOTOS]
NCABB hit streak up to 49 games
Landis info may unlock how to beat bio passport 
Title IX not only encourages female athletes, it also covers up the black-eye UK's men's basketball team gives to the athletic department's GPA
It seems like Elmo was writing these keys to the match for the Sounders...
2010 NBA free agents: Dwyane Wade to discuss future with LeBron James, Joe Johnson - ESPN
Ghana star Essien to miss World Cup
Did top NBA free agents meet up?
LA Lakers take 3-2 series lead over Phoenix Suns
What happened to the Phillies bats?
Roy Halladay throws the 20th Perfect Game in MLB History: 11Ks 
Roy Halliday Pitches 20th Perfect Game In MLB History
The first ever cart-off home run...
Venus Williams Loses to Petrova at French Open - NYTimes.com
How do the sports stars of old compare to the ones that play today?
He can heal the sick. He can raise the dead. It's...Buster Posey!
Top-rated Stanley Cup Game 1 in 11 years 
Anybody else love Cheap Seats
NBC in Indianapolis has decided to show the Indy500 awards banquet instead of the Stanley Cup Finals. Any suggestions on how to watch Game 2?
Chris Pronger, on the other hand, is a terrible human being. (see Stealing pucks)
Shots Heard 'Round the World: MLB's 10 Most Memorable Home Runs
LeBron tapes sit-down interview with CNN's King
Don Lockerbie, the chief executive of the USA Cricket Association, has said the key to popularising the sport in the United States lies in more international cricket being played there. Who else is excited for Cricket coming to the US?
Fabian Cancellara (3-time Time Trial World Champion) accused of riding a motorbike
Team India will not take part in Asian Games - All India Today
Lakers paying for charges
Hey Reddit, Who of you is going to create a fantasy sports site that puts Yahoo and ESPN to shame?
LeBron aims to upstage NBA Finals - NBA - Yahoo! 
Sports
Ken Griffey Jr. Retiring from Baseball.  Details to Follow.
Ken Griffey Jr. retiring at age 40 - MLB - Yahoo! 
Sports
Michael Jordan Will Be On The Cover Of The NBA 2K11 Video Game
Dear MLB - Retract the Detroit Blown Call and give Gallaraga his Perfect Game ---&gt; Credibility!
Lakers or Celtics?
A Picture Is Worth A Perfect Game: Absolute Proof That Jim Joyce Was Wrong
Ken Griffey, Jr. Retires After 22 Years In Baseball
Armando Gallaraga’s Feat Even Rarer Than A Perfect Game » OTB Sports
Bud Selig: 'Last night's game should have ended differently'
Bud Selig Will Not Overturn Umpire’s Call In Blown Perfect Game
Now Everyone Knows Claude Giroux's Name
Tiger Woods golf swing in slow motion
Keith Olbermann: Historic precedent shows Galarraga should be awarded a perfect game
A Xenophobe's Guide to Hating All 31 U.S. World Cup Opponents
John Starks on Reggie Miller - Man, did dis dude just did dis?
John Wooden dies at 99;
James Milner takes the crossbar challenge to the next level
Boise State may be joining the Mountain West to help give the conference an automatic BCS bid. 
Rafael Nadal Beats Robin Söderling to Win French Open 2010
World Cup Referees are Athletes too?
Ray Allen's eight 3's sets record
HockeyFanLand! - Blog!
Glazer family, owners of Manchester United, Tampa Bay Buccaneers have $1.6B in debt
Nationals take Bryce Harper with #1 pick
Albert Pujols HR hits a kid in the chest
Aaron Rodgers rips Tony Kornheiser
Only idiots attempt to predict the World Cup
Big 12 Blew It by Eschewing Playoff
WTF ESPN, stop hatin' on Cleveland, Ohio is tired of it!
Rookie NFL player Golden Tate holds press conference after breaking into a donut shop at 3AM, claims he did it because the maple bars were irresistible (No this is not the Onion) 
Did you know that Soccer had it's era in America?
49'ers to move to Santa Clara?
Top DB recruit Demar Dorsey stripped of his hopes and dreams by the University of Michigan's Admissions Department, after he had received a letter of intent...Tough break for such a special kid
X-Ray of Pete Rose's Corked Bat
Big Ten officials continue to struggle with ability to count
Leafs are now the proud owners of title to being longest from last cup win.
We Are Number One! (pic)
Joe Cole has already signed a contract that will take him to Arsenal
Special Blackhawks shirt of the day
If We're Getting 1 Super Conference, Why Not Get 4 Or 5?
Thousands of fans gather in Wrigleyville to celebrate Cubs' 9-4 win over Milwaukee
Refs learn to identify English swear words to prepare for WC match.
Breaking News: Tom Izzo Informs Michigan State Players He Plans To Take Cavaliers Head Coaching Position
If the Mountain Wests ends up adding KU, KSU, Boise, and Houston, do they get the (about to be defunct) Big 12's automatic BCS invite?
Nervous Celtics Fan Thread
USC hit hard by NCAA sanctions -- Reggie Bush might lose his Heisman
KU'S AD, Lew Perkins, to resign
Pete Carroll's response to NCAA sanctions imposed on USC [video]
What are the cheapest sports to play?
The 5 least telegenic sports of all time
What do Glen Davis's lips taste like?
CBC is broadcasting all world cup games live, in decent quality.
Chicago Blackhawks win the Stanley Cup... locals celebrate by toilet-papering the coaches house. [w/ PICS]
NHL Stanley Cup Finals 2010 - Big Shots - Boston.com
How to tell when Nationals fans might be going a little overboard...
Reddit - How does this happen? Did they all submit at the exact same time?
2010 World Cup Teams To Watch
World Cup Opening: Why Soccer Is the Only Truly Global Game Vertical: International - The Daily Beast
I like the buzzing in the background of the world cup coverage.  It distracts me from the buzzing of my fan.
This is why we don't want Europeans to play football
I just wrote a small fifa 2010 bot for google talk/jabber, enjoy.
igcompany - ... and the quiet has covered South Africa again
Slovenia sneak win to go top
Texas' REAL Intentions for College Sports, Now with Photo Evidence (I swear it's not Photoshopped)
They'll Put a Spell on You: The Witchdoctors of African Football -SPIEGEL ONLINE - News - International
Question about stoppage time goals
Lots of new information about Green
Dana White: Chuck Liddell's UFC career is over
World Cup organiser considers vuvuzela ban after TV complaints 
Strasburg strikes out 8 in 5 1/3 innings
Is FedEx trying to bribe College Football?  Is this what college sports has come to?
Vince Young cited in alleged assault at strip club
Zenyatta runs record 17-0 at Hollywood Park
Germany show off their well oiled machine
Jim Joyce tops players' poll for best ump; Joe West 2nd to worst
Vuvuzela’s Ruining The World Cup ?
Zinedine Zidane Rips French Squad
Ever wonder what baseball managers are saying to umps? [VIDEO]
McDaniels says Orton is starter
The top 100 WAGs of Soccer [PICS]
Revis sends Jets message, sits out some plays
USA vs England in Legos
Wanna brag about your team's recent World Cup win? Of course you do! This is for you...
So how much do you think Portugal is paying Cote D'Ivoire players to stay off the field ?
Honda leads Japan to Victory 
Tom Izzo's indecision explained with thorough (and funny) offseason photo diary
World Cup spoilers - can they be avoided?
Steve Kerr out as Suns GM
Izzo rejects Cleveland chance to coach Cavs.
New name for college sports conference
Get Ready For Game 7 in NBA Finals, Bryant's Lakers Defeat Celtics, 89-67
Where is your shit talking now Mr. Scalabrine?!
Who's the most overrated hitter in the major leagues?
USA vs. England... in Lego!
Haynesworth = Douche?
Baseball commissioner Bud Selig announces Kansas City to host 2012 All-Star Game
Lego: USA vs England
What exactly is a TOOTBLAN - and why do the Cubs have so many?
Your chances of getting a hole in one? Not bad... if you play 35+ rounds of golf each year for the rest of your life!
Joe Namath from back in the day slamming some Seagrams
Rampage Jackson calls Machida boring and won't fight him
Canadiens deal goaltender Halak to Blues.
Americans Just Don't Get the Vuvuzela (Matchday Live! USA)
Ok, I ported 9jack9's /r/soccer unspoiler script to /r/sports. Tell me what you think.
Lakers Win! Ceremonial taxi cab is set on fire!
Tiger Woods' Mistress -- He's the Daddy
Tomorrow will be the battle of the population extremes in the world cup. Us-most(300mm). Slovenia-least (2mm).  Thought u guys should know this.
Violence in LA streets after Lakers' victory, despite heavy L.A.P.D. presence.
An Open Letter to Albert Haynesworth
Ron Artest Should Do EVERY Lakers Post Game Interview From Now On
This is why I will never watch the 'sport' of Soccer.  The players are the biggest pussies in the entire world of sports--CARD players have more balls than these shmucks.  It's almost as bad as all the BS at the end of Basketball games....
I propose an educational and non-bias discussion about the US vs Slovenia game...
Disallowed USA Goal A Joke - Refs SUCK
World Cup Ref's page shortly after the US Slovenia Match.
Dog-killer Michael Vick celebrating his birthday with big bash in Raleigh
Thanks Doc!
What Needs To Happen For The US Team To Advance
So my wife chose today to try to get me into soccer...
California thinks Kobe is the greatest Laker of all time. That is all.
Buzzzzzzzz! Florida Marlins bringing in World Cup sound
The only thing Bernard Berrian's ever caught was shit from me for his gay avatar, so he blocked me. 
Manute Bol dies after battle with disease
Vuvuzela are making their way to MLB
Racism alive and kicking on Australia's pitches
OU prevails over Gamecocks, Mother Nature
Five Infamous Reffing Blunders
“I don’t look at reputation or anything that has gone before,” De Bleeckere said. “I will watch the previous games of USA and Algeria to help me understand their tactics and work on my positioning. But I will watch ‘Gladiator’ first.”
Carolina Panther Steve Smith Breaks arm playing in a Flag Football Game!
Lady Gaga still welcome at Yankee Stadium after amusing clubhouse visit
Tebow and McDaniels - the bromance of a lifetime
2010 World Cup: Africa's turn or turning on Africa?
Nate Silver analyzes the World Cup knockout round 
scenarios
Pro-Bowl Wide Receiver Steve Smith Breaks His Arm Dominating a Rec Football League
Is Cheerleading a Sport?
Wifey Showdown: The WAGs of Wimbledon 2010... Who Ya Got???
France fiasco = poetic justice. Enough said.
I was 10 when that happened, and while I remember it, what I mostly remember is my Dad screaming in terror, “DO NOT LET MAGIC TOUCH THE BALL!” just before the Junior Hook
I don't know much about soccer (or football if you wish), even less about how the world cup works. One quick question though..
Marathon Wimbledon Match: Isner vs. Mahut
Isner is locked in a deathmatch at Wimbledon.  100 game fifth set?
YES australia!!!!!
In light of Landon Donovan's last-minute heroics, the resolute U.S. defense and the sheer will of 11 men to win a game and the hearts of a nation, grades mean nothing. But this is a report card, so here are the grades
Golfers. What about this guy's swing?
Longest professional tennis match EVER is still being played at Wimbledon - nearly 10 hours, 118 games and counting.
Wimbledon match undecided after 10 hours
Real-time reaction to Landon Donovan's goal in stoppage from Arkansas Jones
Hilarious Girls Basketball Dunk FAIL!
Wimbledon's 10+ hour tussle set for third day (longest singles match of all time)
Let's Talk About Fair Play
If your British like me you got to love this man
Italy vs. Slovakia
Bring LeBron to KC... but Kansas City doesn't even have an NBA franchise!
I get goosebumps for every celebration video... Tell me you reacted this way also?
Is John Wall The Savior Of DC Sports?
Michael Jordan says he would beat Kobe Bryant one on one!
Kobe Bryant really, really loves himself.
Worst flopper ever?
Even the French hate the French now
Soccer will have made it when we have announcers who do this. (click Start Listening)
Fans around the world react to Donovan's goal. My favorite comes at 3:25.
You know that cool Nike Ad, starring Homer Simpson and some of the world's best players? People are starting to ask if it was cursed?
Another great reaction montage of the US goal.  Now with epic movie music.
An IPL-style draft system for rugby? interesting idea, but not sure how workable it is really
The rest of the world reacts to Landon's goal.
Weezer USA Soccer Anthem
Reddit Standings World Cup Entry Form (Knockout Stage) : soccer
Chicago Cubs pitcher Carlos Zambrano had to be separated during argument with teammate Derrek Lee - ESPN Chicago
I don't have cable and am not able to watch the United States or any other teams in the World Cup. Are there sites where I can watch the games live?
Tambellini, Oilers at center of draft storm
Putting a Price Tag on LeBron James
The Art of Hating Kobe Bryant
Mark Buehrle's truck is to trucks what Ron Jeremy's dick is to dicks.
The New York Post hates soccer
Obama forced to deal with nation's issues on slow sports day 
Is it just me or is the American color commentator on ESPN (John Harkes) absolutely ridiculous?
Former WTA Tennis star Jennifer Capriati Hospitalized After Apparent Overdose
Researchers: Chris Henry had brain damage at the time of his death - ESPN
Why the Germans Moo at the England fans
South American redditors, who would you rather see in the World Cup finals: Brazil v. Argentina or Uruguay v. Paraguay?
Racquetball Reddit - Whether you've only played a few times or are a seasoned pro, come join us and talk about racquetball.
I want to know: who are you guys cheering for to win the world cup? I'm from Brazil so I'm biased. Who is the rest of the world cheering for?
Researchers: Chris Henry had brain damage at the time of his death
English fan ran onto the field during Germany-England match
Restaurant owner: Video shows Vick leaving three minutes before shooting  | ProFootballTalk.com
(poll)What team do you think will win the World Cup?
NBA Free Agency: Where They're Going and Why
The University of Kentucky and the NBA: The Strange Dynamic Developing
Simmons, Wilbon, Le Batard and Kornheiser: Roundtable discussion on NBA free agents [vid]
More holes being poked in Michael Vick's story
Steelers tackle Chris Scott expected to miss three months, Big Ben's Karma is kicking the steelers in the ass.  
Yankees fan takes a foul ball to the face
Remember that hot Paraguay fan?
NBA to charge for Summer League 2010
Manny Pacquiao, Floyd Mayweather to fight on Nov. 13 if Floyd Agrees To Final Terms - Let's Get It ON!
Ever since the United States was ousted from the World Cup, I've started feeling like this again:  (The Simpsons on soccer)
Knicks Fan Devours Mammoth LeBron MVP Sandwich, Becomes Hero of Fat Guys Everywhere
Managing in today's game one tall task
Koby Clemens goes homerless vs. dad in derby
TSN Coverage for NHL Free Agent day via justin.tv
2010 NBA free agents: New Jersey Nets brass in Ohio for courtship of LeBron James - ESPN New York
James Hears Nets’ and Knicks’ Pitches
WTF?: RoboCup Soccer? (video)
Hard-working Serena in Wimbledon final
Extra Eyes: Tech-Free Problem Solvers  (Matchday LIVE! USA)
MLB Baseball – Most Impressive Teams Of The First Half
Flyers add Meszaros from Bolts for pick - 2010 Offseason News
Gay to stay in Memphis
Five Canadian athletes you may not know
Utley to have surgery, could miss six weeks
Wisconsin Badgers – Can Badgers Derail Iowa Or Ohio State?
LeBron James Free Agency Explained By Bob Dylan's Hurricane
Pacquiao and Mayweather have agreed to terms on fight
LeBron James Facebook Feed
LeBron James' Dreadful Idea for a Basketball Super Team
Besides being a entertaining team sport, soccer provides a great way to get in shape. If you have trouble sticking to a dedicated exercise routine but enjoy the fellowship of team sports, soccer may be a good choice for you
Air Coryell Has Passed - Innovator/Founding Father of Current Pass-Happy NFL
Johnny Carson pitches to Roger Maris
Is Tiger Woods using performance enhancing drugs? Why else would he need to pay his ex-wife $750 million to keep quiet?
Biggest Shock of The World Cup – Brazil Out !!!!!


Rugby World Cup to vuvuzelas: Put a sock in it
British hopes for a Wimbledon winner dashed for another year as Nadal beats Murray in the semifinals in straight sets: 6-4, 7-6, 6-4
Kevin Durant on the verge of contract extension with OKC Thunder
UFC 116 Press Conference
The only thing I could think after Argentina lost... [pic]
Pollstalker -- free tool that lets you see how each person votes in college football and sports polls
What the hell is going on with this match? Two penalties back-to-back? Two extraordinary saves? Amazing.
The real reason Nelson Mandela got 27 years in prison
FIFA releases last 2000 World Cup tickets. The premier tickets only going for about $60 a pop, not too bad
Nadal wins 8th slam title
Sports fans of Reddit, please help this great injustice and vote Joey Votto in the final All Star ballot.
Colombian police seize World Cup replica made of cocaine - CNN.com
Cancer Story on SportsCenter July 4th, 2010.
Germany coach Jogi Loew feeling confident: Reveals tactics which could win the 2010 World Cup
Anglers hit deep water for big finale at Mississippi Deep Sea Fishing Rodeo
New Skimming Technology In Use In The Gulf
As James Decides His Future, Past Comments Provide Clues
Kovalchuk about to re-sign with New Jersey Devils
Boxing Gloves vs. MMA Gloves
Argentina assistant wants coach Maradona to stay
NFL Preseason – 5 Tips To Make The Preseason Profitable
World Cup 2010 – Top Five “Bad Goal” Calls In South Africa
This Gymnastics Freakout Is A Must See
Red Sox All-Stars for 2010
In honour of the greatest heavyweight of them all...RIP Bob Probert
U.S. Open headlines waiting to be written
Biggest Floppers : Soccer players vs Basketball players.
Other books like Moneyball?
3 Horse Betting Tips
OTL: Purple Drank - ESPN Video 
LeBron James (@KingJames) on Twitter!!! It's about to get interesting
Uruguay lost (3-2), but standing with head held high is among the top four of the FIFA World Cup
If we have had this Referee Third Eye Watch, we would not have made so many miscarriage of justice in this year's world cup.
ESPN ranks sports franchises on the extent to which they repay their fans for their loyalty 
Brandon Marshall v. Five Year Old
An octopus that has a history of correctly predicting the results of major German international football matches [WTF]
HAHA Mr Potato-head himself Wayne Rooney has been voted the World's ugliest
Are Sports Boring? Arun Gupta Debates Dave Zirin
Kevin Durant and Oklahoma City Thunder agree to 5-year contract extension
YES! The Vuvuzela Will Blend [VIDEO]
Spain goes through to the World Cup final.... Damn! Paul the Octopus was right again
Bosh to Join Wade, Shifting N.B.A. Power to Miami
Profile: Staples Center
The Boozer era is over in Utah | The Salt Lake Tribune
The best free agent signs
Vick in confrontation, had to be restrained and put into a limo by friends minutes before shooting
LeBron sued by man claiming to be his father. Says he boned LeBron's mother when she was 15 and he was 29.
Video: Hockey equipment is indispensable for any hockey game, at the same time, Advanced equipment also enables players to play a good level, but do you know what kind of hockey equipment is advanced? How to test these hockey equipment by Professionals?
After the game... spain vs germany...
Williams powers to fourth Wimbledon title
All Hail The Holy Trinity - and the difference between Wade and Lebron
James 'leaning' toward Heat...
Big League Players Who Still Live With Mother
Biggest douche or douches biggest?
King James rules: ESPN Concedes revenue and Journalistic control for exclusive
Lebron Planning Vacation in Miami This Weekend....HMMMMM
Uruguay Germany – Germans Win Third Place For Second Straight World Cup
Someone knows something. Heat tickets sell out.
USC will not be ranked in Coache's Poll this year
It must be summer.  The Mavs sign another overrated center to a ridiculous contract.  Dirk is never winning a ring. :(
Lebron Lebron: Lebron Lebron Lebron Lebron Lebron Lebron 
Lebron James - Most Narcissistic Athlete ever?
Will the LeBron Era even begin?
Was Jordan never a free-agent? Why do I not remember anything like this for him?
Hey guys, we're seeing something unprecedented happening. The two best players in the NBA agree to join the same team in order to all-but guarantee a championship. Analysis Please! 
I hate sports, and I still hate Lebron for what he just did.
Report: Miami Heat ship Michael Beasley to Minnesota
LeBron James spurns New York Knicks, the King will join Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh with Miami Heat
Cavs owner says LeBron James quit in playoffs
Paul the octopus plumps for Spain
Alex Rodriguez propels Yankees by Mariners
That's one of the great ironies of this -- James is trying to flee pressure, but he will just face more of it. He is trying to maximize his brand, but he just damaged it.
Did Income Taxes Factor Into LeBron’s Decision?
The Yankees are about ready to grab Cliff Lee from the Mariners
Michael Jordan is speechless
Should Shaq take the minimum and sign with the Heat?
Stay Classy Tennessee Volunteer Football Team. I guess it takes 7-10 of you to beat up one dude. Who was he? Fucking Superman?
LeBron 'King' James picks Miami Heat, who sell out season tickets
Blame the Lakers for the NBA Apocalypse 
Lebron's fathead prices- Courtesy of Owner Dan Gilbert
History of Texas-Nebraska Football
MLB Power Rankings – American League East Continues To Rule
What Really Happened To Stuart Scott's Eye
Michael Jordan - Who is the best player between Kobe and Lebron?
Facebook rumoured to be new England sponsor
What will other superstars learn from Lebron's mistakes?
LeBron James is not a cocksucker
Michael Jordan answers Lebron vs Kobe, upvote to spread the word
Germany beat Uruguay to claim third spot.
DAE think that the recent plethora of perfect games/no-hitters is due to steroids being enforced a lot more, reducing hitting power?
Cincinnati Reds pitcher Travis Wood is currently perfect through 8 innings in a 0-0 baseball game
I think the Facebook Recommended Page algorithm is a Barcelona supporter
Are You a True Fan? You MUST read this then.
In three hours, Netherlands vs Spain
How can I watch the Ned Esp game live online???
Fan Runs Onto Field and Tries to Grab World Cup Trophy
Congrats to aol87 for winning the Reddit World Cup Fantasy Bracket
Girl is downright giddy (???) after elbow to face from Ichiro
Bob Sheppard, whose stylish, elegant stadium introductions of New York Yankees from Joltin' Joe to Derek Jeter spanned more than a half century and earned him the nickname “The Voice of God,” died Sunday. He was 99. 
World Cup Final: Nigel De Jong Vs Xabi Alonso Kung Fu Fighting (GIF)
Here is my new wallpaper (1680x1050) - a tribute to the World Cup Finals!
I'm looking for some tickets to the Penn State/Alabama game.  Any students out there with extra tickets?
Welcom to Akron.
OK, so the world cup is over.
5 Things to Expect from the Miami Heat this Season
NCAA reveals format of new 68-team tournament - ESPN
Zapatero celebrates [VID]
This picture of George Steinbrenner was taken earlier this year.
New subreddit for the rugby world cup 2011
Burger King James? The Mockery of All That Was The Decision
Guess how large the world's largest skateboard is. If you're like me, you're probably way off. God this looks like fun.
Some things to keep in mind during tonight's George Steinbrenner Memorial All-Star Game
Spain Finally wins - why it means so much to me..
What's the deal with the two whores standing in the box behind home plate at the All-Star game?
The Boss paid for nightschool and heart operations.  Maybe he was nice, too.

Iowa Hawkeye QB Ricky Stanzi loves him some Merica
Is there a Reddit Fantasy Football league? If not, is anyone interested?
Kobe Bryant Recruits Former Bitter Rival Raja Bell to Join the Lakers 
Sports Illustrated Swaps Steinbrenner for LeBron on iPad Edition Cover
NASCAR drivers, worthy of the title athlete?
r/sports, I cannot for the life of me find the book moneyball in pdf form and really want to read it. Can anyone help me out?
Silva completes switch to Man City
Age and Superbowl Quarterbacks: Brady, Manning window closing on opportunity for victory?
Dwyane Wade says LeBron James didn't quit on Cleveland Cavaliers in playoffs
Mark Renshaw is the first rider expelled from this year's Tour De France. Not for drugs, but for head-butting.
The NHL has finally figured out what's been missing for so long
Bill Lee speaks ill of the dead...
Hey, wanna play a quick 9?
Getting a draw on the last minute against a team whose supporters have been insulting you the entire game? Priceless
A Completely Thorough NBA Salary Cap FAQ
Steinbrenner's final salute to an old friend  
Bill Lee on George Steinbrenner's passing: If hell freezes over, he'll be skating.
Reddit Fantasy Football! [Repost, still need a few more]
Tim Bradley Goes to 26-0, Wants Manny Pacquiao, Devon Alexander
Thierry Henry gets defensive when Dan Patrick asks him about his handball against Ireland
NCAA Football - Fantasy Conference?
Report: Bob Sanders might never be able to play football again | ProFootballTalk.com
F1 Theme Park No More; What Would Your Rides Have Been? 
Any Cincinnati Reds fans out there?
How do other fans feel about the Texas Rangers this season?
Titans, Chris Johnson agree to a 2010 compromise
Paraguayan soccer player tries to strangle the referee for penalizing him [video]
I dare you to try and guess what tatoo LeBron James has down the side of his body.
Suns expected to name Babby next GM
Barclays Premier League table
Michael Jordan: 'No way' he would have made LeBron-type move
Lou Piniella Will Retire As Manager Of Cubs Following 2010 Season
FINALLY! Pat Haden to replace Mike Garrett as USC athletic director
Cubs pitcher (and former Notre Dame receiver) Jeff Samardzija could be thinking about football again
The summer of shame engulfing French football reached a new low today as two players were formally accused of soliciting an underage prostitute
Duke-UNC Rivalry Renewed:  Barnes and Irving are here to re-ignite the greatest rivalry is sports.
When I grow up I wanna be just like Colt McCoy...
Anyone else get a little teary eyed from the My Wish segments on SportsCenter?
The Warriors sign Jeremy Lin
Ralph Houk, Yankees manager, dies at 90.
Lance Armstrong hires criminal defense attorney
Beautiful Yankee Afternoon. 
Jimmy Johnson to Join Cast of Survivor? WTF
Sick of Brett Favre? So is his agent!
How many announcers would have jumbled this call by trying to make it all about themselves?
Another Nick Saban player lands on the NCAA's radar, cmon Alabama you guys just got done with penalites from the NCAA.  wtf
Sources: Allan Houston front-runner to be New York Knicks GM - ESPN New York
Joakim Noah Spotted In His Natural Habitat: Shopping For Bongs (MORE PHOTOS)
Miller takes blame for CBS brawl, Rogan won't let him - Cagewriter - UFC - Yahoo! Sports
Matt Barnes to Lakers
2009 NFL Sack leader Elvis Dumervil re-signs with the Broncos for 58.3 million, 6 years
Lane Kiffin still hates Tennessee
Alex “Hurricane” Higgins, the colourful two-times world snooker champion, has died at the age of 61 following a long battle with throat cancer.
Any interest in a reddit XBL NHL10 EASHL team?
ICAST 2010 Roundup
New rules force Man City to sell 12 players
What Yankee uniforms will most likely look like come season's end.
Formula One: Ferrari fined $100K for Fernando Alonso's pass of teammate Felipe Massa - ESPN
How would a NFL lock-out affect you?
Wouldn't that suck...
Cowboys' Bryant will catch passes, not carry pads
Nick Diaz responds to Mayhem Miller by You-tube Video.
Matt Garza Throws First No-Hitter in Rays History
A look at which players fared best against the NBAs best defenses
'Vuvuzela-maddened' man rams bar with car - News in English - ANSA.it
It’s time to bring the Tour de France to America
Report: Jack Tatum dies at 61 | ProFootballTalk.com
Maradona gets sacked because he's batshit crazy.
PAC-10 Unveils new logo
Reds offense explodes all over the Brewers face.  Reds win, 12-4. (With pic)
the LeBron James story that was removed from ESPN
Team USA cuts 4 for World Championships
Rugby Drinking Game
Well worth $100 million
Put yo name on it sports interview mashup.
BBC Sport - Athletics - Phillips Idowu wins European Athletics triple jump gold
Amare Stoudemire... is.. Jewish??
Haynesworth fails conditioning test again...no telling how long it will be before he joins team practices.
With the spelling bee and world series of poker being on ESPN, could this be on one day?
Is it time to give Johnny Damon his ovation?
How MLB handles the widening gap with the collective-bargaining agreement running out after the 2011 season will provide a fascinating
look inside a business’ problem that mirrors the country’s. 
Which FCS schools would wake good additions to the Big East football conference
I finished my 3 months, what now?
Bocce Ball awesomeness
A-Rod, can you do us all a favor and hit #600 already?
An infographic of every Ron Artest hairstyle from last season
I do not think he is going to win.
Over at the ESPN offices: Favre retiring? SHUT. DOWN. EVERYTHING.
Reports: Brett Favre tells Minnesota Vikings he will retire
Report: Heat to open at Celtics
I'm a Shaaaaark!!!
That Delonte West rumor may have legs..
To give you an idea of how long Brett Favre has been playing in the NFL, here is some randomness to wrap your head around: When he got drafted in 1991 by the Atlanta Falcons, cassette tapes were still out-selling compact discs. 
The Wildcat Formation
A professional angler found to have stuffed lead sinkers down the throats of fish he submitted for weigh-ins during a prestigious bass-fishing tournament has been banned for life from that and other competitions in a scandal that has rocked the tight-knit and passionate bass-fishing community.
Hilariously Gross Favre Story Surfacing soon. You'll never be able to think of Brett Favre without thinking about Crocs.
Brett Favre, Coming to a Circus Near You
reddit Cycling Jersey &amp; all-purpose Arm Warmers: The Online Store is OPEN!
Alex Rodriguez Hit His 600th Home Run. Why No One Cares. 
Great display of sportsmanship: Triathlete Kelly Williamson waited at the finish line for 3 minutes, so other competitors could get paid. Her big lead would have exempt them from getting paid because of a spread rule.
WTF FAVRE?
Australian Rules Football is not for the weak, the timid or the unhardened-steel-types. The shirtfront (slamming straight into the man going for the ball) is a legitimate play. No padding allowed. This is a collection of big footy bumps.
Madden 11 for free with a Sports Illustrated subscription.
Shaq challenged ESPN host Jim Rome to a boxing match via twitter. Rome said on his show Jim Rome Is Burning, that Boston would be making a bad decision by signing O'Neal.
Sports Hangover... anyone else have one?
This Sunday, Jerry Rice and Joe Montana will be re-united at the Pig-Skin Pro Am.
The Greatest Catch Ever? - ESPN Video - ESPN
Would like to get into fantasy sports...
Take that Jamaica!
Reddit College Pick'em?
Woods wilts again to leave Mickelson in prime position to become No. 1
Report: New Al Qaeda Leader Knows U.S. Well
Former WWE Diva Mickie James Bounces Back
Tiger Woods at his worst yet
Raiders sign former Redskins QB Colt Brennan
NBA may let Isiah Thomas keep both basketball jobs
High School Player Dominque Pointer nearly pulls off Vince-esque hurdle dunk in Nike Global Challange (still the sickest dunk I have seen in a long time)
Instant Classic: the Brett Favre See My Dong song [video]
Ramadan means no water during workouts for Husain Abdullah
Jeff Van Gundy predicts the Miami Heat will beat the Chicago Bulls' record of 72 wins -
Jeff Van Gundy predicts the Miami Heat MIGHT beat the Chicago Bulls' record of 72 wins.  What a cop out!
Any other sports fans get to the point where they realize that “Best Ever” conversations are a completely pointless waste of time and energy?
This man will not live this down...
Is he implying what I think he's implying? 
A Very Special Brett Favre Sexting Tribute - See My Dong
Tim Tebow Haircut: Where Does it Rank Among Sports' Worst 'Dos? | Bleacher Report
That's... kinda gay.
The NBA to Isiah Thomas: GO AWAY
Rory McIlroy knows what it will take to win the US PGA Championship
Liverpool have completed the signing of Christian Poulsen from Juventus for an initial £4.5million
Mets’ Closer Is Arrested in Assault After Loss
We wish the best for Phil Mickelson and his family
Dear r/sports, who are your favorite sports writers?
Miami Dolphins' Brandon Marshall says he'll play in NBA if there's NFL lockout in 2011
Does r/sports know about the greatest football analysts ever? (FootballOutsiders)
Will Allen Iverson Join the Miami Heat?
FanGraph of the Phillies 7 run comeback game.  Really illustrates back from the brink.
Jamie Carragher donates £10,000 to Andy Burnham’s campaign to become the next leader of the Labour party
Vikings get roster exemption for Percy Harvin | ProFootballTalk.com
Meet Ketaan Wyatt, the Best 3rd Grade Baller in Ohio
Spanish Inquisition: Barcelona Will Be Near Unstoppable If They Sign Javier Mascherano - Goal.com
Jonas Bros. SHUT OUT the ESPN team in softball, 3-0. 
An Emotional Karl Malone's Hall of Fame Speech
A sad goodbye to newspaper box scores
2010 NFL Rookie Preview
Horrific Crash in California 200 Kills 8
US professional wrestler Lance Cade dies aged 29 -US professional wrestler and former World Wrestling Entertainment star Lance Cade has been found dead at the age of 29. The cause of death was announced by Cade’s father as apparent heart failure.
A Brief History of Notorious Rules Infractions in Golf
Just another video of a police man chasing spectators on a baseball field.  Until the 40 second mark.  Hilarious.
Moch, one of Nevadas DE's ran a 4.08s 40-yd dash!
Scott Ruffcorn played in 30 games in his career. His team went 0-30 in those games.
49ers Sign RB Brian Westbrook; glad to see one of the good guys of the NFL got picked up somewhere
Mets Reportedly Looking For Ways To Void K-Rod Contract

Mets Reportedly Looking For Ways To Void K-Rod Contract – IndyPosted

Gary Busey plays a lawyer who’s trying to help Adrian Peterson collect on being a fantasy football stud. Seriously.
Gators cap costs Razorbacks correspondent her job - ajc
Vikings continue to panic/prostitute themselves to Favre
LeBron James can envision playing for the Cavaliers again
And, in a move that should surprise no one, Brett Farve is back in and is on a plane back to Minneapolis now, Jay Glazer (Fox) reports
Adrian Peterson, Gary Busey &amp; Shaq in a Vitamin Water Ad...Yeah...
Fantasy Sports: Email questions and have them answered by fantasy experts.
Kurt Warner's wife thinks the perfect actor to play the great QB in his biopic is..........Denzel Washington.
I need some Orlando Magic fans' perspective...
Why England cricket reports are always so negative…..
Why Boise State is lined up to play in the BCS Championship this year
Uggla or Pedroia?
Is Peyton Manning the Best Athlete Today? (my opinion, it's Kobe, but this articles makes a good case)
Detroit Pistons 10 best shooting guards of all-time
Brett Favre signs up for 20th NFL campaign 
Roger Clemens to be indicted for making false statements to Congress.  Karma's a bitch, ain't it?
Clemens indicted for perjury.  Roger, how could you?
Greg Jones is a beast
Could it be chemicals that made Clemens a great pitcher also made him a total idiot? 
Roger Clemens Indicted for Obstruction, Lying About Steroid Use
Why The Vikings Are Setting A Bad Precedent &amp; How The Me-First Philosophy Of Brett Favre Will Come Back To Bite Them
AskSports: Why is the US Congress always involved with Baseball, steroids and whatnot?
The LeBron James Is A Bitch Song...thought cleveland fans would enjoy
Feelen' It with AJ Feeley [vid]
Illegaly Parked Car Ruins Cyclist's Race
Utah State AD admits the Aggies had an invite from the Mountain West, but turned it down.  Now they are stuck in a league that doesn't have enough teams to even qualify for FBS (ie Division 1A) membership.
reddit fantasy owners: am i the only one with ray rice ranked higher than MJD?
Could the Mountain West Conference and Conference USA really merge for a BCS bid?
Hi /r/sports, I shot a video on Red Bull's 7-on-7 touch football tournament @ the Cotton Bowl with Martellus Bennett of the Cowboys explaining things.
The history of MMA and the UFC (Infographic)
If you thing Baseball fielders are impressive, well, you've been missing out...
Marquez Golaso for New York vs Toronto
Stafford gives Lions rare commodity: hope
Hey /r/sports, after a few years of neglecting the NFL because of school, I want back in. What's the best way to play catch up?
Where can i watch austalian football online?
Vin Scully on returning to the Dodgers for 62nd season: The love of the game still produces goose bumps. That might be my thermometer. Every time there's a good play... I [get] goose bumps like it was the first big league game I'd ever seen.
Most dominant individual performances in NFL
Looks like the first two Reddit Fantasy Football Leagues filled up quick, so I made a third.
The potential for the current Man City squad
Red Sox officially claim Johnny Damon. 
As Pujols closes in on 400 HRs, an appreciation column...
UFC 118 Preview:  The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly
Chad Ochocinco Cereal: Ochocincos
Statistically speaking, the Tampa Bay Rays are the most exciting team in the MLB
Out Of The Shadows - Crazy year in baseball with players that come out of no where.
Tennis chicks having fun with a soccer ball
The Beauty of the Power Game - Slow motion vids of some of the best female tennis players.
Golfer oversleeps, gets disqualified from Barclays tournament
Minor League Baseball - Why Royals Everett Teaford Needs to be Promoted  
Pep Guardiola speaks about Fabregas and thinks Pique is crazy.
How is this possible? Skier Greg Hill hikes 5500 vertical feet a day to reach 2 million a year.
Anyone else think it's funny to have an article about Sammy Sosa up on a site called the Bleacher report?
Portsmouth to be bought out by a 21 year-old
Baseball Power Rankings: Who has the edge as we head into the home stretch?
63 Year Old Munising Man Walks 425 Miles To Inspire Lions.
Why it pays to suck in MLB.
Fantasy advice: I have the first pick. Johnson, Peterson, or elsewhere?
Chris Bosh: We have the perfect balance. Dwyane is the perfect scorer. Lebron is the perfect all around player. I'm the perfect low post player. Together we can make this a really really good team.
Rodger Goodell: NFL eyes 2012 as an 18 game schedule
If only soccer could be as big in the states...
Strasburg out for this season and possibly next as well.
10 things I KNOW I think about fantasy football in 2010
My Wife Knows Everything out front. The Wife Doesn't Know around the outside. Of course they're 1 and 2.  
Sport and capitalism -- Would Gramsci go to the footy?
James Toney recently lost a bling-bling earring in a parking lot brawl in Detroit -- WTF?
Scouts Clock Cincinnati Red's Pitching Phenom, Aroldis Chapman, At 105mph
Carmelo puts a $5k hit out on pigeon-faced hip-hop groupie Kat Stacks over Twitter, then thinks about and deletes Twitter account.. 
REPOST from /r/videos: Hey REDDIT, my bro-in-law Todd is trying to win a spot on a reality TV show to be a NHRA driver, could use a hand getting some views on his audition tape! Thanks.
Oilers sign Gagner to 2-year deal
Pittsburgh Pirates highlight package covers the last 15 years. 
Say what you want about Manny, but there's not even a whiff of steroids in his background.
Worst high school football play ever.
What are some must know facts if you're going to call yourself a fan of a particular baseball team?
Mets' pitcher wants to be a ballboy at the US Open. Seriously.
Anyone catch the FIBA: Brazil vs. USA
Crazy Packers Fan is Hilarious [Vid]
orbitwheel - Why have I never seen this?
Did the 2010 college football season sneak up on anyone else? It kicks off Thursday! (Link is complete Week 1 schedule)
He is rounding first...headed for second...a good throw can beat the runner....
Only 2 days until the first College FB game! Which games are you stoked for this weekend?
Brandon Jennings loses bet, has to do Lady Gaga impression - VIDEO
Trick shot of the day
Mark Ingram Has Knee Surgery, Will Miss Season Opener
New documents show how Major League Baseball owners systematically defrauded the public out of billions to fund their stadiums--even as they raked in big profits.
Just got a MLB.TV subscription, and it wont let me watch the Jays VS Rays game
Sports-related concussions among young children has doubled in just a decade. Hockey and football are the chief culprits.
Bill Simmons: Daisy The Dooze, his golden retriever. This is a touching story, you guys. Please read it.
Reddit Fantasy League 2.1 people: The autopick draft has come and gone! Now begins the mad rush for unsigned hopefuls to compensate for bad luck. Thoughts?
Bare Knuckle fighter-Royce Gracie reflects on early UFC-repost from videos 
Bare Knuckle fighter-Royce Gracie reflects on early UFC-repost from videos
Sicknote, and this one is a real bummer for Wenger. Arsenal's injury issue with their main man up front Robin Van Persie
Note to self: Don't get in a fight with Gaby Sanchez
Rafael Benítez will be the tragedy for Nerazzurri, Inter Millan| 贝尼特斯将是国际米兰的悲剧
Not Classy San Diego: MLB Power Rankings
With college football coming up, I'm excited. However, the sheer amount of commercialized bowl games is eroding the value of appearing in a bowl game. Le sigh.
Roberto Carlos wonder goal no fluke, say physicists
Andy Roddick, why u so mad?
Chris Volstad shiner (Pitcher Nyjer Morgan Punched)
Former QB John Elway starts his pro golf career with a 72 at the Colorado Senior Open [x-post from r/golf]
As a buildup to the new college football season, I ranked my 15 favorite fight songs. How'd I do, /r/sports?
Formula 1 United States | Austin 2012 Course Proposal
Is this the most bad ass football uniform you have ever seen? Go Hokies!
NBA Player Da'Sean Butler tweets a made up children's story in 28 consecutive tweets.
NY Knicks owner James Dolan is in a band called JD and The Straight Shots.  |  It is exactly as funny and terrible as I expected it to be.  
World's First Double Backflip in a Wheelchair (video)
Check out Kovy training in Russia in the Devils get-up... 5pm deadline for deal today!
England 4 Bulgaria 0: why do they do this to us? Why can't they just be bad all the time?
It’s a hot night in New York. Fight night – at the US Open!
Bob Arum's son, John Arum found dead
Vergeer hasn’t lost a singles match since 2003—that’s 390 consecutive victories. 
Football Season Is Upon Us. The NBA Has Soured Me. | MostMost
Eye-hand coordination.
England need to get the countries pride back they can do this ,qualifier matches
Retired Coach Bobby Bowden says he's happy
Former Red Sox Pitcher Bill Lee (63 years old) notches Win for Brockton Rox
Want to know more about the horrid unis in the VT/Boise State game?
The NFL Hits The Oregon Trail
The Wounded Veteran that Became a Superbowl Hero
/r/cfb now has logos for your favorite college football team
Donovan McNabb says his sprained ankle won't keep him from throwing six balls in the dirt even though his receiver is wide open on Sunday against the Dallas Cowboys.
Football: The beautiful game. 
Football - The beautiful game, bringing the world together.
It's Not Always Sunny for Philadelphia and New York Sports Fans
The NFC west is probably one of the weakest conferences in the whole NFC
Moss and Brady, BFFs
Pens' Crosby belts homer at PNC Park
Final list of NFL Fantasy Football Sleepers. Who is the best breakout candidate this year?
breaking news if you're a fan of the Lakers or the show Basketball Wives
In honor of football kicking off in 6 hours I give you Drew Breeeeeeeeeeeeeeees pre-game chant from last year.
I need to bet this football season...
Sources: Bulls talk trade, Noah for Anthony
Brady OKs contract to become NFL's top paid player - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Six of the best overhead / scissor kick goals
I have no idea where else to ask this:
I just watched Marshall and WVA and I can't stop thinking What the fuck, that is all.
If I Were a Betting Man: This Weekend in Sports
Did religion affect Corey Pavin's Ryder Cup picks?
Miami Heat's Pat Riley takes shot at critics, longs for Heat to play - ESPN
England's goalkeeper screws up again in a similar way, while playing for his club team
Sports writers should bag the negative articles against those who determine their livelyhood.
After Durant’s Big Day, U.S. Will Play for Gold Against an Unfriendly Host
As a 49ers fan, I just have to say: I hate Alex Smith.
Fantasy Football Fail
This is what is was like to be behind the end-zone during the statue of liberty play.
NFL Videos: Oh no! He *Lett* it go
Bill James in defense of Barry Bonds, Roger Clemens... and Babe Ruth
Allen Iverson quit on two different teams last year, but his manager doesn't understand why no NBA team wants him.
The staff of the New Meadowlands Stadium converts the stadium from Giants to the Jets overnight [vid]
Kevin Durant wins the gold...Bill Simmons learns an important lesson.
Video: Tennessee Titans mascot 'eats' cheerleader
Hey reddit! Does anyone else feel like having 3 TV commentators for NFL games is unbearable?
Remember that Mexican sports reporter with the super tight pants?  She got harassed by the NY Jets.
Kansas City upsets San Diego at home!
Kansas City Chiefs win over the San Diego Chargers!
Bush's Heisman to Stay Vacated [video]
Any NASCAR Fans here? Anyone seen the 'Riding Shotgun' with Kyle Busch?
NY Times: Yankees Caps Are Popular Among Criminals
Gays and Lesbians Want Equal Time on the Kiss Cam in St. Louis 
Andy Roddick farting.
The New York times examines a link between Yankees clothing and criminal behavior
Yao Ming to be limited to 24 minutes a game next season. Has this ever been done before?
Football Practice Seen as a Starting Point to Reduce Head Injuries
All your Ace belong to us
Soccer vs hockey
Loved Cheap Seats? The Sklar Bros have a new weekly podcast - Sklarboro Country. It is fantastic.
CFL: Maybe the most brutal fumble you will ever see
Warren Sapp is a punk!
Dallas Stars goalie doesn't wear his Chuck Norris mask, it wears him
Teams are one by one decertifying the NFLPA - so they can sue the NFL
Shaquille O’Neal slams lawsuit that says he’s a hacker, bully
Yao Ming will play no more than 24 minutes a game this season
BREAKING: Troy Tulowitzki is a robot who will destroy all mankind.
Willie Monroe, Jr. has been ranked one of the top 10 amateur boxers in the nation. That brought him half way to his goal of being the first top 10 boxer with a top 10 single in the charts. The 23 year-old crooner breaks hearts with his voice as well as he breaks noses with his gloves.
Kick to head retires Cardinals backup catcher Jason LaRue
Cubs player impaled in chest by splintered bat, doesn't stop him from crossing home plate.
Trent Williams' Debut
New York Giants running back Brandon Jacobs(notes) threw his helmet 10 rows deep into the stands at Lucas Oil Field on Sunday night during his team's blowout loss to the Indianapolis Colts
Can someone explain to me why ESPN thinks the Devil Rays have a better chance than the Yankees of making the playoffs?
Cubs player impaled by bat.
[VID] - Broken Bat Shard Pierces Player's Chest. WTF
Ronnie O'Sullivan makes 147 but has to be convinced to complete break after 'only' making £4,000
Ohio University's Bobcat fails at attacking Brutus Buckeye [Crosspost from /r/Columbus]
Ron Artest is auctioning off his championship ring for mental health.
Is anyone else tired of the music ESPN plays in the break between commercials and the game?
Denver Broncos WR Kenny McKinley found dead at his home
The Commonwealth Games Federation demands immediate action from India to fix what it calls a seriously compromised athletes' village. New Zealand's team chief said the Games are at risk of being called off because of the ill-prepared state.
Chael Sonnen tests positive for PED on post-UFC 117 drug test
Braves LF Matt Diaz takes down a disruptive fan
Who deserves the AL Cy Young?
That was quick, Vick starting again.
Takes special talent for your BAC to exceed your batting average...
Whats your favorite sports talk radio show nationally and/or locally?
Drew Brees has officially become a one-man team.
Philadelphia Flyers players Chris Pronger and Daniel Briere [pic]
Mark Reynolds is the only batter to ever strike out 200+ times in one season. He has now done it 3 straight years.
This week in college football explained in graphs.
For those that are unaware, the best sports blog ever (Fire Joe Morgan) makes its return (again) on Deadspin today!
All Blacks Tricks at Training
I'm moving to Canada soon, please help me and make me understand hockey.
i like his writing, but he's got zero business being on TV
The full extent of the poor conditions at the Commonwealth Games athletes' village in India have been exposed in photographs seen by BBC Sport.
Cricket fans, can you explain to me this sport.
India's prime minister called a meeting with two ministers for Thursday evening as the country scrambles to pull together the problem-plagued Commonwealth Games.
Photographs expose athletes' village concerns at the Commonwealth Games athletes' village in India. So the Delhi government's chief minister has personally taken contr... wait what's her name o_0
Terrel Owens sounds like he would tap that.  In the White House no less...
12 Most Disruptive Players in the NFL
Japanese Teen schools North Korean Soccer Team
Fandom Overkill - Get your KC Chiefs subreddit username badge!
Performance Enhancing Drugs!
Please help Deadspin &amp; FJM raise money for cancer research 
Sources: Carmelo Anthony of Denver Nuggets part of four-team trade talks 
Commonwealth Games Site | Information of commonwealth games venues for 2010 commonwealth games.
Video:  Aroldis Chapman's 105mph fastball vs. the Padres last night.
Come on ESPN, let's at least pretend like they might not.
The MLB payroll/wins correlation in graphical form
Scarbinsky: Ingram at his best saves Alabama at its worst
There's no other way to say it: Mark Richt is in trouble at UGA | Mark Bradley
In response to the post about Auburn's Brian Maddox's jump kick, here's a play by the Detroit Lions' Billy Sims in 1983.
Another player comes out and says that Kansas City Chief Shaun Smith inappropriately grabbed his junk during Sunday's 31-10 loss. 
Strange but fun new Sport: Bottle Ball
This pretty much sums up the NY Giants season so far
Used putter bought for $39 won Jim Furyk $11.35 million at Tour Championship
Ken Burns Doubles Down on Baseball's Steroid Past.
I am atop the Waiver Wire List and need HELP!
Just a reminder of the greatest commercial series of all time.
Looks like the Sacramento Kings had a fun-filled media day
Green Bay Packers fans die on the inside during Monday night's game with a team total of 18 penalties
r/Sports, this is my favorite local Super-Fan, First Down Elvis. Who is yours?
Death to the BCS book comes out in two weeks. Here's an early review. 
Snoop Dogg wants to buy a sports team ... with Mark Zuckerberg
Joe Moglia - the man who gave up a job with Warren Buffett and Bill Gates to coach football
That's what you get for being a rookie
Tour de France winner Contador admits to failed drug test during Tour
Alberto Contador plans news conference to address reports of a positive drug test - ESPN
Money trail ties agent - ex-UNC coach - investigation finds - FIRST TIME a college coach on agent's payroll.  death penalty for program? 
Heat role players OK with attention going to LeBron James and Dwyane Wade 
Chiefs DE Shaun Smith accused of grabbing opponents genitals two weeks in a row... 
Oh, Kansas. You're Adorable.
Long Pong - seems fuuunnnnn
Doug Gottleib gets destroyed by Jim Mora over Mike Vick questioning.  Not sure which is a bigger douche.
I am sick of head-to-head leagues in Fantasy Football. Total points formats showcase the talents of owners far more than H2H setups do, because you have removed the potential for a lucky win or a fluky loss. 
Texans' Brian Cushing waiting to wreak havoc on field
Iranian women's rugby team take to the field wearing modesty-preserving headscarves and tracksuits
Someone worth watching on Saturday for college Football fans.
Why you should play fantasy football at work...
J.A. Adande with a measured analysis of LeBron's race remark
In case you forgot how dominant Shaq was when he came into the league
Anyone else in the US/world still up and watching the replay of the Aussie Rules Football Grand Final?
Anyone have experience with betting sites like Bodog, BetUS, etc?
To all you Okies out there....Boomer!
Sports Memorabilia: Putting Value on Nostalgia
Everyone knows how fast he is, and the way they will combat that is by trying to get in a break or at least getting their team-mates away in one. 
Does anybody else have trouble reading Rick Reilly's columns now that we know how annoying his voice is?
Michigan Defensive Backs Coach Tony Gibson Needs Shit Canned
Ron Artest knocks leagues' U.S. player limit
NFL Videos: WK 4 Can't-Miss Play: Scobee drills 59-yard game-winning field goal
Opening Ceremony, 2010 Commonwealth Games in New Delhi
Nine sacks on Cutler already. This is em-bear-assing.
Kansas City Chiefs may soon be the last undefeated team in the NFL this season.

Commonwealth Games 2010: Delhi Commonwealth Games begin

Team Europe wins 2010 Ryder Cup [x-post from r/golf]
The world's best portable Bike
ESPN to Launch “The Heat Index”
MLB question
wtf...MLB player out 4 months w/concussion, but everything fine with NFL players going out there
Europe Edges Out U.S. To Win Ryder Cup. Robert Siegel talks to NPR sports correspondent Tom Goldman about golf's Ryder Cup, which wrapped up on Monday. It came down to the last match -- but the European team held on for the victory, beating the Americans by just one point.
New England Patriots Set NFL Record by Scoring a TD 6 Different Ways
Can anyone help me find a stat about MNF kickoff returns?
Anyone else watch the 30 for 30 on ESPN? Four Days in October.
Is the NBA boring because of, what does reddit think?
Liverpool's board agreed to sell the debt-riddled English Premier League club to the owners of the Boston Red Sox.
Through four weeks, 2010 is the most-watched NFL season in history
Twins - Yankees Projection
My friend told me there were a total of 21K in today's Rangers-Rays game...
[PIC] Yahoo sports best guess at best Reds hitter after no hitter
Amazing Backheel goal
Roy Halladay of the Philadelphia Phillies has pitched the second postseason no-hitter in major league history
Can Somebody Say Something Bad About Roy Halladay?
Why LSU is destined to win the National Championship.
DAE hate PitchTrax and all other pitch-tracking graphics during baseball games?
Has cigar guy done an interview yet?
Can someone explain the cool new graphics that TBS was using for their production in yesterdays games?
Roy Halladay and Carlos Ruiz have a... tender moment.
New York Red Bulls Exclusive $15 tickets for this weekend's game!
Secretariat's 31 horse-length win at the 1973 Belmont Stakes
Hamilton promises to 'Never go slow' (Looks like he stuck to his word!)
Shaq wants to buy the world's smallest horse. No surprises here...
Guy bets $5 on a 15-team parlay for $100K and is a SF +3 win away from cashing in!
Bill Simmons-Randy Moss Trade was the right move.

An American in London, or how I fell in love with The Beautiful Game
Is anyone else watching the baseball game on mute?
Glen Coffee retired from football at age 23 to focus on ministry. He was just arrested for felony gun charges.
Chicago woman sues over backwards White Sox tattoo
Why the N.F.L. Is Investigating Brett Favre
Former attorney Clay Travis on the legal realities of the Favre-dong situation (required reading)
Michigan &amp; Michigan State Game.
Did a CBS announcer during the Bama game just say, the difference between 11 points and 12 points is two possessions and three possessions?
I live in Milwaukee and I'm looking forward to seeing the Bucks play this year.
San Diego Padres Hall of Famer Tony Gwynn diagnosed with cancer, blames 'dipping' of chewing tobacco
In case you haven't seen it, Grant Hill and Reggie Evans get ejected for fighting
October 10 - Wayne Gretzky makes his NHL Debut
Reddit, do you think the niners should have kicked the onside kick?
Whatever happened to dynasties? Undefeated teams? Parity in the NFL has reached a new low. These teams are a combined 75-75.
Dwight Howard and Slim Chin. Fast don't lie. WTF?
one of the worst corner kicks you'll ever see
Anybody up for a reddit fantasy basketball league?
Unbelievable Hockey Fight
Brett Favre wiki page immediately following Monday night's loss.. 
On the Cardinals and Max Hall's leadership
Creepy. ESPN producer fired after getting caught being a Peeping Tom.
Since Randy Moss was traded before the Patriots' bye and after the Vikings' bye, he's going to play 17 games. Will he get paid extra for that extra game?
With $5,000 on the line for their schools' athletic programs, a group of high school athletes take on Carlos Boozer in a game of H.O.R.S.E.
How Chris Bosh reacts to meeting the president of the United States of America...
[AskSports] Why are top college football players not automatically top NFL draft prospects?
Who is the biggest douche in MLB?
Paralyzed kid in a motorized scooter scores a touchdown
Gilbert Arenas is fast becoming the Iverson of the new generation
Supporters go so fucking crazy Italy v. Serbia soccer game is abandoned 6 minutes in
Bow down big sister!
Serbian hooligans succeed in getting Italy match called off
Rangers have a ginger ale shower to celebrate instead of champagne so Josh Hamilton (recovering addict) can partake.
The Man Who Gets Paid To Be LeBron James
SF Giants postseason theme: Calling the Four Giants from LoZ: Majora's Mask
And, here's how race-car fans fight.  [vid]
And Brett Farve's present for taking the Most Fumbles in NFL History record is...
I approve. It's a trap!
‘Death to the BCS:’ Nonsense rules
Can we creatively crowdsource me into a World Series game in Philadelphia for under $200?
Brazil-China 'friendly' ends in fight (basketball). 
Rainbow trout released around area: Fishing report
A new look leafs beat the Rangers in OT en route to a 4-0 start to their season
Anyone else watching the rangers collapse right now?
Dobbins air show 2010: Dobbins Air Show 2010 is one of the biggest air shows int he U.S | US Trends News and US Trending Topic
Did anyone know that Caltech had a basketball team?
I'd jump up and down like a little girl for you too, Con-Man.
Mississippi State upsets Florida 10-7!
Browne gasses; Kongo loses point and fights himself into a draw at UFC 120 - Cagewriter - UFC - Yahoo! Sports
I've heard a lot of definitions for sport, everything from 'anything that requires strategy' (chess), to 'athletic competitions that you aren't allowed to handle the object in play' (hockey, tennis). What do you think, Reddit?
Beatriz Recari took a bogey at the sixth but began a stellar run with a birdie at nine | US Trends News and US Trending Topic
Real. Uncomfortable. Jeans. -- Wrangler pulled all Favre commercials
Dunta Robinson : I accidentally DeSean Jackson's brains, is that bad?
Junior Seau is losing his shit 
Why is the NFL cracking down harder on Helmet-to-Helmet collisions? Just make players wear these again.
Former NFL star Junior Seau drives car off cliff, police say  
What is the appeal of pro sports? Why do people care so much?
NFL to begin suspending players for devastating hits.  My reaction to this decision is this.
Did you see the football game … Lingerie League football game? (video)
Read these quotes, then please join me in standing up and cheering for NFL VP of Football Operations Ray Anderson.
NASCAR: A First-Timer’s Experience
Probably the most mesmerizing sports-related video ever made.
Jeff Garcia Pisses In Hand Towels, And The Art Of Breaking Thumbs In The Loose-Ball Pile
UFC 121 preview and predictions! It's time for the most hyped heavy weight fight in history!
Whoa. Monday Night Baseball.
NBA bans its first pair of shoes due to 'unfair advantage'
one of the best NFL catches of all time
This is legit. Got me pumped up for basketball season! [VIDEO]
After making a comment last night about why it is incredibly miserable to be a Pirates fan, I have decided to say fuck it, and find a new team. Reddit, convince me to be a fan of your team.
What is your favorite sports video of all time? (30 seconds or less)
Jack Johnson.  The first African-American Heavyweight Champion of the World.  When he defended his title there were race riots in 50 US cities - on the 4th of July.
Simple Finance for Athletes 
Cross Country Championship FAIL
Cowboys must change status quo to recover from rough start
an unsightly development that has been brewing for years and now is threatening to boil over into a full-fledged pit-astrophe.
Helmet-to-helmet 10-pack | A great break down of what a defender can and cannot do
ESPN previews the NBA season using MARVEL COMIC COVERS! now thats HOT! the images are safer for work but the thread its from is not!
Lebron says get over it Article points out he is a Yankees and Cowboys fan. Talk about jumping on bandwagons.
Lakers gaurd Sasha Vuajacic to marry tennis player Maria Sharapova. Super athletic babies coming soon. 
Honest question...What is going on with Magic Johnson? He sold his share of the Lakers and now this.  I know he is a business man and made a huge shit ton of money through these sales, but this is shady.
Blackpool manager Ian Holloway on Wayne Rooney saga - brilliant!
College basketball may ban summer recruiting - NCAA Basketball 
Is anyone else interested in the different media perspective on the Artest Melee and the recent NHL Rick Rypien incident?
Not-So-Historic Moments in NFL Penis
Wow. The NFL is fining everyone. Check out this list of players that got fined today!
How Did the Giants Get This Far? They Broke All the Rules of Moneyball.
Big congrats to the ol school brotha Ron Washington.  That's the way baseball go.
Line at the Academy in Fort Worth after Texas Rangers reach first World Series
American Fran Crippen dies in open-water race
Where's a good place to watch online baseball streams for the NLCS finals?
I am looking so much forward for skiing! Only a few more weeks, but there is snow enough already! Endless winter coming up!
Favre admits leaving voicemails, denies photos. 
A World of reasons Rangers are in Series 
Officiating oddity helps Steelers beat Miami 23-22 
The Marvel Comics NBA Preview
Best touchdown dance ever from a d-lineman who just returned his 2nd interception of the game @ the 1:40 mark
What's wrong with Drew Brees?
Characteristics of a Better Football Coach
Molina gets a ring either way...
No NBA team wants Allen Iverson so he'll be playing in... Turkey!?!
Are Giants' pitchers overrated?
DAE hate how Jaws from MNF emphasizes the last word of every sentence?
Professional Soccer Player Has Heart Attack During Game
Dance, monkeys, dance: Tennessee coach Derek Dooley compares Volunteers to Germans during WWII
Trent Dilfer is a douche
Who you picking, Celtics vs. Heat, by how many points?
Well, looks like my two-week winning streak is pretty much fucked...
Did you guys hear the announcers for the Heat/
Celtics game mistakenly call the Heat the Cavs? 
Jeff Francoeur's got the crazy eyes
Executed inmate's last words: Boomer Sooner
Three-pointer in the final minute lifts Lakers to a win over the Rockets
The terrific Michelle Beadle scarfing a donut. That is all.
New Free App Will Rescue You From Buck/McCarver This World Series
I don't care what you say about baseball or the US or patriotism or whatever...listening to Tony Bennett sing God Bless America tonight brought more than a few tears to my eyes.
You look so natural, no one can tell, with Just For Men!
Wonder whats up with those necklaces everyones wearing in baseball? Supposedly it relieves fatigue.
In honor of one of the worst sports announcers of all time, here's a big fuck you to Tim McCarver
Free Animated Football Drills
Ashes: dont forget to pack the urn England!
The Texas Mile . . . draws hundreds of automobile and motorcycle junkies from across the country to drive as fast as they possibly can for a mile. Contestants come with Suzuki Hayabusa motorcycles and turbo-charged Porsche sports cars. There are muscle cars, American-made automobiles
FAU announcer rages on air.  
Orlando vs. Miami ~ who wins and by how much?
Giants QB Eli Manning and Wife Expecting First Child
 Boston Celtics coach Doc Rivers confirmed that backup guards Delonte West and Von Wafer got into a fight after practice
Lakers take care of business in Phoenix.  
High school football player dies. Had a concussion earlier this year. Told the trainers his head really hurt after going to the sideline before collapsing.
Gators down the Dawgs in overtime thriller
Lewis unflappable as Moreland powers Rangers to Game 3 win over Giants
An interesting video on Ray Allen's career.
Who's Winning the World Series? Oh Yeah, Who Cares? Good Thing We Have Football, Hockey and Basketball.
LeBron James Says He Would Have Done 'The Decision' TV Special Differently
Holy Shit - The Detroit Lions have a better record than the once mighty Cowboys!!!
OH SHIT - Moss gets dropped by the Vikings 
Here's the order of NFL waiver claims. I'm thinking Moss is probably going to the Cowboys.
r/Sports, you may already be familiar with Carl, but he is the epitome of a NY fan. This describes exactly how I feel about the World Series.
Brady or manning, who gets more search traffic? And other sports keyword info.
Tim Lincecum - How Freaky is this guy?!
Apparently Dwyane Wade attended a Halloween party in Whiteface trying to look like Justin Timberlake. 
Welcome to the Yankees Mr. Cliff Lee
The Randy Moss very sad statement was a hoax, according to his agent. Prankster set up a Gmail account under Moss' agent's name, sent the statement to the Indy Star Tribune who swallowed it whole and caused the report to spread across all sports media.
What was that basketball show?
How a Pats-Moss reunion could work
Check out the mayhem in San Francisco after the Giants win the World Series! [VID]
Moss' release another knock on Childress 
The 100 Manliest Mustaches in Sports History
Chilean miner to compete in New York City Marathon
Kevin Garnett is an asshole.
LA2M and Mike Tirico Raise Over $2,800 For Peace Neighborhood Center with a Little Help from Some Friends
Fantasy football players to have on your radar for the second half of the season
Skittles makes Derrick Rose a custom candy machine.
Bullpen catcher ticketed for pot possession
Chick Gets Wild At Cowboys Game 
Paul Pierce is the 36th NBA Player to Reach 20,000 Points, and all with the same team
It's a good time to be a Boston sports fan.
Stay classy Kevin Garnett
Golf Trip Genius Free Edition &amp;#8211; A software for golf which provides all basic tools for a golf captain to manage golf trips and golf pairings.
Former three-time world surfing champion Andy Irons was found dead in a hotel room in Dallas.
'Worst football team in the world' wins first game
RIP surfing legend Andy Irons (1978 - 2010)
Video: Kevin Love really, really wants a low five
Freddie Mitchell rise from the dead.  Blames McNabb for his career.  Celebrates Shanahan's decision to bench McNabb.
Texas Rangers GM Jon Daniels gives us the ಠ_ಠ
This dude has no toes on his right foot and he kicked the farthest field goal in NFL history.
Exciting ACC finish (Georgia Tech @ Virginia Tech)
Further embracing their role as the Bad Guy, the Miami Heat disinvite a loyal supporter after promising him an all expenses paid trip to a game.
Isiah Thomas itching for encore with New York Knicks - Ugh.
Great article about soon-to-retire Zenyatta, owner of the longest winning streak in horse racing.
soccer goal, karma style [vid]
Keyshawn Johnson on Randy Moss: “He doesn’t have to kiss Brad Childress’ ass”
Bill Simmons is still the greatest sport writer of our generation: Week 9 NFL Power Rankings
I Know What You Did
This is my cousin, I haven't heard from him in about a decade.  Pretty cool!!!!
2016 Olympic Games: Rio Solar City Tower 
Put 'em on a poster!!! Wilson Chandler baseline dunk on Javale McGee.
USC, Utah to face off first in Pac-12 schedule
132 points.  The tough thing was to find what 
offensive plays would not work against each other.
Zenyatta loses by a nose. Finishes career 19-1. 
Cleveland tries to stick it to Lebron by spoofing his Nike ad.
Did Les Miles just take a hit of acid?...
Can NFL announcers please learn the difference between an end around and a reverse?
Someone must not like Fitzpatrick to make this his Wikipedia image
Can reddit please give it up for a true boss?
DAE Think the NFL could put together a world class rugby team?
Alex Karras from Webster cutting some flowers.
Off the Window
Jacob Tamme had his best day as a pro football player yesterday. This is how NFL.com marked his personally historic day.
Athletes are Awesome.  [vid]
Coleman and Mikell not fined for hit on Collie while Collins fined 50k!  Williams even asked for Collins not to be fined, says it was a Bang Bang play
Cam Newton Reportedly Cheated At University Of Florida: Faced Potential Expulsion
Does anyone else think Jim Rome is basically Denis from 30 Rock?
NFL players charms his way out of a ticket by offering an autograph to the cop's son. 
This sums up the value of Derek Jeter quite well.
Documentary examines struggle of openly gay 70s baseball player Glenn Burke
Hi there,
I have a unicycle for a long time and don't know yet how to ride it.... Even if I try to lear now...
I even made a blog entry about it.
Any good tips on how to ride it to be found on Reddit?
Or do you know how to ride one of them?
Have a good day,
Me.
Guess where I found this: Thanks to the BCS, the top two teams have played each other 12 times in 12 years by BCS measurements
Does anyone know where I can see a breakdown of athletic abilities by sport?
Hair vs Hair
Which Premier League football team are YOU?
Are Chris Paul and the Hornets for real?
Here's a blast from the past, r/sports: No Stats All-Star
New NHL All-Start format; Players to choose teams.  Can't wait for the guy who gets picked last.
Florida Man Files Restraining Orders Against Tebow, Obama, Jesus, Sanity
Not lobbying for an HOF induction, just a cool video. I can still remember the day/play he got hurt on. I would love to see another athlete like this.
Antonio Margarito's trainer Robert Garcia apologizes for mocking Freddie Roach's Parkinson's Disease in a video - ESPN Dallas
Gilbert Arenas explains why he took a shit in his teammate's shoes
Through 9 games, the 2009-10 Heat have a better record (6-3) than the 2010-11 team (5-4).
$100 Million for an all-time awful shootout fail? Kovalchuk literaly drops the puck!
LeBron James: “We’re the best 5-4 team in the league. How about that?”
Charlie Manuel is speaking at my school right now. I'm part of the IT crew streaming it. If you want to watch here you go.
Does anyone else see the Super Bowl going PPV in 
the future?
The dunk that spoke volumes
Auburn QB Cam Newton could be NFL bound
Kevin Love got how many rebounds?!?!?!
What do Americans think of Cricket?
Steve Nash is getting divorced - a day after his son was born.
I wonder if he watched the Disney Channel just to be ironic....
Is this the greatest baseball line-up ever?
3 Southern Miss football players shot in off-campus fight 
Pacquiao on King Hippo: What a Fat-ass (Kotaku)

In a country of 1.3 billion people, 7-foot, 250-pound Satnam Singh Bhamar has become a beacon for basketball hope.
At age 14. 
Best Basketball video I've ever seen.
Jeff George, Randall Cunningham, and the 9 other QBS who have thrown TD passes to Randy Moss
Former NFL player David Meggett was sentenced to 30 years in prison Wednesday after his conviction in a South Carolina court on charges of criminal sexual conduct and burglary, authorities said. 


Somewhat late, but I'm starting an NBA Fantasy League, and I hope to fill it with redditor GM's. Check it out!
The Numbers Behind Super Bowl Ads [infographic]
Posey wins the Rookie hardware to go with his ring.
Takraw: Thai Soccer, combines characteristics of soccer, volleyball and kung fu.
Who else here actually enjoys watching the older games on ESPN Classic? I was just watching last season's UNC vs Rhode Island in the Men's Semifinal NIT tournament and it was a hell of a game.
Cornell ranked #1 in NCAA wrestling (props to school that stresses athletics and academics)
LeBron nominated for TIME Person of the Year
LeBron James fantasy basketball camp movie canceled
I know it's hard to remember, but occasionally ESPN does do things right
Michael Vick's crushing of Redskins enough to overshadow his past?
Mark Cuban laughs at the Heat's struggles
How entertaining/interesting has this sports year been?
Jim Furyk wins his first PGA Player of Year Award
DC radio host is mad as hell, and is not going to take it any more after Redskins loss
How the hell does Bruce Bochy not win Manager of the Year?
Don't worry Tony and Eva, you have plenty of company.
TIL that the Miami Heat retired Michael Jordan's number. No heat player can ever wear 23.
New Oakland mayor has informed Major League Baseball of plans to keep the A's in Oakland with a new stadium
Brian St. Pierre (5 career pass attempts) to start Sunday for the Panthers against the Ravens
Eyewitness Account of the Attack on the 8-year old Jets Fan at Browns Stadium
Philadelphia Eagles to install wind turbines, solar panels and a cogeneration plant at Lincoln Financial Field.  Fans expected to 'booo' social consciousness.
Stock Endorsements &amp; Digital Recruiting: If Its Not Authentic, Why Bother?  — FieldLevel compares how advertising technology advances parallel the idea of digital recruiting. Interesting perspective.
This man responsible for my love affair with basketball [VID]
Kobe criticized for participating in Call of Duty ad
Why Is FBI Interested in Recruitment of Football Star?
Worse than Adam Morrison?
College Sports Fans of Reddit, I Have a Question for You...
Royal Ivey:  Just another multimillionaire that you just don't really think about.
Can anybody tell me about this horn?
15 yards for diving?
“I don’t care if James Naismith was guarding me, which would be scary because he’s dead”
Anyone want to reach through the radio and smack people that call sports radio for fantasy advice? 
Red Wings come from behind to tie game with less then four seconds left, only to win it in overtime!
I don't understand the helmet-to-helmet rule.
Would anyone else like to watch an Eagles-Falcons NFC Championship as much as I do?
Can someone please give me a TL;DR of the Premier League?
Derek Jeter's agent doesn't know history, envokes Babe Ruth.
Why do you think promotion and relegation works in European football but not in American sports? 
Sources: Victor Martinez leaves Red Sox for Tigers.
Reddit, we need your help to try and save Sheffield Wednesday FC! Please read
I don't think these are the kinds of dogs that haunt Michael Vick?
Josh Hamilton wins AL MVP award.
Udonis Haslem's season might be over. Is it time to write off the Heat?#
Contract negotiations getting messy between Jeter and the Yankees, as the Yanks tell Jeter to go test the market
I'm not sure what the author had been smoking, but damn, this article is freaking awesome!
Cool article about Kobe -- “It sounds weird, I guess, but it’s true: I was really mentored by the preparation of Michael Jackson” 
T.O. says Revis an average corner to me
Watch where you're skating
Pat Riley's return to Miami Heat bench is inevitable
When I was in Atlanta, after practice, when I should've been studying film, perfecting my craft, I went home and fought dogs. Pointless activity. For what? - Mike Vick shares lessons learned
This has been going around as the new mascot style for Alabama. However, I can't unsee pedobear.
Does Carson Palmer even remotely know what he's doing anymore?
Anyone else think the NHL should embrace three point regulation wins to go alongside a 2/1 point split for OT games?
icing the kicker, does this actually work?
TENNIS ZONE: Watch Online R Nadal Vs A Murray Live Streaming Semi Final Tennis Barclays ATP World Tour Finals On 27/11/2010
Boy becomes a badass after falling at Sun Devil Stadium and not shedding a tear.
Spying costs Denver
A reminder that this happened
Best Names in Sports
Losing Is A Team Sport - Boise State's loss was a team effort
The Bears thumped the Eagles 31-26, exposing huge flaws in what everyone thought was the best offense in the NFL. The Bears have been ignored all season, even though they have the 2nd best record in the NFC. Biased much, media?
OK we know Spoelstra is done but my question is which Heat player - James, Bosh or Wade will want out of this first?
TCU to join Big East
Andre Johnson will not be suspended
Michigan State's case for a BCS bowl game
Woman has twitter username theashes. After initial frustration at being confused with a cricket series, she ends up being offered a trip to Australia to see the Ashes
Dallas Mavericks remake Kanye West's Power video
I don't know if you guys are watching this MNF game, but John Gruden is ripping Derek Anderson so hard.
Class Act - [The League]
Bobby Bowden to coach one last game
Rex Ryan: 'I came here to kick' Bill Belichick's butt 
For those of us who thought there would never be another Barry Sanders, I introduce Barry Sanders... Jr. 
I take your Barry Sanders, and raise you one Chabal
I know it's early but surprised no one has posted the Georgetown/Missouri buzz-beater from last night. [vid]
Does anyone have any video of (professional) referees / umpires in awe on the field?
LPGA votes to remove 'female at birth' requirement
Report:  Anschutz poised to buy 35 percent of Chargers | ProFootballTalk
Two L.A. groups have shown interest in Minnesota Vikings - ESPN Los Angeles
High school RB strikes perfect Heisman pose during 250-yard game
Soccer Sniper.
The NCAA has cleared Cam Newton.
Hey r/sports, what sports do you feel aren't really a sport?
Peyton Hillis - Unstoppable Highlight Reel
109-99. Houston Rockets beat LA Lakers at home to deal the defending champs their first four game losing streak since acquiring Pau Gasol in 2008!!
Gilbert about LeBron: He quit...People have covered up for him for way too long.
If Peyton Manning left the Colts how would that compare to LeBron leaving the Cavs?
FIFA hands World Cup 2022 to Qatar as U.S. loses bid; Russia to host 2018 soccer tournament
Solution to Qatar heat problem...
Jimmy V Week starts tomorrow - This man was amazing
Let's not spoil Auburn's party, OK?
I know most of you don't care about soccer [Fixed]
Gooooooo Big East?
As an Arizona student and football fan, I just wanted to say... FFFFUUUUUUUU!!!!!!!
Praise 'em when they win it, KICK 'em when they're down -- the story of life, I suppose..
England dominate in Adelaide Test
This makes me feel like crying every time I hear it, esp the first ten seconds ...
Al Bundy finally catches a break and becomes a football star.
Steelers Ravens Bump Heads.  Suggs-Bounty on Ward.  Ward-Declares NOT friends with Ed Reed!
As a Gator fan, this is how I feel.
My Qatar 2022 Stadiums Story Got Picked up by the Iranian Reddit, Balatarin, and my Blog Blew up
Markov out for the year, could he be out of Montreal as well?
DAE hate see Tracy McGrady play this poorly?
Heartwarming story: Miami Heat grant 8-year-old belated birthday wish
Did she really just take a swig of Newton's....Cammy Cam Juice?  I've lost faith in humanity.
If a boot makes purposeful contact with a head that is considered a definite foul, as is sucker punching.
Reports: Adrian Gonzalez trade with Red Sox is dead
Let's start a collection of the best highlight videos on the web! (Any athlete, any sport)
More Wasteful Spending in DC. Werth signs 6 year deal with Nats.
Brian Cashman: I'm a cotton-headed ninny-muggins. 
Sources: Boston Red Sox finalize trade for 1B Adrian Gonzalez - ESPN Boston
What counts as an assist in football?
Does anyone else think this is the future of the NFL thanks to the crack-down on helmet to helmet hits?
NFL Team nicknames.
Brett Favre's streak is not worth any further injury risk.
Turn out the lights, the party's over.  Don Meredith passes away at 72
Is there any sport where award voters don't have an incredible bias towards offense?
2010's Biggest Fantasy Football Busts
I love my city, I love my country and I love my Penguins.
Trust Me (crossposted from /r/NFL)
Video of USC-UCLA brawl outside of the Rose Bowl - 2 guys got shanked
Wisconsin school paper calls out students for selling Rose Bowl tickets
Podcast interview on The Gentlemen's Club with UK men's mag journalist Jeff Maysh
Life will never be the same once you learn what a butt drag is
*In a continuing effort to tackle youth obesity, the Atlanta Falcons will be hosting a live webcast of Atlanta Falcons players, cheerleaders and students as they attempt to set the Guinness World Record for Largest Virtual Physical Education Class.*
A beach volleyball player participating at the Asian Games has blamed his team's loss on bikini-wearing cheerleaders.

Frank McCourt is not the sole owner of the Dodgers, a judge ruled Tuesday, a decision that keeps the team in legal limbo for what might be several more years.
Pittsburgh fans - are you sick of the song Black and Yellow yet? If not, prepare to be. 
Albert Haynesworth of Washington Redskins suspended four games - ESPN
Imagine if ONE player from a sports team INSTANTLY became the object of the team (IE a New Orleans player becoming a Saint). Who would kill/do the most/least people/damage?
If you like football and don't read Tuesday Morning Quarterback, I highly recommend giving it a look
Any sportsbettors on Reddit?
ESPN's personalized way of indicating that you suck
Hockey fan? Alex Ovechkin and Sidney Crosby on the art of the hit.
My case for a 16 team playoff
From 2011-2013, Michigan State, Duke, Kansas and Kentucky will open the college basketball season
Cliff Lee free agency = Lebron free agency?
Come fly with Javale McGee.
Brian Wilson's Beard: I wouldn't wish this on my worst enemy
Meyer stepping down at Florida
If Goodell put you in charge of a new NFL franchise. What would you name it?
In The Midst Of Baseball Winter Meetings, Probably The Best Site Out There To Keep Up With The News
Sources: Los Angeles Angels will eventually land Carl Crawford
Someone doesn't fit in this poll.
Will Shaquille O'Neal Finish His Career in Turkey? 
Oh yes; the Jets were shaken so hard by the Pats that Rex Ryan (Jets' coach) buried the game ball from their loss to the Patriots!
Red Sox get Crawford, looks like the Yankees are getting Cliff.  Big fucking suprise.  This is getting so old.
With Adrian Gonzalez gone, the Padres literally have nobody at 1st base. Yahoo has the guts to admit it.
Duke's Kyrie Irving may be out for the year.
Bill Belichick: The NFL's very own Sir Alex Ferguson
Chad Dukes rant on the Redskins 59-28 loss to Philly
that's a penalty?! ranks up there with, giving him the business
Yes, I do think I can do better.
Why Is Basketball Played On A Hardwood Court?
Train Conductor Chooses Family Over NFL
Most underrated player in your favorite sport and why?
Don't look now, but the Miami Heat are leading their division and have the second best record in the East
Politics and Basketball in the Middle East.
Cam Newton win's heisman, despite scandal.. Will he keep it though?
Easy Button Vs. Lindbergh
Am I running the wrong way? Sigh.
Cards' KICKER Feely 16 - Broncos (whole team) 3
Hey /r/Sports, anyone have the details on Monday night's rescheduled G-Men vs Vikes game?
FOX tests new in-game soundtrack during Seahawks vs 49ers, and it's somehow worse than you'd ever imagine
Interview with the photographer of Billy Ripken's fuck face card
Should Sal Alosi be suspended? Fired? Charged with assault?
Taylor University's Silent Night
Video: Jets coach trips Dolphins player during game 
Connecticut Attorney General Says NFL Should Be Penalized 15 Yards For Not Allowing Giants-Vikings Game To Be Aired In State
Tashard Choice did nothing wrong.
Looks like the NJ Nets going to be renamed the Brooklyn New Yorkers.
I wonder what Brett Favre's plans are for tonight. 
Brett Favre Can't Start Tonight: Consecutive starts streak ends at 297
What the Big Ten's new logo should have looked like.
In Russia, you go to see a fight and a hockey game breaks out.
Dear ESPN, There was just an epic Monday Night Football game and the SportsCenter episode after the game is all about.....
Are the Phillies now the Miami Heat of baseball?
Top five NFL QB's???
Nolan Carroll tripped in .gif, watch it load for even slower motion.
I'm no good at rage comics. And while I understand not everyone loves them, I was hoping someone with a good eye for them in /r/sports could help...
Kobe gives John Wall some advice
Video: LeBron hits at the buzzer from behind the backboard
President Obama and Kobe Bryant talk some trash
Hilarious young NFL fan
Wayne Gretzky Trivia... this one is tough, but I think I know the answer.
Marching band creates giant football kicker
Streak for the Cash....do we have a group?  IF not can I propose we get one going?
Oregon high school forward smashes backboard on breakaway dunk
The New York Jets suspended assistant coach Sal Alosi indefinitely Wednesday after they discovered he ordered five inactive players to form a wall along the sideline for a punt return, during which he tripped a Miami Dolphins player. - What a prick..
Paul  Pierce nailing the game-winner over Amare Stoudemire. Also, Nate Robinson getting too excited, jumping over Pierce and nearly smashing his head on the court.
Mark Cuban in the Mix... Trying to put his money where is his mouth is and back an alternative to he BCS,  meaning a playoff
Horseplay Heaven [FREE].“In Just 3 Minutes You Will Learn Exactly How to Pick Race Winners Seemingly Out of Thin Air!”

The Best Part? You don’t need any fancy horse racing system, software, or even betting experience…
All you need is a racing form &amp; my guide!
UConn's BCS Bowl-Bound Football Team Will Cost Connecticut Taxpayers Millions
AEG (and Magic Johnson) looking to strike deals with the city of LA, the NFL, and a team looking to relocate in 90 days to begin construction on new Downtown LA NFL stadium
Football Fans: Cameron Wake is in danger of getting passed over for the pro bowl. He went undrafted in 2005, went to the CFL for a couple years, and is now the league leader in sacks and the OLB for the Miami Dolphins. He needs our support. Go Vote!
BCS director doubts Mark Cuban's Playoff Plan
Let's pretend... [Soccer fans having fun while losing]
Looking for a good college bowl game deal? The average BCS Series ticket price is down 20% from 2009, with Fiesta Bowl tickets at only $134; Orange Bowl at $149; Sugar Bowl at $352; Rose Bowl at $402.   
Ok this headline must have been intentional...
Cliff Lee signing in Philly did not make the Emperor happy.
Ultimate Ditka! Da Coach in Pics
WE JUST SAW A MAN FLY!!!
Renaming Big Ten divisions? I really hope so
Jim Delany says Big Ten may reconsider division names - So, no one liked the originals?
Carlo Colaiacovo doing what he does best [gif]
As a Vikings fan, this really put a smile on my face!
Cross-Post from /r/hockey: 24/7 Pens/Caps: Episode 1 - Legally Streaming from NHL.com(Censored)
My friend I've known since 2nd grade is now looking to become a pro mountain biker and just had a feature article written about him w/ video.
Source: Denver Broncos to give quarterback Tim Tebow to get first NFL start - ESPN
Stacked Orlando Magic just got even more stacked. Vince Carter, Marcin Gortat and Mickael Pietrus for Hedo Turkoglu, Gilbert Arenas and Jason Richardson. Lakers vs Magic in 2011 Finals?!
Any online sport bettors out there?
This is actually pretty accurate regarding everyday life in Tuscaloosa, Alabama. Roll Tide. 
Restoring my faith in American Football
SaniaMirza Latest News and Information
Coughlin to Dodge: Whatever you do, do not kick it to...
Brewers go all in with trade for Royals' Greinke - MLB - Yahoo! Sports
Titans 31, Texans 17
If there was a god, this guy would've been calling the NYG-PHI game last night.
Learn about the different types of fishing poles and how to select the one that best suits your needs.
The Game Tonight.
Steve Francis clearly doesn't care about life anymore
Will Cory Wooten be the answer to who ended Brett Favre's career?
FUCK YOU CLAY BENNET!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Picking out a fishing rod for a child is easily one of the biggest things that determine whether they end up liking the sport or not. Could you imagine anything more discouraging for a child than trying to use fishing pole that is next to impossible to catch fish with?
When you go to a boat show you can count on many of the dealerships being present and having a good sampling of their inventory at the show. 
It will take Ryan Leaf three books to write about his 4-year NFL career
Dallas Mavericks sing Grandma Got Run Over By A Reindeer
Toddler leads the celebration at the Phillies Parade (video)
Hey r/sports, anyone up for a fun weight loss challenge?
Blake Griffin skying over the rim
Rex Ryan finally (doesn't) address his foot fetish at a  press conference...just a tad bit awkward.
Ron Artest selling his CHAMPIONSHIP RING.
Umm, I think Cleveland is 17. 
Football fail videos - top ten of 2010 (brilliant!!!) 
Mississippi State players fight in stands after a game. Very strange to see teammates go at it like this. 
WWE release Kaval; Now working as Low Ki again; Cena and other stars react - KocoSports.com
I really hope the NBA does this next year, and bills it as A present from Stan(ta).
DAE wish you could watch NFL games from a different angle?
Video: The worst dropped pass of the NFL season 
Nice face, Mike. 
Steroid Mike Is Out
Agony of Da Feet
Teaching a child to fish is easy if you follow a few easy suggestions, it can lead to a lifetime interest in the sport
Ponting was furious. To his eyes, the replay on the giant screen in the MCG indicated the faintest white mark on the bottom of Pietersen's bat. Trouble was, it was nowhere near the flight of the ball. It was also so vague as to be almost imaginary.
Blake Griffin Throws Down Incredible One-Handed Alley-Oop Against Suns
The SF Giants Unknown Number Cruncher
Lions center tells Miami fans how he likes to celebrate a victory
Looking at last night’s NBA slate through actual quotes from someone on the team that scored fewer points. Then seeing if there’s any additional meanings that can be derived from what was said. That’s the made-up part.
What stories are your tired of from 2010? Research says people are tired of the Tiger Woods story and the death of Michael Jackson. 
Agent Zero makes fancy shot
This seat reserved for Non-Wussies
In 1989, Fleer accidentally issued a Billy Ripken baseball card with the words Fuck Face on it.  Here's how it happened, and whose fault it was.
Formula 1 2011; Who's your pick for the title?
**If NBA players fought NHL players, who would win?**
Mixture Mug: The Ashes 2010: England have work to do after the euphoria..
Winning the series must be the tourists' goal as a stepping
stone towards their ambition of becoming the No1 Test side
Mike Ditka Momma's Boy commercial
Failure. xpost from r/photography.
Best athlete anecdote you've ever heard
Dear Sports: which league do you think has the best playoff system (i.e. most likely to produce the most legitimate champion)?
Rashard Lewis must be pissed.
Congrats, University of Washington
NCAA Mimics MLB By Delaying Suspensions For Sake Of Postseason
UFC 100 greatest fights most seen figure.
What are your NBA 2010-11 All-Star teams???
Seattle Seahawks vs. St. Louis Rams: When has there been other non-winning div. champs? | Armchair Report
Veteran college football voice Ron Franklin was pulled off the Fiesta Bowl radio broadcast for calling Jeannine Edwards sweetcakes, then asshole in production meeting.
On my way to the Sugar Bowl. (Wooo Pigs!) Anyone else going/been to a bowl? 
NFL Owners trying to avoid future 'car wreck' - by causing one now
Desperate Atlanta Thrashers Holding In-Game Weddings (With The Mascot As Best Man)
Favre in more trouble with texts....you would think with all of this going on he would be smart enough NOT to send a text message while on national tv.
I don't want to startle anyone, but with their win yesterday, the Lions have their first 4-game winning streak since 1999
Two women have filed a lawsuit against Brett Favre and the Jets, adding to allegations of sexual harassment by Jenn Sterger
College football - Big Ten bias?
Anyone else disgusted by some of the teams that made BCS games this year?
Ronaldinho on his way to Blackburn Rovers - watch his greatest goals and skills HERE
Nothing like racists arguing affirmative action on an ESPN THREAD!
Supporting the institution of Sport Fishing, sounds like an easy way to land a big one!
Cooking With Bill Belichick Is Delightful
Wins and Losses Have No Bearing On NFL Attendance
RichRod not dead yet!
Ronaldo não tem a variedade de Messi
Blake Griffin, JaVale McGee, Serge Ibaka, Brandon Jennings in dunk contest
DAE think that the consequences of a safety in a football game makes it one of the weirdest plays in American Sports?
Roberto Alomar &amp; Bert Blyleven get the Call-to-the-Hall; Bagwell, Larkin, Smith, and Palmeiro fall short
Bert Blyleven loves to Fart
Federer does it again.
r/sports, I am having lunch with a sports writer tomorrow and I dont want to make a fool of myself...
Enjoy Winter Holidays With Cheap Skiing Deals
Fishing Report Acroos East Victoria - Marinews
How the Jets Defense challenges the Colts Offense
a guy like this deserves to be in cooperstown.  congrats bert!
You're going the wrong way!!! Massive marathon fail
Report: ESPN, NFL closing in on long-term Monday Night Football deal, Wildcard game(s) may end up on cable TV.
Sources: Jason Garrett is Dallas' coach

Reserve Guard blows up for 52points
A Taiwanese News Service animation to explain the latest Brett Favre allegations.
What Peyton Manning is doing (and how to beat him)
A lightless void of perpetual despair
More Proof That the NHL is Run By Complete Imbeciles. Introducing NHL Superheroes...seriously.
Does it make sense to start overtime with a surprise onside kick?
At auction, Andre Agassi give highest bidder a peek at his naked wife.
Incredible Backwards Halfcourt Buzzer Beater!
TIL Oregon's LB Casey Matthew is Packer star Clay's brother, amongst others in his pedigree.
Goalie shows off Johnny Cash mask
Nick Saban visits Barry Sanders' son at high school
Manny Pacquiao isn't the boxer of the year, according to this historian, but he's so good he gets his own special category at the bottom.
Ball says FREEZE!
King of Pop-a-Shot
Seahawks are now leading the Saints 24-17 with a minute left in the first half...
A Desperate Halftime Plea to the New Orleans Saints.
As a UCLA fan, I'm not sure who to root against more...Seattle or New Orleans? 
How 'bout those Seahawks!
Someone's gettin' a foot rub tonight!
Oh god, WTF. Poodle gymnastics, for real?
Rachel Alexandra &amp; Curlin
Come talk about the National Title Game with fellow CFB fans (we also have IRC)
Who Is Cam Newton's Father? Shady McShaderson
Mixture Mug: I'm your No 1! Tomas Kuszczak aims to replace Edwin van der Sar as Manchester United's first-choice goalkeeper..
Will We See Another Shootout In The Desert?  A poorly worded blog post about the BCS national championship.
Someone in my office feels strongly about tonight's game.
Official Oregon-Auburn BCS National Championship Thread
Impact Sensors Slated for NFL Helmets Next Season
Mark Schlabach: Auburn Tigers downgrade in hiring Gene Chizik - ESPN (12-14-08)
Michael Jordan understands that with great power comes great resp--, er, concern. 
Auburn's Championship And NFL Playoff Picks
The Denver Nuggets sent a stern warning to the New Jersey Nets
I want to go to the Pats/Jets playoff game.  Help me with Patriot Ticket Exchange/Criagslist deal. 
Rex Ryan needs to STFU
B.S. Report: Bill Simmons and LZ Granderson on issues of sexual orientation in sports. Simmons is one open-minded dude
Must-read sports article of the day: How the shared sorrow of their wives' miscarriages bonds college basketball coaches Billy Donovan, Anthony Grant, and John Pelphrey
They are tweeting the shit out of Lebron today
100 Best Sports Photographs of 2010 (Part 3 of 4) - Big Shots - Boston.com
How much trouble is early foul trouble? [NBA]
Thus far, NFL owners are guilty of hiding their numbers and the NFLPA is guilty of exaggerating their numbers.
Oklahoma State quarterback to walk on to golf team
FSU basketball just beat #1 team in the nation: Duke. What are your thoughts?
Chelsea FC – From Champs to Chumps
If you were a student athlete, could you avoid an NCAA investigation?
Casey Blake: Are the Los Angeles Dodgers Thinking Outfield for The Beard?
Best Tennis Rally of Last Australian Open [VIDEO]
Update: The Hockey Dad who didn't want the girl to play
Big vs Little
That's gonna leave a mark
The many faces of our country's most charismatic athlete...Jay Cutler
Does anyone else think that ESPN's video player is just awful.
I hope LeBron doesn't change. I hope he doesn't let public backlash and fan-driven self-righteousness make him change back. Scoop Jackson
Real Madrid C.F.
Karma? Karma is getting injured, losing to the Clippers and then getting spanked by Denver by 28 points.
Was and is George Best rated worldwide? or is he just overrated in the UK? Unquestionable ability...but does he deservedly have a space in football's all time hall of fame? 
The Trojan Team Captain created a positive out of the the Universities NCAA infraction penalty by taking a 10 day mission trip to Nigeria when the team would normally be competing in a Bowl game. 
What single game or moment got you hooked onto sports?
Pay To Stand Outside This Years Super Bowl
Is there a better place for Shaq to be than Boston?
Ian Holloway calls Aston Villa a half-a***d place that used to be famous
The Best Super Bowl Matchup Possibility
You wouldn't like Tevez when he's angry...
[x-post from r/soccer] Own goal in 93rd minute to lose the game (Asian Cup)
I've got a press pass for the wizards game tonight...
Sacramento Kings jumping ship to Anaheim? DAE think this is a bad idea? 
PBA on Solar TV Live Free Streaming on Pinoy TV Channel ~ Pinoy TV Channel
Blake Griffin: Dunk Machine
Is it possible to watch the playoffs online and delayed?
Looks like most of the fans on espn.com are Alabama fans (See ESPNU Fan Ranking)
Fox News Remembers Fallen Patriots
60 Minutes: Billy Walters, the most dangerous sports bettor in Nevada
Looking for testers for a text message update system
Coach Bill Belichick said there was no schematic problem with the most time-consuming offensive possession in the fourth quarter of Sunday’s 28-21 playoff loss to the New York Jets. Asked if he would use a hurry-up look next time, Belichick said, “I wouldn’t have done that.”
Blake Griffin drops hammer, and 47 points, on Indiana in Clippers' 114-107 victory

Lets be realistic.. Every team cheats, it's just a matter of how it ranks on the dumb scale
Another reason - Blake Griffin is the Boss....When I was in high school he told me, 'Let your game do the talking. You don't have to have to go out and try to rough them up or anything. For one, you might have to sit out the next game...
SHOCKING Study Shows Many Sports Fans Are Drunk By The End of Games
Hey look, this guy doesn't have a girlfriend.
The Top 5 Fighters In The NHL Today
What is the Big 12 smoking?
Show us your rebound face
Is Melo really worth all the hype right now?
LeBron James returns but Heat drop fourth straight as Hawks win in OT
Radwanska's racket busts on her return. Her reaction is hilarious.
Interesting profile of Deadspin.com's A.J. Daulerio
A 1995 teammate of Lance Armstrong says that the 7x Tour de France winner was the instigator for some team members to use EPO, a banned performance-enhancing drug that boosts the blood's ability to carry oxygen.
All-Time Giants: San Francisco Era
Now that Lance Armstrong is back in the news for using performance enhancing drugs I would like to present this painting I made a few years ago
A great piece on the 4 black hockey players on the Atlanta Thrashers, playing in the home of Dr. Martin Luther King jr
This girl really doesn't like David Wright.
Nets end bid for Carmelo Anthony Trade
8% of sports fans are legally drunk when they leave stadium
You know you're a Packer's fan when your home is mobile, but your car isn't...
Dana White: Women will never fight in the UFC - MMA News
NFL PLayoff overview: This is why I hate math
New PED Scandal - Deer Antler Inhalant HGH - Ray Lewis and many others tied to story. 
What exactly is HemAssist, the drug Lance Armstrong is accused of taking now?
DeRozan back in the Dunk Contest
/r/CFB Top 10 College Football plays of the year
While nobody cares, the SDSU Aztecs are now 20-0.   If they were on the east coast... 
Hey Steelers Fans - See you in Pittsburgh!
Where would u like to see Melo end up?
The Hippogriffin- a mythical creature which may take flight at any time.
ESPN's *top* headline today: Ike Taylor would hit Santonio Holmes
ESPN with a really moving headline.
2007 Arkansas Razorbacks running backs....ridiculous
Dana White Will Change His Mind About Women 'Never' in the UFC -- MMA Fighting
مشاهدة مباراة أوزبكستان والأردن بث مباشر
Jay Cutler Proves Naysayers Wrong By Defeating Shittiest Team Ever To Make Playoffs
What kind of payment do the ball boys/girls get at Grand Slams for tennis get?
[VID] A new kind of Tennis surface is introduced at the Australian Open - a ball absorbing one. (Delayed Maria Sharapovas' match)
U.S. Pond Hokey Championships. Day 1. 
The Curse of the No. 1 draft pick
Report: Wannstedt has agreed to join the Buffalo Bills' staff as assistant head coach
Vernon Wells traded to Anaheim for Mike Napoli
It's nice to see Gilbert getting along with his new Orlando teammates
Toyota Edits TV Commercial at the N.F.L.’s Insistence 
Packer fans rally on courthouse lawn in Green Bay
I'm working during the super bowl...HELP!
On the John: Final thoughs on a team with a shot
Has there ever been a football play where the quarterback was tackled during a kneel-down?
Who would win in a 40 yard dash, a hockey player on ice or an NFL receiver on turf???
A blast from the 90's past: This cheesy song deserves a posting now more than ever--Go You Packers Go Go Song. We all want a Super Bowl!
Anyone have a replay of the play cutler got hurt on?
Can the Steelers slow down the Pack's pass game on the fast Dallas turf?
I need to watch the NBA more often if I get to see this all the time - Blake Griffin dunk
Ochocinco Has Jay Cutler's Back
Jerry West sounds like a hilarious old curmudgeon talking about the Lakers' defense
Former University of Iowa football player Derrell Johnson-Koulianos has pleaded guilty to possession of marijuana. As part of a plea arrangement with the Johnson County Attorney’s Office, all other charges were dismissed against Johnson-Koulianos, Iowa’s all-time leading receiver.
BJ Raji is now officially the heaviest person ever to score a touchdown in the postseason
Evolution distance throwing campaign
Stafon Johnson sues USC, alleges coaching negligence
In the last 10 years, there have been 10 different NFC champions and 4 different AFC champions
How do people stay so up-to-date about sports teams?
How to take a loss [comic]
European redditors, what are the top 5 most popular sports in your country?
Hey Reddit, how did you get involved/interested in your favorite sport? How did you first choose your favorite teams?
My roommate found this using stumbleupon
This is why there will NEVER be a college football playoff. 
Y! - Is this the first Super Bowl without cheerleaders? According to Alanis Morissette here, ironically, yes.
I Really Want To See Herschel Walker On The Football Field Again.
Lions LB Zack Follett Is Off His Rocker [Video]
Ok Reddit CBK, I have a request of someone. Please help. Cross post from CollegeBasketball.
It's high school women's basketball. It's also an amazing three at the end of Triple Overtime. [vid]
Do team owners honestly think that these leagues will succeed? Putting an X in your team name doesn't help either!
Tennis player Justine Henin retires again
Happy 50th Birthday to The Great One!
Wayne Gretzky makes wine?
ESPN Has Cross-Sport Athlete Power Rankings?? Are they that starved for content?
NFL commissioner Goodell ready to cut pay to $1 in the event of a lockout.
The Terrible Towel Is Terribly Stupid -- NFL FanHouse
Happy 50th, Mr. 99!
Workouts are one thing, putting 12 players in the hospital is over the line, way over the line.
Why would you do that to Jeter?
Li Na beats Wozniacki to become the first Chinese person to be in a tennis grand slam final
A reasoned plea to athletes and other public figures: stop your egregious, persistent misuse of the phrase “I am humbled”
Iniesta Take Control | Nike ads.
For all the stick the NCAA gets for ineptitude, they got something right this time.
Whatever you think about Roethlisberger... Buzz Bissinger sounds like a bit of a jerk.
I'm not going to call this a shot so...watch the weirdest basketball basket I've ever seen.
THIS is why Packer fans love Aaron Rodgers - the truth behind the cancer victim autographed football story
You know how Phillip Rivers played the 2007 AFC Title Game with a torn MCL? Did you also know that he came out of the Divisional Playoff Game the week before? In the third quarter? And that Billy Volek led the game winning drive for SD?
OJ Mayo suspended 10 games for a banned substance
NBA All-Star Game Starters Announced
ESPN Commenters Say the Darndest Things...
Any Redditors experts at Seat Hopping during games? Tips you would like to share?
Thought some of you NFL fans may appreciate this 
quick trailer for the upcoming film The Mechanic.
SDSU News
Has any team gone from Final Four to preseason #2 to NIT?
Celtics Bow Down To No Man
Hey Reddit. Tell us about the greatest sports moment/game you've witnessed in person.
Nike commercials are ridiculous.  This is no exception.
A behavioral economist and a sportswriter take on some of the most cherished myths in sports. [Book Review]
dear r/sports, all of these basketball mascot fight/fan dunking/dance off videos you keep posting are staged...
Carrot-throwing Maple Leafs fan has charges dropped - ESPN
Why Phil Kessel wishes he had never been chosen as an all-star
Chelsea forces FA Cup replay. Soloman Kalou scores equalizer five minutes after coming off bench
Clijsters claims Australian Open crown 
Would you consider cheer leading a sport? Better yet, if your cheerleaders won a competition how would you award them? 
Strange tag out
Please rank these 5 major team sports by the importance of a strong coaching staff for success : BASEBALL, BASKETBALL, FOOTBALL, HOCKEY, and SOCCER.
People use the term great too much--but when it comes to Pujols....
Sources: Pacers fire O'Brien - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
r/sports, let's get your opinion on some of the fun prop bets for the Superbowl.
Cross post from r/Boston.  Damn Highschool sports are getting boring
Just got my uncle's pik for the Superbowl.  How should I reply?
I little highlight from the KU-KState game. 
What's your Shaqtion?
So you want a ticket to see the SDSU Men's Basketball team? Good luck.
Making Super Bowl footballs
Why There Are More .300 Hitters Than .299 Hitters, And Why It Matters - the Hidden Mojo of the Round Number
Learning disabled man has been biggest fan of minor-league hockey franchise for 22 years. Friday night, they're giving out a bobblehead of him.
The Beard Is Why We're Here
Los Angeles Dodgers: The 10 Best Opening Day Performances of the Past 25 Years
The downtown LA stadium have sold naming rights to Farmers Insurance. Only thing Farmers Field is lacking now is a team. 
This what I call a fair play
Ian Thorpe to announce come back
Adjust your volume, Stephen A Smith is returning to ESPN...
EpicMealTime does a Superbowl feast
Any of you ever bulk up to play football?
Dan Snyder on how to handle criticism from the press
RichRod Taking a Slap in the Face on Signing Day
In Defense of Kobe: Why he actually is clutch
There's nothing like a nice goalie fight.
All nicely de-iced roads lead to Super Bowl XLV
Dan Snyder is trying to get a newspaper reporter fired
Ohio State recruit fondled girls while pretending to measure them for JROTC uniforms
** S U P E R * O B A M A * B O W L ** [season finale!]
Yahoo! Sports blogger Chris Chase, why does everyone seem to hate this guy?
The Super Bowl Week Orgy, Through The Eyes Of An NFL Player
Playing for his third Superbowl (at age 28), is Big Ben the best playing?
Tar Heel Point Guard Larry Drew II leaves the team...a week before the first Duke game.
r/sportsbook is having a Superbowl Props contest in case anyone is interested!
Can Kobe become the NBA's all time leading scorer? He's on a pace to do it. 
Redskin's Haynesworth busted for Obscene Gesture 
Pittsburgh-area steelworkers told to work during Super Bowl

Just read the latest Sports Guy mailbag and guffawed out loud twice. If anyone can pick out the two spots that got me laughing, I'll send you something cool.
When the Steelers won their fifth ring, it was One for the thumb. If they win Sunday... 
I wonder if Dwight Howard regrets mocking LeBron before last night's game when James dropped 51 on the Magic?
HSAC comes up with a new FT+ stat that shows how the Wisconsin Badgers are not the best FT shooting team in the country, despite having the highest FT% of any team over the past decade
Bored with grid pools. Has anyone used a printable Super Bowl pool like this one? Is it fun or just too much work when you're drunk and watching the game?
Charlie Davies hopes to make a point with D.C. United
Lil B challenges Kevin Durant to a game of 1 on 1
Ref curb stomping a player.. ish
Kansas inmates place order for 942 large pizzas


Anderson Silva single kick to the face knockout. Unreal.
Report: Mike Tomlin ruined Pittsburgh Steelers’ pregame Phil Collins ritual by playing wrong track
If you know someone going to the game, FREE parking with $75 purchase at Lincoln Square across from Hooters on Collins at I-30. Spaces available now. I park there for regular season games ($40) 
Officially a Packers fan for obvious reasons
6 Rings, 7 Rings, Green Bay NONE!
Failure to complete temporary seating leaves some Superbowl ticket holders out in the cold.
Watch Super Bowl XLV on the BBC
You Have A Ticket To The Super Bowl? Think Again!
What do you think was going through Terry Bradshaw's mind when he was awarding the Lombardi trophy to Green Bay?


Fans denied access to seats at Super Bowl
After a limited number of sections in temporary seating areas at Cowboys Stadium were not completed in time, 400 fans were left without seats at Super Bowl XLV on Sunday.
ARod should be a spokesman for KFC. 

Finger licking good!!
Aaron Rogers involved in fight after Super Bowl
Michael Wilbon, on how Obama's Super Bowl party was better than yours
where can I watch PTI online? ESPN hasn't had full episodes available for awhile
He may look like a little kid, but Stephan Curry knows how to ball.
The science geek cheerleader: AKA Reddit's dream chick
What Chicago Cubs game did Ferris Bueller attend? Here's the answer (apparently for the first time ever on the Internet).
Spike Lee: Kevin Garnett Needs to Calm the F--- Down
Will There Be an NFL Lockout?
Lakers getting in the Carmelo mix. The big 3 of the west?
Hoke puts finishing touches on first Michigan staff 
Maybe the worst shot in football (i.e., soccer) history
Cardinals have no choice but to show Pujols the money
As a buckeye fan, I get to bask in my teams being ranked high often. but only now do I really feel like we deserve it.
2 separate Super Bowl Lawsuits have been filed in Federal Court against the NFL and Jerry Jones
 ICC World Cup 2011
360° Panoramic video of world's largest dodgeball game
Mark Buehrle OK with hurting people, not animals
Did the NFL miss a huge opportunity to do more with the Super Bowl? 
Why Jerry Sloan was a Good, not Great Coach
Here's a solution for the Knicks . . . get Melo! (scroll to about 2:00)
Reebok has gone full retard: Replica Lightening St. Loius Jersey
37 year old Peter Forsberg will be in Colorado Avalanche lineup tonight.
8 Court designs that may make you go blind
How I'm feeling right now too...
Islanders fight way past Penguins 9-3, rack up 346 penalty minutes responding to Rick DiPietro KO
In soviet Russia...
In honour of a soccer/football story reaching the front page, I present to you the best 0-0 game EVER!
As a Pittsburgh basketball fan should I be worried about facing St.John's?
Super Bowl Montage - Today by The Smashing Pumpkins
This is Kiteboarding
Washington Wizards get first road win
Highlight reel of all the fights from Saturday night's Isles Pens game
If you care about fairness, if you care about decency, if you care about being human, if you care about anything beyond the marketplace getting what it pleases, it should concern you that sports journalism’s blurred line keeps inching by degrees away from 'right' and closer by dollars to 'reward.'
Minnesota Wild officials are warning fans to only buy tickets from authorized agents after about 50 counterfeit tickets were sold in the past month.
Michael Vick To Sit Down With Oprah
Pujols sets his contract deadline at noon wednesday. Do you think he will sign an extension or go into free agency after this year?
Charlie Sheen is all over the place in hysterical interview with Dan Patrick on baseball (Podcast)
Blacks In Sports: The Hall Pass
Konopka not happy with Lemieux's comments about Friday's game.
LeBeau to sign deal to stay as Steelers' defensive coordinator
Tony La Russa: Union is trying to 'beat up' Albert Pujols
Surgeon: Brandon Roy may have 1-2 years left in career
Who are your favorite sports writers?
Crazy Div III Lateralfest Touchdown!
Stern: Some owner favoring contracting Hornets. As a knicks fan that would be a good way to get Chris Paul, no?
Lance Armstrong says he's retiring from cycling for good
Most jaw-dropping declines in NBA history
Iowa HS attempts more than 100 3-pointers in loss, sets national record.
Happy Birthday to one of the greats!
London Olympics tickets on sale soon
Minnesota Wild history and some mock-ups of what might have been
What is your favorite sports-related pod-cast?
Tim Duncan of San Antonio Spurs Replaces Yao Ming as NBA All-Star Starter
Rider Perspective - Tara Llanes (my life as a 
mountain biker, a champion, a friend, a daughter, 
and a paraplegic)
Former Bears Safety Dave Duerson Found Dead
Blake Griffin takes dunk suggestions
Colts release former All-Pro safety Bob Sanders.
Carmelo to get firm trade proposal by the end of the weekend (xpost from r/nba)
Heat beat the Celtics! ...in the Three Point Shootout.
If I was on a breakaway, this mask would get in my head
Blake Griffin has 137 dunks so far this season. Here they all are, in one 2:08 video. 
Derrick Williams Monster Block Saves Arizona
Which sport has the best All Star Game setup?
Bahrain Grand Prix off after anti-government protests
Bowl-A-Rama
If you're an football fan, you should read Peter King's brief write-up about chronic traumatic encephalopathy.
NFL lockout a good thing.
Dallas Braden...
Wow! Amazing slo-mo of Demar Derozans 2nd dunk in the dunk contest 
Which minor league team has the best support?
What Scandal? Cam Newton Looks Like He Could Be The First Pick In The NFL Draft
Carmelo Saga, dunzo. So how is all the Melo Drama just like The Bachelor?
DEVELOPING: Driver Caught With Prostitute In Car During Daytona 500
Melo sandwich at famed Carnegie Deli - expensive, fattening, sloppy, likely to induce heart attack
Carmelo Anthony Expected To Play Tonight For Knicks
D-Wade Play of the Day. Call Ringling Brothers, this belongs in the circus
Would it be a good thing or a bad thing to be able to put a franchise player tag on NBA players?
Photo Story: Requiem For An Era - posted today in honor of the best basketball rivalry in the Midwest, Indiana versus Purdue, which tips off in about 4 hours.
Why are teams crazy about a pure scorer like Carmello? Players who can score (and little else) are a dime-a-dozen. Monta Ellis is averaging 25.2 PPG, the exact same as Carmello. Guess what, Ellis is also shooting a higher %, and is younger. Is Monta Ellis worth mortgaging your team's future?
R/Sports, have you ever dated a member of a rival team's fanbase? How did it go?
Adam Wainwright to miss season - WILL require Tommy John surgery
Aaron Rogers used to have long hair, go by the name Syd Barrett, and was a founding member of Pink Floyd.
Incredible dunk by a high school basketball player as he leaps over a defender
8 Year Old QB Daron Bryden's Trick Shot Video
Top prospect leaps standing defender on Vince Carter-like dunk

New Zealand's national rugby team All Blacks traditional Haka, war chant
Sioux City East duo rises to historic heights
Who is the coolest athlete you have met?
Photo Story: 'Two and a Half Men' - Starring LeBron, D-Wade, and Chris Floppin' Bosh
Elementary! J.B. Holmes-Bubba Watson Match Play quarterfinal set
$25 Million loan from MLB to the Mets to cover operating costs last November.
In dismissing the lawsuit, Judge John Elsner said the contention that a golfer is negligent and liable when a shot veers off course is simply not the law in Illinois. 
Diving is not fake, the truth lies miles away behind a scope
How to throw a football. Something about his breathing...
seriously brian windhorst?!? how is this a news story? 
Wooden's great-grandson Tyler Trapani, who'd never scored in three seasons as a Bruins walk-on, gets final two points in a 71-49 win over Arizona
NCAAB streams?
Lebrons insane assist against the Knicks
Wade to Lebron James Left Handed Alley-Oop vs Knicks 2/27/2011 
Today, getting a high-powered job in sports is increasingly about working with the data, and a growing group of Hub-based number crunchers is making inroads -- and waves -- in the business
Beltran being the big man and proactively moving to right field
Yikes. Josh Beckett struck by ball in head before exhibition.
Greg McElroy (Alabama). Scores 48/50 on Wonderlick Test, Tied Highest Ever for QB.  Too Smart?
Gangs of New York: The Borough War between the New York Knicks and the New Jersey Nets
Help needed: NBA trade summary?
This is Nike's first athlete they endorsed.  The funny thing is, he is most well-known for having an ongoing line of Adidas.
Chicago Bulls woulda coulda shoulda
1997 NBA Slam Dunk Competition (guess who wins?)
John Daly puts a Flat-Screen on his Golf Bag.
Boston Red Sox: Why Adrian Gonzalez will be the 2011 AL MVP
 Concordia University Women's Basketball Player Inbounds Ball Off Opponent, Scores Game Winner
Greatest NBA commercial ever? 
UConn Football Team Lost Nearly $1.8 Million In Trip To Fiesta Bowl .... Spent Close to $500,000 On Cheerleaders And Band
Mad Panamanian Footballer Luis Moreno Kicks Injured Owl
Sad Perkins
I'd say right now thats a pretty honorable NBA comparison
Go Cards Go! a new subreddit for Louisville Athletics.
This should be an actual segment on ESPN
A Top-10 College team is about to get hit with major sanctions
I was watching the recently posted 100 best shots in NBA history and on most no calls under the basket, I often thought to myself that would be a foul today.
New health issues for Serena Williams
Athletic Therapy News: 1000th NHL game for Flames athletic therapist
Poor carlos ruiz :(
Agent: Packers have re-signed Hawk. 
Sports guy, forever alone
Star high school basketball player, Wes Leonard dies after making game winning shot
Basketball star dies after winning shot in team's perfect season
Amazing St. John's Lost Chance of Two-Round Bye in Big-East Conference Tournament
Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you James Flight White. Watch and be amazed.
Lebron passes ball off Bosh's face
Good. I'm not the only one that hates Woody Paige... and I read the Denver Post everyday.
TIL: Bernie Casey, actor in such films as I'm Gonna Get You Sucka and Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure played for the Los Angeles Rams and the San Francisco Forty-Niners!
Chris Paul taken off the court on a stretcher as Hornets beat Cavs
Best Ankle-Breaking in the NBA this year. [vid]
Have you ever made a play(s) in a sporting event/match that you thought was beyond possible?
Wanna See a Hockey Player Smash Through the Glass? Of Course You Do...[video]
If you are a Boston Bruins fan or a hockey fan in general, this play-by-play announcer will blow your mind.
How the hell does he do that? 
Chad Ochocinco wants to Fight Anderson Silva
Dont worry I got this...with one hand!
When will Jeter Reach 3,000 hits?
Chelsea have closed the gap on leaders Manchester United at the top of the English Premier League after a John Terry header and a Frank Lampard double gave them a comfortable 3-1 win at Blackpool on Monday
Did Jim Tressel find out his players were selling memorabilia 8 months before the schools say they did?
Thanks, Reddit sports fans (and aliengoods1) for your suggestions on fans' demands for a new NFL labor agreement. Here are the three we settled on. 
LeBron James missed a night at the Opera and is being sued.
Who is/was the better scorer in college?
He retaliated with a drop-shot winner of his own, stepped toward the net, pointed a finger at his audacious new adversary and gave her a look that said, “You cannot be serious!”

But McEnroe could plainly see that, yes, absolutely she was.
Tiki Barber may not rejoin NFL in lieu of joining the WWE?!
Ohio State football violations: Tressel suspended 2 games
Blake Griffin ain't got SHIT on this kid.
I Want More Polar Bear Destruction
Dissension Among the Heat... so it begins.
Stanford University athletes had access to list of 'easy' courses. Best part: the list is in Comic Sans.
NHL Zdeno Chara hits Max Pacioretty Mar 8
The NHL has informed the Bruins that there will be no fine or suspension on Chara
Tim Duncan's Shocking Autobiography... Well done Onion... well done!
Congrats to all Tottenham fans!
Does anybody else think that the NFL has way more superior negotiating skills than the NFLPA? The NFL has planned out every step and they'll get what they really want.
Athletic Therapy News: Pacioretty a few millimetres from potential paralysis
MLB Experts discuss Babe Ruth. LOL.
Miami Hurricanes down 10 points, 42 Seconds left, ACC tournament, you already know what it is reddit...
Mike Bibby = Mini Me. That is all.
Hunter Mahan's 64 grabs opening-round lead at Doral
NFL Rant: If the Owners and Players want to force a work stoppage then I hope the fans will stand up for themselves and walk away too.
Final Strides To The Dubai International Horse Fair 2011 Top international exhibitors from Canada, Germany, India, Ireland, Luxembourg and the United States to showcase latest in equine products
Onion Sports Network supplying a viable solution to March Madness
UConn coach answers critics with title
Gus Johnson Calls Isiah Thomas’s Buzzer Beater Over Arizona
Does anyone have a video of the cheerleader who fell @ todays Duke v UNC game?
Here's a March Madness bracket for charity, in case any of you just can't get enough.
Lockout Apocalypse: Minnesota Vikings' Chris Cook arrested for flashing the steel after getting into an altercation in Virginia
2011 NCAA Tournament: Who's at the top of your Bracket?
Pondexter Sorry About Japan Tweets
Mike Tyson's new iPhone game helps you blow off steam when a stripper takes your money
Anyone subscribe to mlb.tv? Have a few questions
The Racism of March Madness: ESPN Fab Five Special Reminds Us Why College Athletes Should Be Paid
AL Central Preview: It’s a Three Way Race Again
My March Madness Bracket...first time doing one
Catching Hell Movie about Steve Bartman and the Infamous Foul Ball to Premier at Tribeca
Roger Goodell, DeMaurice Smith, and an NFL fan are sitting at a table with a dozen cookies. 
Investigative report on the most delusional fans in sports: Toronto Maple Leafs fans
Legal complaint submitted by player's attorneys in Brady v. NFL
Oh Babe-y: Derek Jeter Voted New York's Greatest Athlete in History 
Talent Is Nice, but Luck Is Vital
By NATE SILVER, on the NCAA tourny and odds of winning
NFL lockout could damage chicken wing industry
Must read by Woj: Stan Van Gundy will be made to regret his words far more than Donald Sterling will ever his deeds. That’s the cold-blooded truth of a cold-blooded code. That’s David Stern’s NBA.
NFL Slave Labor
Awesome Rugby Poster
The 'Secret History' Of Baseball's Earliest Days

Ga. Tech researchers predict Ohio State men's basketball team will make it all the way through the bracket
TIL Jimmer Fredette's older brother, TJ Fredette, is an aspiring rapper.  This is one of his most viewed tracks
List of oldest Major League Baseball players - 
As I write this, the Cavs are down 33-4 with 1:55 left in the 1st quarter.
In an parallel universe, the '04-05 NHL lockout resulted in a surge of popularity for a real mans sport.
DAE else call bullshit on Jim Tressel for volunteering for another 3 games on his suspension?
Should Teams be Able to Choose Their NCAA Bracket Position?
One of the best soccer saves of the year...and it was Robert Green!
all in all..rafa still is fairly awesome coach...
i wudnt mind him coming back to liverpool at some point - This interview has had this effect on people
Vikings Adrian Peterson: NFL Is “Modern-Day Slavery”
I didn't like the Lakers (or their fans) to begin with, but now I don't even respect them. This is bullshit.
[March Madness] I wonder who will win this one...
Congrats SDSU on winning a great game that was fun to watch
So I just finished a season with the Bills in Tecmo Super Bowl.  QB Bills (aka Jim Kelly) was in bad condition so I brought in Frank Reich for all but one (huge) pass from Kelly.   Reich's a pretty good Wildcat QB.
Matt Cooke elbows Rangers Ryan McDonagh to the head
NCAA Streaming sucks all the sudden?
Can someone explain the end of the Texas-Zona game to me?
Well, since FSU took a shotgun to the face of my bracket, I can now sit back and just root for my Buckeyes.
Kid gets showered in Plexiglas. Kid cries.
Carson Palmer would be a great addition to the Dolphins
My sentiments towards the Big East
Why is Tim Lincecum always overlooked?
Incredible 40-Meter Free Kick Goal By Elano [video]
Florida State Shock Irish
SOB Dictator Buys $4 Million Dollar Horse
Could we actually see a professional athlete do time?
Braess's Paradox and Traffic Patterns used to explain the Ewing Theory (why some teams get *better* when they lose a star player)
To Trade, Or Not To Trade&amp;#8230; Kolb Is The Question?
Thursday, we will all be Wildcats.
Counterpunching tired cliches about Philly sports fans - Ed Rendell
Raptor's Mascot Eats Major Shit
My group's redesign of a Football Throwing Machine.. What do you think? (r/nfl crosspost)
Anyone with knowledge of the slave trade and the NFL could say that these two parallel each other.
Fan perspective: Why isn’t college baseball popular?
Chart comparing Barry Bonds to the Babe (by Age)
Anybody else sick of NFL owners pretending to care about player injuries while insisting on an 18-game season?  
NFL receiver Dez Bryant Kicked Out Of NorthPark For ‘Pants On The Ground’
DAE still care about Barry Bonds?
Jonathan Quick Save Video: Kings Goalie Makes Bizarre Save Against Flames
Would Wilt Chamberlain dominate today's NBA? This guy seems to think so.
Amazing shot to win Spanish basketball game w/ announcer freak-out afterwards.
The Rondo Game
American sports, where are the best seats?

March Madness Continues Today - Who's Player of the Year?
Jimmer fails to shine in the spotlight
Will Botswana Qualify for their First Ever African Cup of Nations Tournament this Weekend?…Is Seeking Help from Sports Psychologists their Secret Ingredient in their Success?
Bangladesh cricket fan's response to N.S. Sidhu's comment of even a cockroach is king in his territory
Warning to women and children: There are fake Packers on Facebook wanting to chat
Blue II allowed at Final Four!
BBC News - The latest entertainment and showbiz news from the BBC
Will UConn make it to the Championship game?
Cubs GM on Carlos Silva: What he's done for the last few years in his career, except for a two-month period, is way below major league standards. And he seems to have the continual problem [of] blaming everybody but himself. 
In this year's bracket, I had two firsts.
Want to play soccer next year, practice tips?
The NCAA pool I was in ended before the Final Fours even started!
IAMA division 3 basketball player who had a D1 scholarship taken away last second for no reason. AMA
Bigger hands than LeBron, Bigger wingspan than Bynum...this girl is a beast
Fandom is complicated
The Canseco Switcheroo! Seriously, we just need to stop paying attention to this guy.
Sri Lanka in a Sublime Performance against New 
Zealand
The Lamb Shake- Jeremy Lamb doing the Harlem Shake
Every Time a Small Market Team Loses Money we Bring Up Relocation. Should We Talk About the Mets?
Barry Bonds’ Tiny Balls Are Now a Matter of Public Record
It's true, bananas are yellow - but throwing them on the pitch during a Brazil soccer match may have unintended consequences
Sure you know John Wooden and Dean Smith, but how many of you know about Bob Hurley?  This guy is an inspiration and really exemplifies what it means to be a coach
Purdue fans: if Matt Painter goes to Missouri, it’s your fault! Signed, Purdue Athletic Department
So let me get this straight...Erik Ainge's drug use &gt; Charlie Sheen's drug use &gt; Mick Jagger &amp; Keith Richards' drug use. Alrighty then...
Ochocinco takes on a different type of football
Pakistan announces national holiday so workers can go home to watch the World Cup Semi-Final
No, this is a sure sign of the apocalypse 
DAE absolutely HATE homer announcer bias (even if it's your own team)?
Jason Whitlock speaks the truth about the need for an NCAA revolution
J.J. Barea of the Dallas Mavericks dating Miss Universe 2006
Does anyone else think its ridiculous that ESPN is acting surprised Butler is back in the Final Four?
Opening Day is Finally Here!! (GIF)
Vince Carter is still around and reminds us he still has it! FTW
Penn State Football Legend Jerry Sandusky Is Being Investigated For Indecent Assault On A Teenage Boy
High School Softball: 1 doubleheader, 3 no-hitters, 5.5 innings. WTF?
Question: If you're an American football player, and you don't make the NFL, what are your other options?
Cheating in Sports Does Not Include Using HGH or Steroids
Curtis Granderson hits game winning homer after coming to the plate to Rebecca Black's Friday
Robot Jason Heyward's thought on first hit of the season
A-Rod's pay nearly equals that of the whole Royals roster
As a basketball and hockey fan, this is how I feel on opening day. 
Division II St. Cloud State Shortstop also runs hometown
Homer Call of the Year [AUDIO]
Yankees: Best Bullpen in Baseball?
25 best baseball mullets!
An open letter asking Mark Cuban to act like a rich dude for my sake
Youtube's April Fools gag makes this fight even funnier. Click the 1911 button on bottom right side. 
The 15 Baseball Songs Better than 'Centerfield' | Rolling Stone Culture | Pop Life | Rob Sheffield on TV and Pop Culture
I have never been so proud of Utah.
Would you want to step up to the plate vs. this guy?
shaka is really smart
In honor of being entered into the 2011, here's an Isaiah Thomas mixtape.  Kid's got bounce, all 5'8 of him.  (Guy's face at 0:48)
Quick  question what do you think your favorite teams worst move was??(any sport)
Horibly vicious high school hockëy fight 
HAE Heard Rumors of Jerry Sloan and Phil Johnson Coaching the University of Utah Basketball Team?
xpost from /r/hockey: Green Men taunt Drew Doughty and the ‘Hockey Luvin Homo’: Can every NHL game be played in Vancouver?
José Mourinho’s and Real Madrid’s unbeaten home records come to an end
Tex Winter's long wait for Hall of Fame induction is finally over - whoo, hoooo!!
Manchester United's Rooney says f--k off to the camera after hat trick, will get a severe reprimand
Phil Mickelson outdueled Scott Verplank on Sunday to win the Houston Open in Humble, Tex., his first victory since last year’s Masters.
March Madness Facts: $1.2 billion lost in worker productivity
Novak Djokovic conquers the Indian Wells / Miami combo and is still undefeated in 2011
Giant fan beaten at put in coma at Dodger Stadium
Michael Jordan 90's nba cards
Shaka Smart to remain at VCU
The SPLINTER... If you have yet to see this look now (avoid if squeamish!)
Did The Clippers’ PR Guy Scrub Donald Sterling’s Wikipedia Page?
Wayne rooney gets a 2 game ban
Dear /r/sports, I just realized that Charles Barkley is pretty funny. I'm wondering, What do you think is the funniest Charles Barkley video or statement out there?
I finally get it, Kris Humphries is...
Economist: Time for professional student athletes?
Most Unbelievable Dunking I've Seen In A Long Time
If you played in the ESPN tournament challenge, how did you do?
Reporter asks the Wizards' John Wall a question, interrupts his response with a fart.
CBS' One Shining Moment 2011 — NCAA Tournament Recap
We have to buy this kid some Yankees gear
Dick Vitale thinks about his career ending, nearly weeps on air in the process.
10-Year Old Kid Gives William ‘The Fridge’ Perry His Super Bowl Ring Back
Is it because they've gotten smaller?
Some Guy talking about tiger wood's putting  on sportcenter, just said it would be smagnifyied. What do you think of espn's madeup words?
All the Aggies love me, all the...all the Aggies love me
Aw SNAP, Manhattan Mini Storage!
Lebron James teaching virtues in his new cartoon is like Bristol Palin teaching teen pregnancy prevention
Showboating at a penalty kick
Stream The Masters Live on cbssports.com (ESPN coverage doesn't begin until 3pm)
Hitler reacts to Mizzou hiring Frank Haith.
Ben Roethlisberger isn't living with fiancee because of religious beliefs
What is the deal with basketball players and bad facial hair?
Ochocinco: Replacement players on Madden (who are these guys?)
I don't know what to say about this MLB Always Epic feature involving Brian Wilson's beard. But it's worth checking out, if only for the WTF factor.
Quaked - Some unique skating terrain is found in the aftermath of the Christchurch quake
By Pantsing Boston Last Night, Rose Cements his MVP
Agree. He definitely seems like more of a 2nd hole kind of guy.
Reggie Bush forgets who Kim Kardashian is..
Manny Retires
Vince McMahon wants to take 'wrestling' out of the WWE 
Told of drug issue, the great Manny Ramirez shockingly retires from baseball
Howard Schultz has Sonicsgate thrown out of book signing
Panthers RB DeAngelo Williams on Miami Dolphins: “I hope I’m at the top of their list and they come after me”
10 year buys refrigerator perry's super bowl ring to give it back to him
This never stops.
I got 99 problems but a fine ain't one
Anyone else love this 'live K-zone' thing ESPN is showing on Sunday Night Baseball?
Really good snowboarding edit.
Jenn Sterger: I haven't profited from Favre's Penis
video - goalkeeper breaks world record for longest soccer free kick 83m!!
Incredible statistical breakdown of the NHL playoffs. Find out if YOUR team will make the next round!
‎20 years ago, Michael Jordan got his first ring by stopping Magic from winning his sixth. 
Texas Rangers' Tarp Slide
Frank Caliendo impersonating Jim Rome is nothing compared to Adam Clanton impersonating Jim Rome. Guaranteed
The first rule of Russian fight club: Don't punch the ref after you've already been DQ'd
How a Danish tech company is revolutionizing pitching data
Yankees Pitcher Phil Hughes Sucks Bad
In Other News, Many NFL Players Aren't Very Smart
How is this not up here? Pistons Charlie Villanueva starts a fight after punching Cavaliers center Ryan Hollins in the dick
Has the Window Closed for the Portland Trail Blazers?
Tom Brady cries about an American Idol dismissal
Why is it so hard to find video of Josh Hamilton sliding into home?  MLB needs to keep up with the times.
Phillies ace Roy Halladay on how to talk to an ump (and how not to)
First thing I thought of when I heard Kobe was getting fined for his slur...
Kobe fined $100K for calling ref a fucking faggot.
Edge always said the WWE was killing him, guess it he did want to die before 40 like Lance Cade and Eddie Guerrero did.
Minnesota nice
Based on past NBA fines, Kobe's slur was one-fifth as bad as going snowboarding.
A look inside a pro's yardage book from the Masters
Canucks Rule - F*** You Parody
For all you Around The Horn fans....
This is the most badass celebration in sports... and I really don't even like soccer.
Police make presence felt at Dodger Stadium in wake of fan's beating 
'Get off my lawn!’ Bears TE Greg Olsen gets kicked off high school field
I am a Panthers fan, and I'm not so sure about this guy. Should I be scared? 
College football rules change, allows teams to take time off the clock.
These are our playoff predictions, Reddit. What are yours?
This Gatorade ad is fun!
DAE think all the hoopla over Kobe's slur is unjustified?
Stanford wins 100th NCAA Team Championship with 2011 Men's Gymnastics Title, is 2nd school to reach the triple digit mark. (The other is UCLA.)
David Stern vs. Roger Goodell - THERE IS A STRONG chance that by midsummer, the N.B.A. will have joined the N.F.L. in locking out its players, and for this we can credit two men above all others...
Not a joke: Clay Bennett in charge of NBA relocation committee
Best part of the NHL playoffs- the epic commercials. There are many I don't know the history of though... would love for someone to explain
Joe Nathan bumped from closer role.  
North-Americans, do you really get this surprised about tifo's?
Has there ever been a better entrance in the history of sports than Mariano Rivera's?
Is there a site/blog that explains American football strategy (something like ZonalMarking.net but for American football)?
Cross-posted: Notre Dame releases results of student death investigation
NASCAR: Jimmie Johnson's Photo Finish Win At Talladega - 0.002 seconds
Reds' pitcher Mike Leake arrested for stealing shirts.
DAE think Chris Webber is doing a horrible job commentating on the Bulls/Pacers game?
Floyd Mayweather: Money May Rolls with 50 Cent to Weekend Bout and Gets Booed 
Robot to throw first pitch at Phillies game
Jose Canseco's 500 Foot Home Run Against Toronto - 1989 ALCS Game 4
Top 10 Worst Moments in Boxing History
Just learned today that Moneyball is being made into a movie that's coming out in September! Stoked!
German club's uniform gets a wolf (not 3?!) due to the results of an online vote
How These Two White Guys Wound Up In This Kendrick Perkins Family Photo
I know Seattle Supersonics fans hate the OKC Thunder organization for what it did....do you still root for the players anyway?
Possible American Olympic doping scandal and Carl Lewis...
Any pole vaulters out there?
Standing on a flat board isn't really fun. Until you pump 54,000 gallons of water per minute under you 
Bobby Ryan Dekes the Nashville Predators for an amazing goal
Mississippi State left fielder Brent Brownlee waving to my friend.
Dan Grunfeld finishes the year leading all Jewish professional basketball players in points per game!
Mail Bombs Are Prelude to a Soccer Showdown
My college athletic career ended yesterday.  Don't know why, but this song sums up how it feels as I close the most important chapter of my life thus far.
NHL 2011 Plays of the Year
Fan offers Cam Newton $1 million to pass a lie detector test
Ohio State receives NCAA allegations, faces Aug. 12 hearing
PHOTO:  Manny Pacquiao Calls Out Floyd Mayweather, Jr. Again.  Do you guys think they will ever actually fight?
Nigerian left-back Taiwo is toast of Marseille
Every single Blake Griffin dunk from the '10-'11 season...dizzying
 Mountain biking on a homemade trail with some wicked modifications. 
Mysterious 7th player involved in tattoo scandal mentioned in NCAA letter to Ohio State. 
Tim Duncan's run over?  A comparison to Karl Malone
I could watch Brian Wilson commercials all day long. 
Highest paid athlete ever could fund the Roman army at its peak for two months
Pavel Datsyuk stick handling - like a boss.
Will Ferrell schools Bill Walton in a game of horse
Did anyone else notice that goober sitting next to Jack Nicholson at the Lakers/Hornets game tonight?
I think this aptly describes my joy right now. Thank you Vince Vaughn
George Karl is a Badass and a survivor 
DIII Steeplechase Phenom has his career ended by violent attack while in Kenya
Which MLB Teams are Good at Spending Money to Get Wins
The great Olympic personal risk bubble
The first ever 3D sports movie...blew my effin mind!
Undermining Gender Equity in College Sports; Or How To Cheat Title IX.
Paul Zimmerman hasn’t written a word since he suffered multiple strokes. He’s still the best football writer of all time. --&gt; An Ode to Dr. Z
Turning Words Into Touchdowns.   Does a player's speech predict how he'll perform in the NFL?
I'm glad the Bruins won but...wow...our fans are terrible people. 
Dutch Club signs 1-year Old Child
One of many reasons why I love baseball (x-post from life)  *bonus in comments
Thanks to Reddit, Mindless Dribble has risen Above the Waves!
One of the better video clips/articles I have ever seen on ESPN about the lovely sport of hockey.
NFL Draft Drinking Game, assemble your crew.
Gorgeous animation of Barcelona's 5-0 victory over Real Madrid. 
$14.2 million??!! Chauncey Billups you are not wore that much for one year!
2011 NFL Draft first round photo gallery
Breakdown of every agent for every first round pick from the NFL draft
Blind Paralympian rides on a BMX track.
Dwight Howard on the Orlando Miracle, as imagined by the Orlando Sentinel.
LOG5 projection: Heat vs. Celtics
You probably remember the Vuvuzelas from last summer...
Before upsetting the Spurs in 6 games, the Memphis Grizzlies had NEVER won a playoff game before. 
Draft from 11-7; MMA from 7-11. AWWWW YYYYYEAAAHHH!!!
Grizzlies continue to impress
ESPN OTL - Adults Betting on Youth Football
Retired Softball Legend Jennie Finch Discusses Life After Softball
Video of USA Chants at Phillies - Mets Game
So I searched for Tom Emanski on Facebook. Obviously it's fake but I love his relationship.
USA Ice Dancers, Meryl Davis and Charlie White, win first American ice dancing gold ever at a World Championship. 
Today is the 103rd birthday of Take Me Out the the Ball Game, which was written in 1908 by a guy who wasn't actually a baseball fan about a girl who was...
Derrick Rose - MVP
Pittsburgh Steelers RB Rashard Mendenhall offers conspiracy &amp; compassion for bin Laden
One of the biggest home runs in the past couple years....Thanks Prince Fielder 
Marquez wants to be Pac'd for a 3rd time?
Man spends 7 years in prison, now nearing Olympic birth in Greco-Roman
168 Million reasons why Jordan is the greatest of all time.
Browns management at it again: Calls wrong player at draft.
NBA's Best I Didn't Foul Faces
What do yall think about the media slamming Rashard Mendenhall for his twitter comments concerning 9/11?
Manny Pacquiao's conditioning, and his ability to win across weight classes, confounds experts
Doug Flutie’s daughter will be a Patriots cheerleader
He had been waiting for someone to do this for his entire career
Derrick Rose is reason enough to cheer for the Bulls. Here is proof.
Why do refs feel the need to make their own impact on playoff games?
Do they even do intros like this anymore?
Teenager Robs PNC Park Usher While He's Having Heart Attack; Usher Ends Up Dying
Brewers fan rap may be the worst thing I've ever seen (VIDEO)
Anybody else love shirts like this to convey your awesome fandom? 
Does anyone know if there has been any team up 3-0 in a playoff series to blow it and lose in consecutive years?
Can someone explain to me how a city is forced to pay 25 million to the NHL? WTF?
I'll take the A-league over MLS any day. x-post from /r/videos
Ron Artest just can't behave himself
Mitchell and Webbs take on sports fans
The Power of Lebron -- A fascinating breakdown of why he is one the most athletically gifted players of all time (6'8, &gt; 270lbs, 44in vertical, etc. AND HE BARELY LIFTS WEIGHTS)
Video of race horse jumping into crowd in Australia
Post your favorite Seve Ballesteros shots here. I'll start with this beauty from his knees to the fairway
Any bets for which horse is going to win the Kentucky Derby? My bets are on Midnight Interlude.
GolfSwingGuru
2011 FORMULA 1 TURKISH GRAND PRIX - Drvier ranking 
Softball Legend Jennie Finch Discusses Opening a New Training Facility
Insane scooter skills!!
Guess he was right. 
11-14 from the field, including 9-10 3P OFF THE BENCH, Jason Terry just had himself a game
The Atlanta Hawks tie the series at 2-2, defeating the Chicago Bulls 100-88.
Apparently, the Austrian swim team isn't heavy on the smarts.
By far, the funniest of a series of SF Giants commercials showing on Comcast Sports Bay Area, starring an elderly Brian Wilson and The Machine.
Giro 2011 - General standings
Video: Rafael Nadal’s sensational between-the-legs winner - Busted Racquet - Tennis Blog - Yahoo! Sports
That's Not What They Mean by 'Kiss Cam'
Please tell me someone else heard this!
Russell Westbrook
Los Angeles Lakers heir apparent Brian Shaw has persevered despite tragedy
Grounds crewman caught under tarp looks like cat under the covers 
Baseball is weird and I love it
Thanks, Lakers, for showing us that when the going gets tough, you should just clothesline somebody.
ESPN sensationalizes another story (watch the vid)
Miami Cigar guy is not impressed
This gave me a sport's boner
Thanks NFL Lockout.
The original hardwood floor where the first game of basketball may have been played in Canada has been discovered after a fire.
Aircraft Carrier Deck Will Host College Basketball Game
Which rich asshole would piss you off the most if he bought your favorite team?
Serena Williams’ controversial Twitter picture: Was it over the line? - Busted Racquet - Tennis Blog - Yahoo! Sports
200 LA Billboards Donated to Help Find Bryan Stow Attackers  
Donovan McNabb refused to wear a wristband listing the team’s plays in 2010, because doing so would be “bad for my image.” 
I feel that you should be aware...
A very long, but very good argument for a hard cap for the NBA's new CBA
Dan LeBatard hilariously continues Miami's over-celebration of their win over Boston. 
LeBron James and Dwyane Wade thought they'd be Bulls this past summer
MLB All Iron Man Team
Bryce Harper’s switch to contact lenses has him laying waste to South Atlantic League pitching
Design a mascot that would convey a spirit of pure joy and unbridled enthusiasm. 
Jackson’s Great Debt to Jerry Krause - NYTimes.com
The series is on the line. Battle in Wine Town ahead. 
Heated Showdown Between Two Young Squads! Can The Grizzlies Knock Off The Thunder In OKC?!
Football, or soccer, is the most popular sport in Europe. We lock our hearts and brains to the results of the matches at weekends, Champions League or Uefa Cup. Every goal scored is enough to make us happy.

ESPN commentary enlightenment
Sarah Silverman Supports LSD For Pitchers on Last Night's Broadcast
Did Yanks mishandle Posada situation?
Evan Longoria's Crazy Bare Hand Catch
NYT: With a spectacular view of Paradise Valley before them, the two basketball men talked about a topic rarely discussed in their work world. Mr. Welts asked for Mr. Nash’s support, and the ballplayer, honored by the request, said yes. 'Of course.' - President of Phoenix Suns comes out as gay. 
Bnei Hasharon Falls On The Road. Season is over. 
Keeping the ball in play to complete the catch....
Houston Astros Fan Runs Onto Field, Jumps Three Fences to Elude Cops.  I have never seen anyone make it that far
360 Degree view of Wembley Stadium - try to find the big boobs fan
NHL demands $89,000 from Montreal restaurant
Wikipedia'd Omer Asik during last night's Bulls/Heat game. Check out the picture.
Former Villanova basketball player comes out.
Before every game I doodoo.  I doodoo and then listen to Katy Perry.
Wikipedia loves Dirk Nowitzki.
I just don't understand stats sometimes! The Mets are tied for 7th in the league with 11 caught stealing. Is that a good thing or a bad thing?!
Foreign baseball players in NPB (Japan) now eligible for rookie of the year (x-post from r/Japan)
Derek Boogaard's death raises questions about head injuries in NHL 
Sir Charles Barkley: Any professional athlete who gets on TV or radio and says he never played with a gay guy is a stone-freakin’ idiot. 
Honest question, no offense intended:  Seattle sports fans, how do you feel about the Thunder and their success?
Strangest Sports Mugshots of All-Time
Recap: Bulls-Heat regular season highlights
Marquez agrees to terms for third fight with Pacquiao
Le 2018 Ryder Cup with be played at Le Golf Course in France
Forget showering the coach with gatorade, shower them with BEER!
DODGERS UPDATE:  Jamie McCourt is expected to ask judge to order sale of the Dodgers
A battle. 
Magic Door
Why American soccer fans are the best fans in sports
OU starting linebacker Austin Box found unresponsive, dies later at hospital. Sad situation. Please send your thoughts and prayers to Norman, OK
Ex-teammate says Lance Armstrong doped during the 1999 Tour and before the race in 2000 and 2001.
Ex-teammate says Lance Armstrong cheated
Meanwhile, in Japan...
Bart Scott: We're now on the verge of insanity.
Why is the capacity larger at Fenway Park when it is a night game rather then a day game?
Dodger beating suspect arrested by LAPD
Crazy Hockey Save
Autopsy reveals no cause of death for Macho Man
Diagram and video of Messi's 11 Champions League goals this season.
Every time the Lightning win, I can't help but think of this. 
25% of the performers in Wrestlemania VII are dead, including the Big Boss Man and Earthquake.
NFL’s Ray Lewis Says There Will Be A Crime Wave If The NFL Lockout Continues
Neurologists Implore Professional Athletes To Wait Until They Are Dead To Send In Brains For Research

Drake Bulldogs win first ever collegiate football game...in Africa.
Joakim Noah fined 50k for calling fan a fag.  I don't support or use that type of language but saying it in a highly emotional situation should not warrant that type of money.
Behind The Seven-Iron Curtain: Playing The North Korean Golf Open
Glad someone compiled this so quick, best save I've seen all playoffs. Tim Thomas in Game 5 of Bruins/Lightning
Commercial makes me cringe everytime
What Is This I Don't Even.... (pic)
Dream Team of Chicks Footballers (Soccer) of Had Affairs with...
Joe Buck seems to be universally hated as a broadcaster. Why, then, does Fox keep him on? 
One step closer to a Mavs-Heat final.
Lakers new Head Coach, Mike Brown
No Miss Ski can't be stopped
I wish I could retire at age 10
1K and counting
I'm sorry. I apologize. I have totally let you down. 
Hail storm causes evacuation of Ranger's Ballpark
The San Francisco Giants and the Boston Red Sox announce RedSox/Giants Alliance campaigning for the 2011 All Star Game ballot.
Slapstick Soccer Goal
Chances of Rubio Joining T-Wolves Ninety Percent
Mets’ new owner David Einhorn won $660,000 in World Series of Poker and donated it to charity
I never played or watched much basketball so I don't really know all the rules. But is anything in basketball not a foul?
T-Mac. Totally worth it.
South Park Lampoons The NCAA’s Slave Trade
This may be a stupid question...
With Buster Posey out for the season after a collision-play at the plate, is it time for the league to change the rules?
Who is the best white, American NBA player currently?
Heat win Game 5, going to face Dallas in the Finals. Who ya got?
TIL almost 80% of NFL retirees flirt with bankruptcy, almost 60% of NBA players too. WTF?
OKC Thunder run has been like first-dating experience...
Let's go Red Sox!!
Super 15 Rugby - Set Moves 2011
Mohamed Bin Hammam pulls out of FIFA race before bribery case
Incredible, heart-breaking article on the life and death of Derek Boogaard.
Should Steelers bring back Plax?
UF Pitcher Almost Gets His Head Knocked Off By a Throw From the Catcher
What is the best really slow motion sports footage video you have ever seen?
Coke 600 comes down to the final turn.  Unbelievable finish.
In honor of this kid. What are some of the worst/most ridiculous names in the history of sports?
Great article on NBA.com in defense of Lebron, post-Decision.
This makes me sad...one player has this much cred...
TIL Urban Meyer was a 13th round pick by the Atlanta Braves
Travelling to Germany this year, how can I still keep in loop with the sports world?
What's your favorite stadium food?
new HIGH dive record set...
Interesting perspective: Dallas Mavericks, Mark Cuban Are The REAL Villains Entering The NBA Finals
Here come the Jets!
The art of football form tackling
SI investigation into Ohio State reveals eight-year pattern of violations under Jim Tressel.
Classic photos of drag racing legends Snake and Mongoose, who are the subject of a new NHRA-sponsored film coming out in 2012.
Good timing?
Anyone else catch the song playing for the introduction of the Dallas Mavericks tonight?
I'm looking for writers for a new sports blogging network I'm launching
Can take a punch....
Anybody have a grip on the NFL Player lockout?  Updates?  Guess just wondering as a fan if there will be a season at all.  
This awkward young man would grow up to be known as The Sports Guy
Terrific column by Jason Whitlock: Blacks must follow gays' lead in promoting self-respect through sports.
Shaq to retire after 19 years in the NBA
Is it as bad everywhere as it is at Ohio State?
I'm glad Shaquille O'Neal is retiring. He was a great player and had a great career but it was kind of pitiful to watch him play nowadays. Now....
Spurrier: Pay SEC players $300/Game
Report: Ricky Rubio agrees to play with Minnesota Timberwolves next season - ESPN
Ricky Rubio to finally join T-Wolves next season.
They have the best record in the American League, despite having one of the lowest payrolls. And they currently lead their division by a healthy margin.
Not sure if I should get my hopes up...
The most exciting moment in Mariners baseball since 2001
Some pro athlete's do give back, Braylon Edwards paying college tuition for 100 students.
I know the wordplay on sports sites is never great, but this one...
SCUMBAG MCCOURT
Tebow on the Daily Show
This hurt my ears to listen to on my way into work today. Stay off Radio Bro. [Mike n Mike interview w/Ron Harper]
even the ducks are excited about the Bruins
The San Francisco Giants release their ‘It Gets Better’ ad
3.2M people watched FOX's coverage of UEFA soccer final (scroll to Stats for story)
Shaq announces retirement, will miss free throws - Yahoo! Sports Video
Pics Prove Scott Cousins Avoided Home Plate To Demolish Buster Posey
Mavs looks to take control as they head back to Dallas. 
Torii Hunter goes over the wall and takes out an old man!
Burrows scores seconds into OT and Canucks win game 2 of the Stanley cup finals!  Leading 2-0
MANSOUR BAHRAMI - Tennis' Greatest Entertainer
Pujols is back! sweeps the Cubs with his 2nd walk-off HR in as many days
A Mystery Candidate For The Knicks GM Job
Since the year 2000, who is the least star worthy player to win a finals MVP in one of the 4 major sports?
The case against Lance Armstrong.
Instead of Best of 7 Games for the NBA Finals, why not make it most points scored in 7 games. That way there would always be 7 games and everyone would make more money on selling tickets to the games?
Worst football (soccer) miss in history? (video x-post from r/funny)
What sport is as graceful as rowing? SRAA Youth National Championship
Lenny Dykstra Charged With Drug Possession, GTA
Why does everyone seem to hate the Busch brothers in NASCAR?
Djokovics and McEnroe are truly amazing
A look at whats in store for the New Jersey Nets
Doesn't quite look like the guy to represent sports for 
the USA around the globe.
Golden State Warriors commit themselves to another  year of ignominy
The All-Jewish Basketball Team
Tim Donaghy Assesses Mavs-Heat Game 3 Calls
Floyd Mayweather Jr. to fight Victor Ortiz on September 17
Kissinger to advise FIFA ethics committee.  Yes, you read that right.
ESPN is trying to villainize Michael Crabtree over the 49ers QB situation.  Read his comments, understand that Alex Smith lost his starting job last year and that they drafted a new QB, and then watch their video.  ESPN creates drama and makes sports a soap opera to generate more interest and MONEY.
DAE think that the jumping chest/back/booty bump is the stupidest celebration ever?
The Curse of the Blue Jays (not blogspam if I dont link to my blog, right?)
Jordan was so competitive he wouldn't even let Dirk have the higher temperature (103 v. 102) 
Best Sports Villains in History
Tim Donaghy On Game 4: Let's Marvel At Chris Bosh's Restless Pivot Foot
Thursday, June 9, 2011. “The president was a real cool guy.”
Tour 2011 - 11 stage: Blaye les Mines - Lavaur 167,5 km
Usain Bolt: I'm good enough to play pro football for Man Utd
R.I.P. Mike Mitchell. Ex basketball player died at 55
Lebron VS KG
Al Jazeera covering the NBA Finals for the first time ever
Joel Anthony=LeBron? I can't be the only one who sees this
Charles Barkley to try a left-handed golf swing, since the right-handed one obviously wasn't working for him
Video: LeBron James and Dwyane Wade pretend to be sick, appear to mock Dirk Nowitzki (x-post from r/nba)
Jason McElwain
LeBron James Disappoints In Biggest Game Of His Life
Every NBA Championship Ring Ever. 
Best Athlete to follow on Twitter?
Buster Olney ripped the A's today so I sent it to my buddy who is a huge Oakland A's fan. Didn't expect this very well thought out reply... 
I'm just impressed that he got away with it.
What are they chanting in Vancouver tonight?
It is impossible to hate this man. 
I'm a Canucks fan and my nerves are shot to hell. 
I feel myself drifting towards Rugby Union and Lacrosse though I have never been or played either sport. Am I becoming a sports hipster?
Andy Irons died of heart attack, drugs
Should Ohio State Lose Their Entire 2010 Season? 
Combination of brilliant engineering and pure luck are the only reason these people standing behind the guard rail are still alive.
Man behind latest Ohio State allegation boasted of connections to Terrelle Pryor and other players 
Tour: Besse-et-Saint-Anastaise
Tour 2011 - 8 tstage: Aigurande &amp;gt; Super-Besse Sancy 189 km
MotoGp: team standings
It was obvious from the start. Dallas is taking the Finals in six. 
what was up with dirk nowitzki running off the court after the buzzer
Submitted this 2 months ago, try this again...
DAE think Lebron will never win a title?
Lebron's finals performance reminded me a lot of this
Lebron's newest sponsorship
Dirk and Dwyane, chillin on my fridge [pic]
How I feel about Lebron right now. 
Dirk and the Dominoes
Mavs celebrate championship in same place where Lebron's mother got arrested. Also; Lil' Wayne.
If you rated all the players in the NBA as a % of their potential. Lebron James would be in the lowest quartile.
Fireworks boxing is the greatest sport that never caught on
Former 240lbs chainsmoker just finished 10th Ironman in 10 days
The Miami Herald ran a Macy's advertisement this morning -- congratulating the Miami Heat on winning the NBA Championship. 
I think they started the celebration a big pre-maturely.... about 11 months pre-mature.
Scumbag LeBron
I am not really that into basketball, but why does everyone seem to hate Lebron James?
So then LeBron said...
Does anyone have a high-def screenshot of Chris Bosh crying last night?
I hate on-court/on-field/on-ice interviews.
Mavs might not get championship rings. According to Cuban, Rings are done. It's time to take it to the next level.
Loungo would have made that save in game 5...too bad it was game 6 for him and he didn't make it through the 1st
Looking for an /r/trackandfield or some such
14 Greatest Sports Conspiracies. Bet #15 would've been Lebron was poisoned by Cleveland tap water
Dirk, You just won the NBA Finals, what are you going to do next?
Mark Cuban = Pimpin Pimpin
What do Lebron James' Talents and Hairline have in common? ... 
The link had Shaq and Sextape in it.  I was scared, but then this happened.
Have a desire to rank NBA teams for next year already? Official r/NBA 2011-2012 Early Early Preseason Power Rankings Submissions! Cutoff: Friday 5 pm ET
Settle our argument: What's more popular in the US... MLB vs NBA?
Crazy 30yo Lady Stalks Potential #1 NBA Draft Pick Kyrie Irving - Says She'll Release Video of Him Masturbating One Day Before Draft
Ben Crane, Bubba Watson, Rickie Fowler, &amp; Hunter Mahan have formed the PGA's exclusive boy band . . . Golf Boys
A poem about LeBitch from a longtime Mavs fan
This guy pretty much sums up why the Mavs are great...
Glorious: Canucks Fans Drown Out Gary Bettman During Trophy Presentation (video)
Vancouver Fans Riot as Canucks Lose Stanley Cup 
Trophy Designer. You're doing it right.
On oublie les galères d'organisation, de désistement et on se concentre sur le plaisir!
*Créer des évenements(match,entrainement,sorties sportives)
*Inviter vos amis : automatique
*Vous voyez facilement qui a accepté ou non
*La veille un mail est envoyé
*Google agenda, Outlook
Luongo goes from number one to zero
Screw Boston
How Lebron broke the golden rule of sports. (xpost from /r/nba and truereddit)
Lebron James: The New Decesion
Understanding Vancouver's Hockey Riot
r/Sports, I need your help to land a commentary gig on my local station!
*Boink*
Apparently I'm not the only one who was obsessed with Jason Williams and the Sacramento Kings. Good to know.
Len Bias' tragic death 25 years remains a seminal sports moment 
To any Dodger fans who have been doing your part by not paying McCourt to go to games...
Oh the 80's in posters
It's a simple question, doctor, have you ever noticed the similarities between Big Foot and Shareef Abdur Rahim
An interview with Warriors GM Larry Riley
State of Ohio moves to allow Plaxico Burress to play 
for Cleveland Browns
Will Carroll on steroids in football - the NFL has controlled public relations, MLB has controlled the substances
How do my fellow athletes here on r/sports treat hamstring injuries?
Father's Day: What I Learned from Baseball
Brand, Turner, Iguadala: Mistakes for the Sixers?
Tiki Barber, Pittsburgh Steelers bound?  Say it ain't so.
Imagine this with Yakety Sax playing...
Making a Wiffle Ball: A Connecticut Company and the Thriving Culture It Created
360 degree view of the Vancouver riots.
Dodger Fans Rejoice!
Vancouver Rioter, An Elite Canadian Athlete, Makes A Teary Confession
Ivan Nova:  8 innings, one ball hit to the outfield.
Half of these wouldn't even make Sportscenter if they were from NBA games, but still, good job advertising yourself Euroleague.
Britain united for 2012 Olympic football team.
Inside the Brain of Brett Favre [Chart]
And I thought I couldn't play ball
US vs Panama highlights, final will be at 9pm EDT on Saturday vs Mexico
2011 NBA Draft: Mindless Mock Draft
Live Pick By Pick Coverage Of The 2011 NBA Draft
An NC-17 Look at Wimbledon
Well the Knicks just made sure that Chris Singleton will be a perennial All-Star
Formula 1 Gran Premio d'Europa - Red Bull in prima fila
Tour de France 2011 - Euskaltel-Euskadi riders for the 2011 Tour de France
Rule one of advertising: Never miss an opportunity
Mikhail Prokhorov buys the New Jersey Nets, thinks he can take on Vladimir Putin.
Get ready for the World Rugby Cup watching young lads representing their country at the Junior World Rugby Cup!
The Time to Vote is Now
Baseball's demographics shift away from African Americans. Whether it's access to ball fields, the expense of equipment or opportunities in other sports, fewer African Americans are playing baseball today than in previous decades.
Incredible: Dodgers file bankruptcy
Sports reporter tries to deal pro bodybuilders drugs like Whale Growth Hormone.
Boston Bruins Announcer Dave Goucher does a trivia show by doing play-by-play for various movies with Toucher and Rich. 
What do you do to determine your fantasy draft order?
Great article on why there WILL be an NBA lockout.
ESPN3 down?
Each NFL team's most active tweeter
Doug Gottlieb has a plan to increase Major League Baseball's popularity, and it involves gambling
And That Was the Worst Baserunning in the History of the Game!  (Giants fans don't watch)
Tony Delk scored 53 points in a game? Hah. Good one.
North Korea's Explanation for Losing its Soccer Game Yesterday? When we stayed in Pyongyang during training our players were hit by lightning
Actor Charlie Sheen admits steroid use during 'Major League'
Closest thing to a MMApedia
Don't argue with parking attendants in NYC...Star athlete stabbed to death after high school graduation
My DaD Met Chocolate Al. He is a fighter on u.F.c.
The Point Forward - Behind-the-scenes details of ‘The Decision’
In anticipation of the All-Star break, here is a very comprehensive archive of baseball gifs
Djokovic imitates Sharapova and Nadal
Ortiz and Fielder will pick home run derby participants
In your opinion Reddit, how do we get back at sports for the lockouts?
We have lost our way
Michael Jordan 1980 Love Letter Emerges
Explain the lockout, in 'regular' but unbiased terms?
American Football in the UK - London Blitz in the EFAF Cup Final this Weekend
Yahoo Sports investigation of Oregon Ducks recruits including LaMichael James
De Gea transferring complete. United have complete their third signing of summer David De Gea for 5 year deal.
Statistically, Kyle Davies is one of the worst pitchers of all time. So, why do the Royals insist on having him in the rotation?
Thought this would be of interest to r/sports: A way to get (some) ESPN Insider content for free.
Minor League Baseball Team, Dayton Dragons, sets U.S. professional sports consecutive sell-out record with their 815th consecutive sell-out, surpassing the 1977-1995 Portland Trailblazers.
Fuck the Fighting Swooshes and their cheating ways
Best All-rounder Ever!!
Anyone following the World Championship of American Football?
my friend has a blog and you should let him know what you guys think, he's dying for some feedback!
How bad are nosebleed seats?
Who should Fielder and Ortiz pick for the HR Derby?
Woman's world cup fever
Kyrie Irving has already gotten himself in a weird Twitter beef 
TIL Ahmad Rashad aka Bobby Moore was a pro-bowl receiver for the Vikings
Funny Point From Rally for Relief 2011 Held At Australian Open
Texas Rangers sign 16 year old to 5 Million dollar deal.
Athlete's Breakups and Exes
RBNY's Luke Rodgers scores from a classy volley
Twitter 140: Must-Follow Sports Personalities (according to CBS Sports)
Good news for US soccer?
NY Daily News studies the tape and finds Takeru Kobayashi did not set the world record
Red Wings Defenseman Mike Commodore Considering Jersey Number 64
to the fans of expansion teams...
Red Sox go back-to-back-to-back against the Orioles.
Only 2 more to go Jeter
Ohio State Vacates 2010 Season.
Can someone post some good videos of the orioles/red sox fight tonight (7/8/11)?
Spain has a dream start
Woodbridge, Conn. woman, 67, looks to break record in English Channel Swim (video)- The New Haven Register - Serving New Haven, Connecticut
Everything You Need To Know About Derek Jeter's 3,000th Hit Edition
How I feel whenever Chone Figgins is in the Mariners starting lineup. In ever!
Red flag? Kentucky’s inaugural Sprint Cup race marred by lengthy traffic delays
How I feel about this World Cup Soccer ref
Johnny Hoogerland, finished todays stage in the Tour de France first with injuries!
Amazing goal in 122nd minute - USA vs. Brazil (2011 Women's World Cup)
Adam Pac Man Jones got arrested again early this morning.  Check out his new mug shot.
Pete Rose needs more money
Japan vs. Austria gridiron football highlights [vid]
The Big... Analyst?
This would be Brandon Meriweather's new rap single
Who will win the Home Run Derby? A flawed (lol) guess using process of elimination
Austin Rivers is going to be very...very...good.
TIL Never mess with a Japanese telephone pole
Is anyone else as annoyed by Chris Berman's excitement at every damn home run?!
DAE just see that jerk off rip the baseball out of a kid's hands at the home run derby?
How To Keep Your  IBF Super Middleweight Title &gt;&gt;&gt;Obvious Match Fix
Amazing - ‪David Beckham scores goal off of a corner kick‬‏
US Women's GK Hope Solo's father, her biggest supporter, was an ever bigger enigma. He lived in a tent, homeless and kept changing his name. 
An interesting excerpt from Mike Leach's book about his demise
Floyd Mayweather Burns a $100 Bill on Video. Isn't that illegal?
What is your favorite sports moment?
Who do you think has the best chance of winning the British Open?
Am I the only one who is confused about why they're making Moneyball into a movie?
May I ask all of you... Why the hell is FIFA World Cup only every 4 years? waiting KILLS ME!
I still wince every time I watch this
Football officials told to cool it on celebration calls
MLS soccer San Jose Earthquakes goalie David Bingham scores from 90 yards out 
Tour de France Fails
So apparently James Harrison is an angry, angry man...as if you were unaware.
Goal!!! SF Celebrates USA Wins 3-1 SLIDESHOW
Does Joe Buck remind anyone else of an Elcor from Mass Effect?
SOCCER FANS, has anyone played it like this before ?
Opening Monologue at the ESPY awards by Seth Meyers.
Remember the guy who caught Jeter's 300th hit? He's not doing too bad.
The Open 2011: Royal St George's hole-by-hole interactive guide | Sport | guardian.co.uk
A fan of every team at the All Star Game.
Judge declares mistrial in Roger Clemens case
Judge declares mistrial in Roger Clemens case after prosecution shows barred Laura Pettitte video
Mark Reynolds, internet meme?
College Football Predictions 2011-2012
Should the NBA seek parity?
Earthquakes goalkeeper David Bingham score a goal...from in his own box!
Did UT’s Top A.D. Candidate Just Nuke Himself?
'Extreme ironing' practitioners have ironed clothing in canoes, atop mountains, while skiing or snowboarding and underneath the iced surface of frozen lakes.
Anyone have a link to a good stream for someone to view the USA - Japan game outside of the US? (Other than ESPN3)
Tug of War Happening in Pro Sports Over Tolerance of Gays
Lawyers for NFL, players working to end lockout
Diana Nyad: Swim of a Lifetime. US to Cuba without a shark cage
Nice photography covering a range of sports (x-post from /r/soccer)
Source:  Packers are telling players to be ready to show up on Saturday; Lockout may be ending
I see your Alex Morgan and raise you Laisa Andrioli. NSFW
guy gets back on bike like boss after crazy motocross crash
On Wednesday in Fairbanks, Alaska, organizers of the World Eskimo-Indian Olympics will mark the event's 50th anniversary by reviving four vintage games and allowing non-indigenous contestants to participate. 
check out this motorcrosser get gnarly and keep right on riding
Detroit Lions Playoff-bound?
Why does Israel play basketball and soccer in Europe and not Asia?
Eagles QB Kevin Kolb shopping for real estate in Arizona. 
Would NFL video games be better if published by 2K Sports?
NFL cancels Chicago Bears vs. St. Louis Rams Hall of Fame game - ESPN Chicago
Discus
NBA players to Turkish league, why?
The Carrier Classic is a go! This is a cool way to honor veterans (with no cost to the taxpayers!)
BRITISH REDDITORS
Experts think that Roger Clemens will face 2nd perjury trial
Olympic Countdown: 1 year to go to London Olympics
Yankees Talking To Several Teams About Robinson Cano: ‘He’s Good And We’re Going To Keep Him’
23 years later, and this Dennis Johnson double-dribble no-call still pisses me off. 
The Big Picture - 2011 Tour de France
U.S. men reach quarterfinals at water polo World Championships
Woeful backheel from Mario Balotelli is disrespectful not to mention embarrassing to watch
The freefall continues: Tiger Woods drops out of the world top 20 - Devil Ball Golf - Golf Blog
Manny Pacquiao meets NBA stars.  Chris Paul then trys to box him lol.
NFL Report: Ex-Kansas Jayhawk Football Player Picked Up by Denver Broncos
Olympic silver medalist Jeret Speedy Peterson has killed himself in an isolated canyon
Kobe Bryant assists Derrick Rose on an alley oop
Jalen Rose gets 20 days of jail time for DUI
Time For Tiger Woods To Shut It Down For The Season
Pirates brass file complaint over 19-inning loss
July 22, 2011, Usain Bolt's come from behind win in 100M, up close slow-mo view (starts at 1:55)
My coworkers dad, 57, just finished riding his bike across the country. Here's his blog (with photos).
Butch Davis fired.
To everyone on Reddit who thinks Jerry Meals is the worst thing ever to happen to baseball, please read this article.  Thank you.
Carlos Beltran traded to San Francisco Giants
Sydney Rice, The Seattle Seahawk
Who watched the MLS - Man U Match? AWESOME Adidas Commercial. Song = Fools Rhythm by Two Fingers
Why You Should Stop Trusting Twitter
Reddit: where Star Wars and Sports collide.
Chris Jones on the body-shot knockout - Grantland
Taxi for Bradley! Bob Bradly is out as USMNT coach!
Amazing Lacrosse Save
Hideki Irabu found dead.
Colts kicker Pat McAfee kicks field goals of 65, 70, &amp; 75 yards. (article + video)
Texans make 5 year deal with Johnathan Joseph... Nnamdi is one step closer to being a Jet!
Cardinals take a big gamble on Kolb - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Tiger Woods vs Mike Vick
This makes me long for a dominant Tiger Woods again.
Bucs sign punter Mike Koenen to a 6 yr/ $19.5 million contract and yes, you read that right
Is Ochocinco a team Player?
Soccer Throw-In
Troubled Spanish bank puts up football players Ronald and Kaka as collateral
Ugandan Little League team strikes out on trip to World Series because of visas, age issue
With the new NFL rookie wage scale and minimum limit on cap spending, does it really look like Vets are getting more money?
Flying squirrel - Wrestler Elllis Coleman leaps, grabs, lands and performs a two-pronged takedown.
Questions surround oft-injured Erik Bedard
Is there a site where you can look up different players contract terms?
Lingerie Basketball League Where Beauty Meets the 
Hardwood
Winners, losers and tweeners from trade deadline - MLB - Yahoo! Sports
Current/former college or pro baseball players: If you're not allowed to argue balls and strikes, what exactly are you saying to the ump when he makes a bad call?
Anthony Kim Bounces Back
Nike Basketball Commercial
The 7 Biggest Basketball Dunk Failures
‪Kobe Bryant scores own goal at Mia Hamm charity game‬‏
Game's shifting strategies leaves Beane, sage of Moneyball, behind.
r/Sports Fantasy Football League
Post a link to an amazing play you think everybody should watch!
Ellsbury walk-off blast 08.03.11
What better to do at 5am?
LeBron James uses Twitter to support Tim Tebow
Has anyone ever ordered a jersey from www.jerseysonline.org?
Fatty Full Of Grace
xpost: IAmA request: someone who has thrown back a home-run ball
Announcing the new redesign of /r/buccaneers, for all you Tampa Bay fans.  Come join us!
MLB warns players: Stop spraying liquid deer antler into your mouths
TIL that the 61 homeruns Roger Maris hit in 1961 represented 22% of his career total and it was the only time he topped 40  
Tragic pickup hoops injury could cost recruit his Big East future: A Notre Dame basketball recruit is finding his future in jeopardy because he did exactly what he was supposed to over the summer: He stayed out of trouble and kept playing basketball.
The search for baseball's fattest man
Tony Campana Inside the Park Homerun - At Wrigley Field!
In your opinion, which sport gives the greatest advantage to the home team?
Brandon Marshall's Struggles with BP
Take THAT little children
Ankle/Foot Injury
What Happens to the Big XII in 2012 and Beyond
 US woman Diana Nyad abandons swim from Cuba to Florida
Women continue to struggle to break in as officials at the highest levels of sports.
Shakira knows how to golf
Kevin Durant is back, this time with a great dunk at the Melo League
90's Era Sports Stars Ask You To Keep It In Your Pants In The Most 90's Era Way Possible...
some catch!
European basketball fans, are you excited to see all these stars moving over to Europe this year?
The Phoenix Fire -- a professional soccer team that never actually played a game.
Ray Lewis gives speech to Elon football team.  Epicness ensues.
Seattle Mariners, Seahawks, Storm and Sounders release an 'It Gets Better' video
this might be the saddest sporting related video of all time (xpost r/formula1)
Reddit, I have a question that I can't find the answer to. Baseball related. 
wow he got up there
Past [PGA] Champions Dinner...not sure if u can spot me?
State of USA basketball circa 1992.  Gives me chills 
just thinking about being in that gym.
US skier kicked off team after urinating on someone on a JetBlue flight...
Has there ever been a QB that could throw with both hands?
Emotional Rodman caps Hall of Fame ceremony - NBA
My New Sports Blog.
Riots force London to get real over 2012 Olympics 
Tell us how you really feel about the officiating
How young is too young for sports training?
Soriano says he confronted Zambrano before he walked out
Crafting a Modern Day USA Dream Team
When and how did yahoo! sports become  a traffic jaggaurnant?
Here's one columnists view how college football conferences should look
Ball Hits Colorado Rockies Coach Hit in Face, Breaks His Nose
Jets' Mark Sanchez: 'I wanted to fight' coach Rex Ryan
Blake Griffin on Casey Anthony
It's not crazy, it's sports
Whole new meaning to puke and rally messi
Kimbo Slice Knocks out James Wade in 17 second in his Professional Boxing debut
Everything that made Ronnie Lott great is now pretty much illegal in the NFL
Eli Manning said he's in the same class as Brady?!?! what was Eli smoking in the off season?
Umpire stops game to tell 2 guys to turn off their jackets...
The U
 NCAA Rule Change -- Student athletes   can now get free transportation to teammates funerals
College sports's terribly broken system
Idea's on how major college football would work without the NCAA.
American and Chinese basketball players brawl
Went to the [American]Football Hall of Fame, photo-album of 150+ pictures I took there.
Delonte West wants to work at Home Depot - somewhere, Lebron must be smiling.
George Carlin: Baseball vs. Football
How Goodell and Dungy convinced Vick to come to Philly
Taking Small Children to Sporting Events: An ‘Away From the Action’ Guide for Moms and Dads
Texas Supreme Court Agrees to Hear Arguments in Lawsuit of Former Texas Tech FB Coach Leach
A long road to Paris-Brest-Paris--the ultimate marathon cycling event
2 shot in SF parking lot after Raiders-49ers game - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Death, taxes and...
Usain Bolt confident of another 3 gold medals in Daegu 
U.S. will not bid to host 2020 Olympics 
Sehorn's Awsome Interception 
[A] faceless factory of slideshows and sportswriting gruel, and nothing more BleacherReport attempting to improve
The Michigan Wolverines will have the best offense in the Big 10 this year, and here's why....
Let's play a game: Find a relatively obscure sports figure with interesting facts in their Personal section on Wikipedia.
Matt Holliday of St. Louis Cardinals exits game after moth gets stuck in ear 
Starting Young: 12 Amazing Child Sports Prodigies
Nasri to Manchester City
Pat Summitt diagnosed with dementia, plans to coach this season
Moth flies into Matt Holidays ear, removes him from game. Here are his jokes about it. 
The 10 Most Demeaning Basketball Highlights of the Summer 
Spain drops to #2, Netherlands rises to #1 in the latest world rankings
Packers announce Lambeau expansion plans
Guys, I just heard this at a football game, and I lol'd out loud.
The KING's Speeches
Well.... $400k is a long ways away.
Ed Reed is happy, but ESPN, it's definitely Thursday, not Monday. They're even using the theme music!!! 
Huntington Beach Little Leaguers 
Ever feel a tennis rivalry might be the most meaningful relationship you could have in life?
There's over a month left in MLB and only 2 playoff spots aren't decided....
Hey r/Sports, which sport do you feel has the worst announcing/commentating...
Former NBA player Javaris Crittento (once suspended for guns in locker room) charged with murder. 
As someone who already thought ESPN airing the little league world series was creepy, this just made it worse.
In B.C.S., Popularity and Pedigree Matter - NYTimes.com
What are some of your favorite sports blogs/websites?
An other soccer fail
Bolt's false start triggered by gold medalist Blake? What do you think?
It's the taking part that counts
Today, Tom Kowalski died in his home unexpectedly at the age of 51.  For all you Lions and NFL fans out there here is his tribute.  R.I.P.  Tom, you will be sorely missed.
Would anyone be interested in a r/sportsgaming?
Chelsea vs Arsenal
A whole new side of Jeremy Shockey
'Blade Runner' Pistorius fails to make finals in Worlds 400m
College Football Player Died From Head Trauma, Father Says - NYT
Minor league broadcaster pays homage to radio tradition, calls game using only basic text updates (x-post baseball)
Mangold vs Kesler: Who is the photobombing king? 
U2, Gaelic Football, And The Price Of Fame In Ireland - Forbes
Mets Deal wit Einhorn called off.
Wade Belak, Rick Rypien, and Mental Illness: Sometimes You Lose the War…
NHL and NHLPA to look into player peaths
As Ozil scores for Germany, Klose handles the celebrating 
Someone at Eidos Montreal is still bitter about losing the Expos...
TIL Bear Bryant received 1.5 votes for the Democratic Party Presidential nomination at the extremely contentious 1968 Democratic Convention
Usain Bolt Does The 'Happy Dance' After Winning World 200m Gold - World Athletics 2011, Usain Bolt stormed to World 200m gold in the third fastest time of his life to put the nightmare of his 100m disqualification behind him
New CFB Unis
Charles Conlon: The Unheralded Baseball Photographer - Stalwarts of early 20th-century sports pages, Conlon’s photos of the national pastime have their second chance at the plate 
RIP Lee Roy Selmon
Is it possible to buy espn or fsn packages for my computer? I don't watch much cable other than sports. Is there any way to buy just those online? Through espn or other sports station/company?
Crossing the Gateshead Millennium Bridge on a trials 
bike - Julien Dupont
FUCK YOU NFL.COM, my draft is in twenty minutes!
RJ's 2011 NFL Picks: Final Regular Season Standings And Playoff Teams 
Ni Hao! Time for Dodger Baseball!
Rugby World Cup 2007 Best Tries. RWC 2011 starts in less than 3 days time.
Why are people so interested in the girlfriend/wife of pro athletes?
Canada Goose Jackets – What the Inuit Taught Us About Keeping Warm | Business News
Who should host the 2020 Olympics: Baku, Doha, Istanbul, Madrid, Rome, or Tokyo?
Panthers Name Cam Newton Starting QB Because Everybody Seems To Think They Should
Driver picks up his own wheel in Qualifying at ALMS Baltimore 2011
Golf Gods or Best Shot Ever? 
A&amp;M can eat it
Quick question about public relations
What are your favorite snowboarding sites, blogs, channels, etc?
Reggie Miller plays Reggie Miller to Reggie Miller's Reggie Miller
Awesome: NFL Film's Super Bowl Sound FX 
Hate the increasing amount of traffic jams? Your not alone. It even seems to be happening on racetracks now!
Rumors fly about Notre Dame and Texas football landing in Big Ten by 2014 if major changes hit
TIL Rafael Nadal is right handed but plays tennis left handed.
Pullman WA Mayor Glenn Johnson Displays Bad Sportsmanship in Football Blowout 
Will scammers and frauds win the Rugby World Cup 2011? They've probably got a better chance than England after today's performance!
Excellent story on how football (and Drogba specifically) stopped a war in Africa
Novak Djokovic Dances Upon Request From Reporter After Beating Roger Federer
Aaaaaaah (X-post from r/nfl)
NFL Films Presents: Beast Mode (Brought to You By Marshawn Lynch)
Why do England always lose? 
Can't access ESPN site?
Rays rookies forced to dress up like college halloween party. Mario, Luigi, Angry Bird, Sexy Cop?!?
US Open Final start in 5 mins, where can i stream it (in canada)?
Really embarassing penalty kick. Possibly the worst I've ever seen.
Blackhawks Jonathan Toews Knocks Kid out at Youth Hockey Camp
Manny Ramirez arrested in Fla., now in custody. 
Anybody have an explanation for this?
Is anyone a fan of minor league baseball?
Manny Ramirez isn't hitting balls anymore!
Is it just me or is Trent Dilfer setting himself up to be the next generation's John Madden....
Djokovic is utterly dominating the No. 2-ranked player, who dominates the player (Federer) who is considered by many to be the best player in history.
Brady vs. Jeter, etc.
The scientist in charge of anti-doping at next year's London Olympics says the games will be the toughest yet for cheats.
TIL during the dot-com heyday, Mark Cuban sold Broadcast.com to Yahoo for a cool $5.7 billion. The question is, do you respect his business-savvy more than you hate his obnoxious banter?
Boise State gets three years of probation for NCAA violations
Nets' Johnson: Russia hockey crash 'devastating'
2011 U.S. Open -- Novak Djokovic downs Rafael Nadal to win U.S. Open - ESPN
The best seasons for sports teams
Janikowski ties record for longest FG mark, Raiders top Broncos 23-20
This just in: Skip Bayless is a dick (and I wish Chris Bosh had pulled a Jim Everett on him)
Foul tip causes sparks to literally fly from Avila's facemask
Sebastian Janikowski's 63 yard field goal was THE LONGEST 63 yard field goal in history
Still one of the best puns in SportsCenter history [repost]
Ranger fan snags ball while on cell phone.
NBA lockout -- Derek Fisher of Los Angeles Lakers emails players, says owners have rift - ESPN Los Angeles
NFL wants pat downs from ankles up at all stadiums
I'll knock out Victor Ortiz - Floyd Mayweather
X-Post from r/Videos - RELATING TO RACE -  I feel like this is very relevant in sports world as well as just in society as a whole
Ram Rules!
Death knell of the Big East: Big 12 admin says Pitt and 'Cuse will be announced as ACC members tomorrow.
can someone please make a gif of Bob Stoops reaction to the field goal that barely went in during the Oklahoma Florida State game?
HD video of Bob Stoops' facepalm
Bob Stಠ_ಠps priceless reaction
ACC accepts Syracuse, Pitt for 14-team league
New York Jets vs Jacksonville Jaguars live nfl 2011 Live 
Bill Polian of the Colts Was Scouting Andrew Luck Last Weekend … Or Maybe Visiting His Son
Was Ortiz a buffoon for not protecting himself or was it a cheap shot by Mayweather?
The NFL replay review rules have made the play reviewer more powerful than the new Super Congress team. There is no veto override for non-calls.
Mariano Rivera sets all-time saves record (602) at home.
The ref was *totally* in control during Saturday's fight.
God Damn Redsox......
Is your NFL team worth more than a small nation?
30 of MLB's strangest injuries
Thief steals glasses off Ernie Harwell statue outside Comerica Park. God damnit, humanity.
Destiny in own hands, Red Sox see opportunity
Brian Wilson goes back to the future
Where can I go to watch sporting events that are not available in my area? (preferably free)
NYG's Deon Grant says he wouldn't fake an injury
College Football: Realignment Can't Make You Smarter
Cardinals win 12th of 14 to cut Braves' wild card lead to 1.5 games
Best ending to a high school football game EVER!!
Soil &amp; Wac Testing Services
An oral history of the 1987 fight between Marvelous Marvin Hagler and Sugar Ray Leonard
If the Redsox make the playoffs... This collapse could be the catalyst for a great playoff run to the World Series...!
The flak jacket Tony Romo will wear this Sunday (if he plays)
Visit NRA Hunter Services at Great Frederick Fair in Maryland
BBC Sport - Surrey victors in the CB40 final as Somerset fail again
Former Ravens Player Orlando Brown Found Dead
58 of the best Football tailgating vehicles
The Worst Best Sports Movies List of All Time?
Start These 10 Fantasy Football Players In Week 3
Oddly Specific: They’re Trying To Do Long Division! Get ‘Em! - Epic Fail Funny Videos and Funny Pictures
BBC Sport - Seve Trophy 2011: GB&amp;I lead Continental Europe by five
BBC Sport - Rugby World Cup 2011: Lewis Moody fired up to lead England
Marquis Maze Punt Return for Touchdown
Ranieri Post Match Reaction: “This is the spirit”  
Hot chicks pick all the week 3 NFL games
Sad quote from Senna (x post from formula 1)
What is better than boobs and sports?  Sports written by a pair of boobs
Aggies officially get accepted into the SEC 
A great story about a 32 year old minor league baseball grinder: Crash Davis Rides Again
From one Minnesota sports fan to another... Lets try and enjoy the little things. I'll start
Photos of Nationals rookies dressed as smurfs is my new nightmare fuel
Wingsuit Guy Jeb Corliss' latest insane stunt, flying through a narrow rock arch in China.
Stay classy, Jamie Dukes
END FOR ANTONIO GATES!
ESPN's Catching Hell on right now.
White Sox to Joey Cora: U r fired
Foul-ball flub earns dad a death stare
Player Introductions
Batting title on line -- New York Mets' Jose Reyes pulled after hit 
NHL player Wayne Simmonds Won't Be Getting Fined for Gay Slur.
The Walter Payton we never knew.
Hometown grand jury reduces felony charges to misdemeanor against LSU QB.....LSU lifts suspension
SHOCKER : Milton Bradley arrested, charged with robbery
Everybody chill the fuck out...I got this
Ripe for some modifications. Anyone?
Most exciting challenge you've ever had! (album)
Red Sox fans, this is our nightmare...
An ode to the greatest collapse in MLB history
Goodbye Florida Marlins =(
Hey Red Sox fans
The Debut of Whoops, the Carl Crawford Apology Song 
The Best Four Minutes Of Baseball Last Night, Presented In Split Screen
As a Yankees fan I ask can we hire him ASAP because I still think he is good?
Congress wants to talk HGH with NFL 
Arkansas 6th grade football player benched for scoring too many touchdowns
Should military teams join college football conferences? Army and Navy are set to square off this weekend on the football field. They're both up for spots in the Big East conference, but will joining be beneficial?
It's my favorite part of triathlons too..
Forgive Us For Overlooking The Brewers Fan Drinking Through A Horse Mask Last Night
What happened to Bill Simmons?
What the Modern Man Isn’t, Roger Goodell
Rick Adelman To The Wolves  
Sure hope the Beavers don't get cornholed...
Football tactics?
Kevin Na's Killer Tee Shot on the 15th
My favourite clip from Balls of Steel
A Nascar crash and repair costs how much????
Hawaii has added surfing to high school sports. I can't wait for Kansas to follow suit
Homecoming Queen and Winning Field Goal on Same Night
The greatest call in MLB postseason history
What's It Like For Reporters To Cover Tony Stewart? Here's One Story
The 25 Biggest Fails in Postseason Baseball History  
Anyone looking for a good stream for Yankees VS. Tigers?
Yes Jay, you are! (crosspost from r/videos)
BBC Sport - Rugby World Cup 2011: England and Scotland make changes
What is the coolest game you've ever been to/been a part of?
Lining grass fields for sports
25 Years And Four Presidents Later, The 1985 Bears Will Finally Visit The White House
Watching the Phillies/Cardinals game...
Fitzgerald Donating $.10 to Breast Cancer Research for Each New Follower on Twitter This Month
I Want Revenge On DirecTV
Would Michael Jordan have won one more title, without Scottie Pippen, if he didn't retire for the 2nd time in 1998-99?
Exploitation, Youth Soccer, and College
Wow. That took ball.
A Football Fan Ahead of His Time by Dave McClellan
Scumbag Delmon Young
Colombian football’s rise to the ranks was due to none other than Pablo’s drug money.
Logest surf record now stands at 28 hours
Rodney Harrison tells it like it is with the whole Brett Favre situation
Loan of beater Toyota led to Boise State football player suspension -- a 1990 Toyota Camry with 177,000 miles.
Kobe Bryant burns Kwame Brown. Hard. 
New Marlins home run fountain extravaganza. Yes. I'm serious.
Are you ready for some....Barry Sanders? WTF?
Girardi made alot of coaching mistakes last night
DAE think this guy should do this for every sport?
I don't care if this is fake or not, it still looks awesome. 
Douchebag Sports News Websites
/r/sports Does anyone else hear that beeping noise in the background of sports broadcasts.
Smart Marketing: Danica Patrick starring in a commercial about a motor oil that makes any car run like a 10, even though it's a 6. Bonus: Final Countdown Ripoff.
The Insane Silverdome Plans That Could Bring MLS To The Motor City
my three ranger friends live on the coasts (or are my dad) and have gone to bed
The passing of a legend. RIP Al Davis
 Who are your week 5 picks? (Straight W/L)
Punter Has 60-Yard Touchdown Run Taken Away For Showboating His Way Into The Endzone  
Tigers vs Rangers Game 2 postponed until Monday Oct 10 @ 3:19 pm
Can someone help me figure out the legitimacy of this site?
SCUMBAG Rivals.com - one can only CALL to cancel an ONLINE subscription (you can of course sign up and INCREASE your membership options all online though).
Brewer's Beast Mode.
Nelson Cruz's game winning slam was the first grand slam to end a playoff game*
This has become my new favorite website
Move over Tiger
Lane Stadium - still a place to fear playing (seismogram from the Miami game) (x-post from VT)
12 nominations for future ‘30 for 30’-style ESPN documentaries
Report: Epstein on verge of leaving for Cubs

ALCS Game 3. Is it normal for the home plate Ump to throw balls back to the pitcher?
Looks like Epstein is heading to Chicago...
This magnificent goal that sent Estonia to the Euro playoffs 1st time in history!
I just wanted to know what it's like to feel like a pro, he said.
He'll find out Saturday.
Two years after he was exonerated of murder, the 52-year-old Bozella will make his professional boxing debut fighting as a special attraction on the Bernard Hopkins-Chad Dawson card in Los Angeles.
Every time I see Kirk Herbsteit.
Seriously?  I do this shit in the parking lot, and they get ESPN write-ups for it?  You bastards...
Raiders Acquire LB Aaron Curry from Seahawks for Draft Picks
Does anyone know where to watch the sports science piece on Calvin Johnson from MNF?
Little boy leading a whole section at a soccer game in Scotland.  Goosebumps every time.
Netherlands first Team in Baseball World Cup Final

Is Jousting the Next Extreme Sport? 
Are there any English streams of the Pan American Games?
theres nothing BIG or East about Boise State
Trent Richardson's highlight reel against Ole Miss
Goodbye, Dan - Death of Dan Wheldon
Dan Wheldon dies in horrible Indy car crash
The meaning of nepotism
Wow! I just realized why I like this tv show. It's basically reddit/r/sports.
Apparently there is a monthly magazine dedicated to the art of tailgating 
Husband gets Dodgers in McCourt divorce deal
Fake Jason Garrett gets interviewed in all 3 areas.
To those living in two-team cities...
Looks like Missouri is pretty much in the SEC now
When Coaches Attack: The Battle of Jim Schwartz vs. Jim Harbaugh!
Philadelphia Sixers Sale Approved By the NBA
Reverse Vault (x-post from r/parkour)
NBA in Jeopardy of Losing Much of Season
Remember Boxing?  That was a sport once.  Legendary call by How-ard Cos-el
Team Handball: USA Men vs. Argentina. Olympic Qualification. Today, 4 PM ET. Online Streaming. Watch. Learn. Enjoy.
The Fresh Prince of Bel Air and his wife just bought part of the 76ers 
Crazy Devin Hester punt return from college
Football/Soccer played over 500yrs ago
SANTONIO HOLMES Stopped by my high school today
Obama beating Clark Kellogg in a game of horse. [Basketball]
The 5: Great Moments in World Series History
When did SportsCenter get so bad?
Amazing Play by ESPN Top 150 High School Quarterback
No ski's, no problem
Seemingly Ordinary Football Game, Then a Player Dies
Bengals rookies Andy Dalton and A.J. Green were wired for sound as the team got its fourth win. [VIDEO]
Let's call them +5 Amulets of Baseball Enhancement. 
What aspect of any sport is lost when watching a game/match on TV, instead of in person?
UConn's Auriemma on Notre Dame and Big East: If you know you as a school have the ability to put a whole bunch of schools at ease and have the Catholic mentality of we're here to serve and help  I went to Catholic school all my life. I love Jesus and I'm not even a Republican. 
Need Help Redditors: What's the name of the box seats at your stadiums?
What's that sport called where they have a scoop-like bat players can use to carry and hit the ball and it looks like it's played more like field hockey or rugby?
Team Handball: USA vs. Mexico: Live Streaming. Starting at 9 PM ET.
Awesome double play by Elvis Andrus and Ian Kinsler to end the 4th in Game 2 of the World Series
3 losses, 2 draws : third week in European football for French clubs (x-post from r/ligue1) 
Can you name the facts about the two teams that are facing each other in the 2011 World Series?
Whip rules amended by British Horseracing Authority
Medicine Ball Workouts Drill No.2
London Calling For Bears, Bucs And Ball Control
Selig to decide on Sox compensation for Epstein. I say he gives them some Tyler Chicken.
A concise depiction of what Albert Pujols did to the Rangers tonight
Do you think Albert Pujols would be one of the highest draws, in all of sports, if he didn't have such a thick accent?
2011 World Series -- Cardinals score 4 after ump misses double-play call  
Thoughts and prayers go out to Marco Simoncelli
Three Reasons Why TV Ratings Are Down for the 2011 MLB Playoffs
Viking's Brian Robinson kicks Packers T.J. Lang in the groin provoking a confrontation between the two teams
Falcons rip Suh for taunting Matt Ryan after third-quarter injury
Who wrote that one song they always use in old NFL highlight reels: Doo-woo-woo-woooo-woo-doo-woo-woo-woooo-woo-doo-woo-woo-woooo-woo-woo?
Help! - Buying tickets for the Short Track Speed Skating World Cup
World Series Dancing Grounds Crew Member
Meet Alan Moore, who recently resumed the college education he suspended to serve his country in Vietnam. But to the surprise of many, the 61-year-old also reclaimed a spot on the school’s football team as a punter.
Crazy 3 pointer by Rudy Fernández
What online betting site do you use?
Best of the year
Google's 50 Most popular Athletes on the web 2011
Al Micheals was traded in 2006 to NBC in part for a cartoon character.
The awesome, never-before-seen animatronic puppets that let people in the 1910s watch baseball games live
A hypothetical overtime for (most) sports
Interview with JaMarcus Russell - S
Falling with Style
Today in ND History : Brad Lidge saves World Series
New York Red Bulls defeat Dallas 2-0, move on to face LA Galaxy this Sunday in MLS Playoffs
skier falls backwards off a cliff and walks away
(PHOTO) Marco Simoncelli Funeral Video
sick ski/snowboard video from the first ski resort to open in the US in 2011. Wolf Creek, CO the first week of October!
Go all out on game day with the Colorful Forest Faces! With a variety of teams available, we guarantee that you will find one of your favorite teams.
World Series ingenuity.
This is exactly why soccer will never be accepted as cool sport among mainstream non-immigrant Americans
West Virginia leaving Big 12...  Wait, what?
The 2011 Pan American Games [photos]
Wine in the locker room
I'm just going to leave this here...
Hilarious interview with CJ Wilson of the Rangers
Who is the most famous athlete in the world right now still playing?
Paterno Sets Wins Record
Watching the Georgia Tech offense chew through undefeated Clemson right now leads me to wonder what happened to the wishbone and option attacks of the past?  Are current (good) defenders too fast for this approach to work against top rate defenses?
Watch Detroit vs Denver Live Stream Online National Football League. The game will be held on 4:05 PM ET, Sunday, 30th October, 2011. Don’t miss to watch this game live online.
F1 driver lineup for 2012 nears completion as Force India moves decision forward - The Washington Post
The Colts facebook page can only wish.
Husker's D Rises...Crushes Michigan State
Jousting The Original Extreme Sport ESPN 
If a soccer player flops in the woods, is he still a wuss? Leave a Roast!
 163 riot charges recommended in Stanley Cup Riot 
Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong tweets jab at Cowboys' owner Jerry Jones. 'If I had a few hundred million bucks, I'd buy the Dallas Cowboys then get the hell outta the way, Armstrong wrote on his Twitter account. Please acquire the funds and do so Mr. Armstrong.
Miami Heat owner Micky Arison fined $500,000 for Twitter comments on labor talks
I have a friend who suffers from BCS (Bowl Cut Syndrome) and wants to become a sports analyst. It would mean a lot to him if you could like his page.
Shaq talks about rift with Kobe
No. 13 Kansas Jayhawks vs. Pitt State Gorillas: Can KU Handle Being so Thin?
Roni
Doncaster Rovers Strikers plays and scores three days after the death of his newborn son. Truly inspirational.
Legends Fantasy Football News: Week 8
Frank McCourt agrees to sell Dodgers
Scuba diving is potential below the face of water with the tool of scuba pro
Alex Ovechkin benched in final minutes of regulation
How Contempt For Tim Tebow Caused An ESPN.com Commenter Revolution and the creation of a new meme
Cubs Fire Quade - Epstein wants 'clean slate'
What's your most favorite funny sports related video?
Here's mine.
This display of sportsmanship from both teams truly is something incredible - high school senior (and team captain) with muscular dystrophy scores a touchdown in his wheelchair
Kid in a wheelchair scores a touchdown.
Former Yankees pitcher Roger Clemens on the comeback trail? 
In 2010, the Detroit Lions were the only NFL team to lose money. Something tells me that 2011 may reverse their fortune.
Big East Expansion: Struggling to Survive or Seeking to Be a Powerhouse? | Bleacher Report
GET HYPE!!: LSU v Alabama
Andrew Lucks beard is giving him him the edge in the Heisman race. He's going to win right?
I didn't realize that so many NBA players were already playing in the Euroleague [vid]
The Jets Are Being Babies About Their Thursday Night Game
Why is ping k15 driver so Hot?
First Defense Krav Maga
Guardiola returns to his roots to show off a new wave of brilliant Barça talent

I want this job in sports media, but I do not know the title name. Do you?
Leafs in first place? Hell ya
How is the Honey Badger the x-factor in LSU-Alabama?  Honey badger don't give a fuck!
TIL Canadians had there own cold war with the Russians.  Deemed hockey's cold war.  This is only part of the story.
Stream college hockey?
Boxing great Frazier severely ill
Georgia player gets stuck in hedges after scoring touchdown. Hilarity ensues
University of Missouri football fans, who agrees that Henry Josey is the man with the plan?
Basketball inventor James Naismith was born 150 years ago
The World's Longest Par 3. 
Kenyan wins NYC Marathon. Couldn't be more surprised
So proud of this Italian man. If you don't know him, better read his story.
Tiger woods former caddie says ' it was my aim to shove it up the black ar*e ' has no ban but only to issue apology
Patrick Peterson's 99 Yard Punt Return, AHORA EN ESPAÑOL :)
How do Blind People Ski? || You will never guess...
You are a Factory of Sadness!
High School QB throws 65 pass in the air with little effort.
Muhammad Ali has said he is praying for Joe Frazier following the news of his great rival's battle against cancer.
Has it really been twenty years?
Kirk Herbstreit Earthquake Face
Jerry Sandusky And The Culture Of Secrecy At Penn State
Six Questions for Nebraska
Could an average person go into a NFL game and complete a single pass with 4 downs?
DAE think Scott Van Pelt sounds/acts a bit like NPH?
Ron Washington's game 7 pre-game speech [NSFW]
Playing B-Ball FAIL...it was a great night..especially when the needle went in my face
One of the classiest things I've ever seen
Weekly college football round up, LSU beat Alabama in classic, Oklahoma go second and all the scandals from this weeks round up
Floyd Mayweather sanctioned for burning $100 bills in a night club on the day he was supposed to be in court
LSU v Alabama – Reason for Playoffs?
Season cut short for.... Bernie dancing?
Thanks Mom!
Joe Paterno comes out of his house to address fans gathered there.
NBPA attorney says owners are treating NBA players like 'plantation workers' - ESPN
Anyone else see this on the Mothership today and read it wrong?
Penn State Nittany Lions' coach Joe Paterno's legacy sullied in wake of Sandusky scandal - ESPN
what it's like to be a browns fan...
Coolest basketball jerseys of all time?
Could someone with an ESPN Insider account please provide me with the rest of this text?
Unwatchable Browns testing Cleveland's loyalty
Joe Paterno will step down at the end of the season; Penn State coach says ‘I wish I had done more’ - NY Daily News
BBC Sport - Newcastle re-name St James' Park
University administrators are making a grave mistake in allowing Paterno to wait until the end of the season to retire
Joe fired!
[audio] Joe Pa Fired
I think r/sports needs something uplifting. Here's a new article on my favorite Jordan ad
Joe Paterno has been fired. Did Penn State make the right call?
Penn State's student newspaper live-tweets the riot at PSU.
Intelligent student is interviewed by ESPN, interrupted by idiot after Joe Paterno firing 
The actual text of the Grand Jury Report from the PSU case - (PDF)
Australia all out for an embarrassing 47 runs by South Africa. Their lwoest totla in 109 years!
Greatest Thing Ever
TIL Jerry Sandusky's autobiography from 2001 is titled Touched: The Jerry Sandusky Story.
It's all over for Penn State now.
NBA PACKAGES
As many as 11 people in State College may have known about Jerry Sandusky's abuse. 
Virginia Tech at Georgia Tech Amazing game stream. With Sportscenter in the meantime
Nebraska vs Penn State A Rivalry Revisited
Top 10 Unusual Sports Venues
Best way to buy March Madness tickets?
Definitely too soon
Tampa Bay Lightning Wouldn't Strike Philly Flyers For No Man! | TicketsCanadaNews
Real sports heroes. Great athletes who defended America
I keep waiting for the Vegas sportsbooks to put odds on this one
former Penn State player(s) rallying around Jerry Sandusky, sending money for his defense in court
What is the most amazing, electric, crazy sports event you have ever been at?
Michigan State playing UNC on an aircraft carrier!!!
Of course the Premiership is the best league in the world. It's the one we watch
Austin Rivers Highlights vs Belmont
Fantastic four for super Suarez - wish he could put 4 in for liverpool every week!
Is there anything we can do to help make the NBA Lockout end??
under armour protect this house
When tennis legends were kids
How bad would Andrew Luck have to be for the rest of the season to not be the number one pick? 
SLAM ONLINE | » From the Ground Up
With such a great season coming to a close, and fantastic matchups between the top 10 during the regular season, I'm proposing #OccupyBCS
David Stern says 'greedy' agents hurting chances of NBA deal
Jay Cutler Makes Bears Superbowl Contenders
Alabama Basketball: Tide faces a tough early test against Oakland
NBAPA rejects the latest deal from the owners, Stern, will disband and file anti-trust lawsuit. 
Tragic hockey accident
Should The Feds Investigate Penn State Sex Scandal
Football coach berates students, gets to keep his job as school guidance counselor. 
Did I hear that right? Green Bay has had 297 straight sellouts.  Their stadium holds 70,000 in a town of 104,000. That's crazy.
Deaths in triathlons may not be so mysterious; panic attacks may be to blame
Intentional? Yes its southpaw vs orthodox, but it still seems like a few too many times.
What's stopping NBA players from forming their own league?
Hilarious Irish commentary for Ronan O'Gara's winning drop goal at the weekend
Announcing /r/NFLFilms - For appreciation of the documentation of the NFL of years past.
What's your opinion on fans wearing apparel of teams they don't root for (not at games just around town and such) because the logos/uniforms look cool?
San Carlo Honda to Join FTR Moto for the 2012 MotoGP
Makes Donation to Rape Crisis Center Following Offensive Tweet | UFC MONTREAL TICKETS
Crazy College Football Score - Game Ends at 95-89 after 3 Overtimes.  After Regulation, the Score was 75-75.
RIP Jamie Pierre.  Doing what he does best.
LeBron &amp; Kevin Durant Day 2 of their Akron training session (xpost from r/nba)
Joe PAterno transfers ownership of house, ...is he preparing to defend himself?
The Tennis Teachers Institute was created to provide a comprehensive resource and educational center for teachers and coaches of tennis. Our mission is to furnish each of our students the tools and knowledge that will allow them to be more effective on the court.
Washington Redskins have a running back controversy
Franco Harris stands by his old coach, and loses his new job
Great blog about football.
A Former Penn State Basketball Player Weighs In Powerfully On The Jerry Sandusky Scandal
Bmx helmets
(VIDEO)SHAK O’NEAL on Good Morning America yesterday, inside look at his mega mansion, his past relationship, new book, Kobe &amp; trying to be a doctor 
Gerrard haunted by title failure - looks like he's going to follow the likes of fowler :(
BBC Sport - Mark Bright says racism is 'still a problem' for football
Additional Wildcard spots to be added in MLB for the 2013 season.
Kenny Mayne plays Elephant Polo
Shaq was physically abused by his father, according to sports reporter Jackie MacMullin
Jesus is upset with the Broncos win over the Jets (meme)
Tebowing...
ESPN commenters sure know how to change their minds...
Painter and Elway first 7 career starts
If I were remotely connected to Oklahoma State Basketball i would never get in another plane. 
Syracuse assistant basketball coach target of child molesting allegations.
Joe Paterno has lung cancer, son says
it's hard being a Jet's fan [video]
Just to make sure everyone was aware: The new Marlins HR celebration is fucking amazing.
Carlos Tevez goes AWOL in Argentina/Manchester City Boss feels Tevez's time at the club is over!
Kemp worth $160M?
Tebow lookin' like Vegeta in recent Nike advertisement!  
Tebow vs Elway in first 8 starts
Unfortunately, by far the best thing about the 2012 Orioles will be the uniforms. The uniforms and logo came straight out of the way back machine. 
NCAA wants answers from Penn State in Jerry Sandusky scandal
Bundesliga ref attempts suicide ahead of game
Iowa State Shakes Up BCS Race
Defence Dept. has say over use of Jets logo
Oregon Ducks didn't stand a chance tonight...
Season now worth it
‎If you stare into the Abyss long enough the Abyss stares back at you.
How about those raiders? Do you believe the broncos can make a run for the playoffs or is the AFC west silver and black once again?
Pakistan for the win! :D
The fastest way to the NBA is with John Calipari and the University of Kentucky
At least we gave him a SEC East Championship to go out with.  Athens loved you Larry.
Award Of Cricket And Football
whats up outside us?
An article regarding the death of MLB player Greg Halman. He was allegedly stabbed by his brother. He was 24.
We are co-conspirators in the Penn State scandal
Interesting words by Hue Jackson, Raiders head coach. so is he right about the refrerees having it out for the Oakland raiders in regards to over- calling penalties?
Celebrity Request: Travis Pastrana attempts Formula 1. PLEASEEEEE. 
HR: Title not Mission Impossible 
Flagrant Foul: Why The NBA Faces Serious Trouble
Covering the NBC lockout
Question: If you could pick one of the teams you root for to win a championship, which would you pick- and why?
Things I Will Do When My Kids No Longer Play Sports
The hand of Mordecai Three Finger Brown, Chicago Cubs pitcher from 1904-1912
Juan Gonzalez's Hall of Fame Brochure... Hilarity Ensues
Grinnell College's Griffin Lentsch scores 89 points, a NCAA D3 record and the third most in NCAA history.
Pasco prepares for toughest test of season on Friday night 
Good call.....
Hockey Create-a-Caption: Coyote's Goalie Jason LaBarbera Loses His Favorite Balloon
2011 Turkeys Of The Year
PTI's 2011 Turkeys of the Year
Creepiest Soccer Fan Ever!
Hey r/sports, does your high school have a Thanksgiving football rival? How'd they do today?
My dad partially owns a horse through this company. Check out the name of their newest horse, he decided to pass... Nailed it? (xpost r/nfl)
So what did they just blank from the Enrique Iglesias Halftime show?
Sachin Tendulkar misses out on historic 100th century
The miraculous recovery of a paralympian cyclist
NHL hierarchy reacts to the end of the NBA lockout
I have an idea for when the NBA season starts.
How many heads?
Anybody have a proper link to stream the USC / UCLA game going on right now?
CFL Rage! Joe Kapp and Angelo Mosca fight 48 years after an on field altercation
Could the best college football teams (LSU, Alabama) beat one of the worst NFL teams (Rams, Colts)?
There was a kicking clinic in Oakland today:  an 80 yard punt and 8 field goals (two 50+ yards)!
the spot-graves-jeremy jones. these guys have lost their mind
Syracuse University fires assistant basketball coach Bernie Fine amid child molestation allegations (warning, autoplay video within link)
Nothing funnier than Elway's smile after Broncos win.

Chris Paul Closer to Becoming to a New York Knick after tentative NBA agreement!
Put 'em up! Look who I met today.
My Favorite Thing About Mondays as a Football Fan
Report: Urban Meyer to take reins at Ohio St.
Zagreb Patriots, Istanbul Cavaliers, Budapest Wolves - American football is taking over Europe!
Here's Urban Meyer's Full Six-Year, $24-Million Contract With Ohio State
Drogba looks set for Blues exit - needs to pay his bills! - what a joke!
The Halo Effect: Lessons from Penn State
The physics of a flop
Justin Combs, Diddy's Son, Commits To UCLA The Day After Its Coach Gets Canned
Byron Mullens, OKC Thunder center, plays prison ball.
Anyone else think Suh got off lightly?
If Georgia is to win the SEC Championship, what do you think they need to do?
ESPN's Bowl Game predictions.
TIL the late 7'7 former NBA player Manute Bol chipped his teeth on the rim the first time he tried to dunk after coming to the US from Sudan.
Adrian Peterson of Minnesota Vikings ruled out vs. Atlanta Falcons - ESPN
If you build it, they still might not come
Make-A-Wish honors Red Wings ...this is what real pro sports should be about.
This Phillies fan is breathing a sigh of relief...
5 Minutes Left... Get Jonathan Ogden in your living room to watch the game with you now. 
Syracuse, Penn State and the Problem with Sun Kings 
Forbes' List of Most Valuable Hockey Teams
This is reason Bobby Valentine became my favorite manager of all time.
Chris Leben suspended for one year by the UFC.
Mike Leach is the new Washington State coach
is there any value to baseball cards anymore, like old ones?
Media Outlets, Including ESPN, Kept Some Standards In The Syracuse Case -- But Not Others
Texans sign Jake Delhomme to back up Yates and Clemens. Thoughts on the season for Houston?
Why The Syracuse Post-Standard didn't give Bobby Davis' tape to police in 2003 [by the executive editor]
TIL that Jason Segel was Jason Collins' backup center on their high school basketball team.
Kurrans football tips for this weekend - Newcastle to win/draw V Chelsea, Aguero to keep scoring and Juventus to march on!
Green Bay Packers plan stock sale, fifth in team history - ESPN
Chris Paul seeks trade to New York Knicks, won't sign extension
Rebuilding in store for Browns, Ohio State
BETTING TIPS for this weekends FOOTBALL - Newcastle to Win/Draw Vs Chelsea, Aguero to keep scoring and Juventus to march on
LSWho?
Magic Johnson to pursue purchase of LA Dodgers via investor conglomerate. 
Question about dome stadiums
little kid HATES Tom Brady
Cotto-Margarito: Under the Lights
NHL Report Card: Grades for Each Team After the First Two Months of the Season
Big fight for Bisping tonight! Will the Count's dream of a middleweight title shot be any closer after TUF 14 tonight? 
SPORTS! 
London 2012 Olympic runner talks about nude Twitter picture
Tiger Woods Ends 2-Year Victory Drought
Soul Sailor: The Story of Body Sailing
The star on top of our tree 
Madonna to play Super Bowl halftime.
Is American football the only sport in the world where a lower tier of the game as popular (or more popular in some regions) than the top pro tier?
Cubs icon Santo elected to Hall of Fame
The ridiculous own goal in last second of extra time that costed Italy a spot in the futsal WC finals
NHL Reallignment Announced; Divided Into the Four Houses of Hogwarts
The 20 Fattest Players in NBA History
I don't know how many USC fans we have in r/sports, but here is a great article on why Barkley should stay
Five Finalist for the Heisman Trophy.
Ndomukang Suh just cannot get out of his own way.  New information contradicts his story to police about crash.
Tebow's got his hand in a new market...
What you might want to know about Tim Tebow 
Why the Phillies will win this year's World Series and how Lanny McDonald plays into it
The Great American BCS Boycott
Skateboarding on a very small scale... Mindblown
Magdalena Neuner - After this season is the end! (Translated to English from German with Google Translate)
Ever played in front of a jerk fan and wondered how you could retaliate (and not get banished)?
The ING NYC Marathon: The Power of Event Branding
If Albert Pujols wants a 10-year deal, Cardinals need to say goodbye
The return of Winnipeg
there is nothing on bill belichicks wiki about how he's a scumbag dogshit cheater I'm hoping someone is more motivated than me to so something about this travesty 
Need speedy help with muscle strain!
Reason Why A Marathon Training Diet Essentially Focuses On Intake Of Foods Rich In Carbohydrates
NBA alters emphasis for shooting fouls in 2011-12 - ESPN
Manchester United crash and burn out of the Champions League
[Basketball-funny] What happens when a mostly white HS team plays a mostly black team 
Oh so that's how he does it. [Via PigskinDoctors]
As a cardinals fan this how I felt after I heard about Pujols
This would help the Knicks get Chris Paul.
NBA players wrong about hot hands from three-point land
Ticketmaster Customer Service was actually awesome to me today, I bought the wrong ticket date and they fixed it within an hour...
University of Kansas to announce Charlie Weis as new head football coach Friday
After reading this garbage, I'm positive anybody could be a sport writer.  
Vonn wins first World Cup race in U.S., celebrates by Tebowing 
Not only is he entertaining, but Phoenix Coyotes' Paul Bissonnette gives the homeless a chance to attend an NHL game
Jared Allen rips on city of Detroit saying, If I had to live in Detroit, I think I’d drown myself in the river.”
MSU Basketball's Delvon Roe Gets Ass Handed to him. Wadsworth applies.
NBA scores with non-discrimination policy in labor deal.
What a weird day in L.A.
AMA: Spencer Hall and LSUFreek of EDSBS.com. (x-post from /r/cfb)
This is what I want.  Wisconsin all day as well.
David Stern: Real Men of Weakness
Paul Trade Resubmitted. Should Be A Laker By Day's End.
Video: fight breaks out during Cincinnati-Xavier game
Game Preview - L.A. Kings vs Dallas Stars
UCLA hires Jim Mora as head football coach
Source: Braun will be Vindicated
Source from Braun camp...the prohibited substance was not a performance-enhancing drug 
It's Tough Being a Vikings Fan....
Because of the politics of the Heisman Trophy we are bringing back the 'Pop Warner Award' to honor the greatest current college football player today. Please vote for your student-athlete selection below. - poll results
Broncos MVP [Fixed]
Nets owner Mikhail Prokhorov will run opposite of Putin for Russian presidency 
Michael Jordan on playing with centers Joe Kleine, Luc Longley and Bill Wennington in 1998: You know what I have to play with? He looked right at them and said, Twenty-one feet of shit
Latest McQueary Info has Massive Ramifications for all Involved
Well damn, looks like the New Jersey Nyets are going to need a new owner
You missed.
just incase you missed ufc 140.... or wanna watch the craziness again
Tebow Mania Unifying Denver People Of All Beliefs - #MoreTebowSpam
Oh lord.  Funniest thing I've read on reddit in months.
Players on the opposite team don’t believe in god, so they don’t get favors. It’s so sad, to trivialize God this way. - One of many interesting comments from a Pastor of Tim Tebow's that said God is favoring Tebow story.
ESPN Autotune - Tim Tebow - All He Does is Win
Sixth grader may be next hoops phenom
Stern coming up small
Fantasy Football Week 15 Pickups
Tim Tebow All He Does Is Win Remix
Can anyone explain why ESPN and NFL.com have the Texans as the #1 seed in the playoffs right now?
When did you start learning tennis?  This video is awesome to show the importance of the new 10 and under tennis program QuickStart. 
Pretty crazy U10 hockey fight
Tebow and Coors have something in common
BBC Sport - Man Utd need to take the pressure off Wayne Rooney says Paul Ince
Cincinnati and Xavier: Who won the PR battle?
It's about that time of the year: (U. of) Pitt football coach jumps schools before bowl game.
Derek Jeter Smash Basket in time for the holidays..Funny Audio!!
Free Agency and the MBA.
Why always Mario? City stars step in after Balotelli wars with Richards in new bust-up
Sam Hurd joins the ranks of Bam Morris and Big Ol' Newt
Being a Pittsburgh sports fan sucks, but it's also awesome.
Tebow Mic'd up vs Bears
Join ESPN fantasy league
At what point is technology too much?
David Villa breaks his leg!  Sidelined for 6 months.
Special Thursday Night Football on Saturday
How A Senior League Hockey Fight Ended With One Player Pooping In An Opponent's Glove
High pressure media on sports organizations.
Bears cut Sam Hurd after arrest
Barry Bonds sentenced to 2 years probation
Gotta work during games.  Where do you go?
Braun on PEDs and Fielder Free Agency weren't enough news for you ESPN?
Barry Bonds sentenced to 30 days house arrest, 250 hours community service, a $4000 fine, and a $100 assessment fee.
25 Things We Learned in College Football this Year
Sneaky Matchup Plays
Division II Football: Pittsburg State Wins National Championship
My friend hosts a Sports show on my school's radio.  What do you guys think?
Bet of the Week - Manchester United
Question about Concussions in the NFL/sports
Runaway golf cart mows down crowd of people at Cowboys Stadium after high school playoffs
Working out?  Want Abs? There's no such thing as your core...Here's why!
Botched call wins it for Chiefs
Oregon site 'compromised' with fake quotes - and here I thought that the coach is just a dick
Anybody at the MNF game? how's the dark stadium?
Manhattan Beach 6 Man
Now that Tebow has lost, sports journalists can resume their usual interesting topics. Come join r/InDepthSports where journalistic integrity exists
Michael Boley of New York Giants accused of child 
abuse in Alabama. Possibly for repeatedly spiking a 
football in the face of his 5 year old son?
Watch out for the SHIVA BLAST!!
Maaco Las Vegas Bowl:  3 Things to Look for in the Boise State vs. Arizona State Game
Urban Meyer tells NY Times he is undeterred by Ohio State sanctions and no recruits have rescinded
Alkamaar goal keeper Esteban Alvarado receives red card after fighting with fan who runs into pitch.
David Lipscomb, Eighth Grader, scores 4 points in last 2 seconds for a buzzer-beater victory
Hoping to raise money for charity, man bets William Hill he can reach 1 million followers
Four former NFL players, including Jamal Lewis and Dorsey Levens, are suing the league for their medical problems since retirement and for hiding &amp; misleading players about the risks associated with concussions.
Nationals get Gio Gonzalez
Rusty Kuntz (former MLB player) speaking about the name Rusty Kuntz
Fantasy team names? You proud of yours? Let's hear it. 
Year in pictures
How do SEC fans REALLY feel about Missouri and Texas A&amp;amp;M joining the family?
This movie taught me that it's okay to cheat if God does it.
The greatest Christmas present a Lions fan could hope for.  Merry Christmas, /r/sports!!
Every week, it seems the final score is Somebody 48, Tampa Bay 16
Amazing Glove Save by The Cat
Southern Miss runs yet another fake punt out of their own endzone! - Sheraton Hawaii Bowl 2011
THIS YEAR IN SPORTS 2011 
Never thought I'd see the day the lowly Clippers get their own rap remix.
Stephen A. Smith really has no business talking about sports other than basketball
How I feel about the football season soon ending
Red Sox trade Josh Reddick for closer Andrew Bailey in multi-player trade
T-Mac to Howard: Be Careful What You Wish For
Game Preview - Kings vs Winnipeg Jets, 15 years later
Kevin Durant Game Winner vs Mavericks
Favorite Sports Memory
The Night Ohio Celebrated
Remove the names and you have a comfortable and insightful read on mutual respect and tolerance.
Gotta love those crazies... (warning: crappy music)
Brock Lesnar loses tonight @ UFC 141 and says he is going to retire.
Welcome to the world of women's arm wrestling
Case of NJ volunteer coach accused of videotaping boys in locker room showers raising questions about the wisdom of showering in youth sports. (crosspost from /r/newjersey)
Late, but this is ridiculous... the call should've been obvious to a professional official.
Lebron Got Engaged
The case (and a plan) for paying college athletes
Britain's Olympics minister fears major betting scandal at London 2012 - Attempts to fix contests now 'a bigger threat than doping'
DAE remember an article about soccer/ tennis players having an inside joke for the whole season?
Can someone please explain this to me?
ESPN isn't even going to try in 2012
Is anyone else going to give this support from the very beginning (today)?
If I were Chip Kelly, this is how I would psych my team up for the game today.
Best picture from Winter Classic broadcast so far
Colts clean house..about time.
Radio call of Spartans blocked kick over Georgia
redheads never get a date to the big dance
AWESOME FOOTBALL VID!!!
Jeff Fisher Interviews for head coaching position of the Miami Dolphins
It's time for Fox to have faith in Tebow
Ridiculous Touchdown Speed (91 yards) - De'Anthony Thomas
The founding of the colt 45's Astrodome, yes they are colt pistols being fired into the ground
NBA Game Preview: Nets @ Celtics... Will Kimmy Kardashian go after the Steamroller?
Buzzer beater...wait what?!? (VIDEO)
My article from a couple of weeks ago about inequality and big-time college sports.
American Football Goalie Scores from 100 yards
Nets @ Celtics Game Review: Portions of the first half of the game reminded me of my CYO days!
A HOF ballot that begins and ends with Mark McGwire - Baseball Insider - The Washington Post
The world's first stem cell therapy to repair torn cartilage in the knee has been brought one step closer.
Floyd Mayweather bet $1 million against Tim Tebow
Chuck's Two Cents: Bobby Jenks a Disgrace to Himself and the Game Of Baseball
NHL: Realignment won't happen in 2012-13
The Show.
Hard-hitting sports reporting
Video: Chauncey Billups will bake you a cake for $75,000
Do you all think it is innately harder for defense or offense in the NFL?
Hank Haney publishing book about his 6 years with Tiger
Ok, so who IS going to tackle the Commander in Chief? How buff beach bum Obama stripped off to play quarterback in Hawaii
Is it just me, or does Coach Saban look like Carl from Slingblade?
Wait, who's being racist here...?
In-Arena Fireworks Show
NCAA Denies Todd O'Brien's waiver. Coaches should never have this much power over a student.
Former Cincinnati Reds great Barry Larkin elected to Baseball Hall of Fame.
The most awesome sport ever. Kung fu /football/ volleyball = SepakTakrau. 
WC Table Soccer (Nantes) - Final Double Mens 2012
What are the Chances: High School to Pro Ball (Infographic)
Get Your Hands On The Anticipated Traxxas Slash 4×4 Platinum Edition
How did Alabama's Kicker NOT get the MVP award in the BCS Championship Game?
TIL There is a British version of Pardon the Interruption 
2 of the top highschool basketball players in the nation doing work

Picture of Joe Namath kneeling.  Clearly he is the original Tim Tebow, and not just a football player kneeling.
Raiders fire Hue Jackson
Mayweather calls out Pacquiao on Twitter. Manny Pacquiao I'm calling you out let's fight May 5th and give the world what they want to see. My Jail Sentence was pushed back because the date was locked in. Step up Punk.
I watched this about 12 times, and each time it got funnier and funnier. 
Mayweather has a lot of nerve. Calling Pac-Man a punk when he's been dodging the fight since the beginning.
Difficulty level Asian.
Ever wonder how to tape a Hockey Stick?
Let’s Get On With The Inevitable Peter King Tebow Slurp Job | Kissing Suzy Kolber
Someone should tell Nike that Chris Paul isn't a Hornet anymore
RGIII entering this years NFL Draft
Would any other hockey fans support a points system where games are worth three points for a regulation win, but are split 2 / 1 if the game heads into overtime?
Is there a text-based website to check sports (box)scores? -Slow Connection [x/post from r/askreddit] 
Kubica back in hospital - F1 News. The end of his career?
Insane Basketball Trick Shots
Could someone explain to me (a non-American/idiot) in simple terms how college football works? 


Live Broadcast! Tune in and Tweet in to be heard on anything and everything sports!
Lakers in Utah Hoping to End Losing Streak
Re: What if Michael Vick were white? ESPN Article
Craig James is a lying sack of fuck
Kevin Love (NBA) vs. Sumo
MLB likely to expand playoffs from 8 to 10 teams
Matt Shrigley's (La Costa Canyon High School) posterizing dunk
This commercial is... glorious.
A blockbuster night: Yankees trade for Pineda, sign Kuroda
See what I have to live with.
Ali Still the Greatest as He Celebrates 70th
Rick Reilly compares NFL rule to Central Park Jogger case, is awful
Why weren't any announcers for the Saints/9ers game talking about Pierre Thomas getting KTFO in the 1st quarter?
About the technology and rules of radios in NFL players' helmets.
Louisiana seems slightly bitter about losing to the Niners.
The Ten Rules of Bandwagon Hopping
Tebowie
India lost by an innings; Australia snatches the trophy 
And On The Seventh Touchdown, Brady Rested.
Spirderman is out of fashion
Weekly bOUnce: 2012 Predictions, Olympics, Roberto Mancini, SPL, Masters Snooker
My FAVORITE golfer of all time
Red Bull Crashed Ice in St. Paul had +80,000 spectators. Does that help validate the sport? Or is it still a novelty?
Locog says it's waiting on Ticketmaster to fix the Olympics ticketing site, Ticketmaster says it's waiting on Locog...
Celts Fan Confidence Data is Tanking w/ Poor Start to Season (Graph).
Retired NBA Star Yao Ming is a new member of Shanghai's political advisory board
I would like to do some statistical research on penalties in the NFL. Are there any free data sources that have a comprehensive list of every penalty called during the 2011 season that would be easily read by a computer program?
Tell me what's this worth
Vegan Tri-Athlete Brendan Brazier opens Thrive Foods Direct meal service
You know what makes losing even worse? Being a Wizards fan on top of it.
Yale Defeats Trinity in Squash - Ends Longest Streak in the History of Intercollegiate Sports in the United States (252 Matches)
I'm starting a sports blog...
Could it be that Rob Lowe, as a Colts fan, today pulled off the ultimate reverse jinx?
Hilary Clinton appoints Kareem Abdul-Jabbar as a global cultural ambassador to promote the importance of education, social and racial tolerance, cultural understanding and using sports as a means of empowerment.
New Niner Anthem, Niners in Paris
Trinity men's squash loses for the first time in 253 matches ending the longest winning streak in college sports
For the Glove of the Game. How Jews have pioneered gloves in several different sports
If Peyton Manning could play for any team next year, which one do you think would be the best fit and why?
Canadian Freestyle Skier Sarah Burke Dead at 29 - ABC News
Former UFC fighter Mike Whitehead headed to prison following sentencing in sexual assault case
Jim Caldwell Fired 
All those people who spend so much time complaining about the No Fun League should embrace Bill Belichick, because Bill Belichick is the NFL's last real anarchist.
Another latin american baseball player shown to be [3 years] older than expected.
New school can’t be Cougars because middle-aged women might be offended
High School can't call team Cougars because it offends some women.
Jim Brown, Manimal
Sixers Gives a Showing to Lebron James as They Pull Off a Huge Win Against the Atlanta Hawks
Villanova beats St. John's in a thriller
My high schools take on the silent night game
....and boom goes the dynamite!
UFC In New York
Motocross GoPro Cam
Prince Fielder Wondering If He Has Truly Free Agency [Onion Sports]
Where can I stream the Giants vs. 49'r game? I am on vacation in the Caribbean and they don't have fox.  
Did Stephen Tyler just Cock Up the National Anthem?
Any cheap custom jersey websites out there that you guys know of?
First thing I thought of after that field goal attempt (skip to 3:25)
Pats win and anger rises!!!
Pacers mascot shatters backboard dunking at a high school
How I feel at an Athletic school
How I feel about this year's Superbowl after today...
Oregon's Chip Kelly to coach the Tampa Bay Buccaneers
Picture of me hold a goat
The real reason the Ravens didn't hit an easy field goal
Did Lee Evans make a game-winning touchdown catch against the Patriots? (but called incomplete)
JR Smith's sister chokes woman at Chinese Basketball Association game
Watch Sport Live for Free via New Bet365 iPhone &amp; iPad App
A must-have for sports fans.
Ravens Fan Freak Out 
The worst/best reaction from the Ravens/Patriots game yesterday
Tennis player Petra Kvitova misses easiest smash ever...
Alex Villalobos led CA in yards this season
NHL Playoff MVP Tim Thomas refuses visit to White House. [T]he Federal government has grown out of control
ImPACT and other concussion tests for athletes may not work. 
The Return of The White Mamba
Washington Wizards Coach Flip Saunders Fired (xpost /r/
Basketball)
The Madden Curse
Terrell Owens isn't an asshole, just misunderstood... and other excuses.
Manning: No idea if he'll be with the Colts next year
Why are college athletes, specifically those who plan to play in a major sports league, required to take standard freshmen courses?  Wouldn't it be better for them to take courses that might prepare them for the unique life of the professional athlete?
The only way to shut up Skip Bayless.
Probably been asked, but oh well. What is your favorite piece of sports memorabilia that you own and whats the story behind it? 
Oklahoma State Upsets No. 2 Missouri
Mavs ring ceremony (x-post from r/Dallas)
Refs: soccer v hockey: Who's worse?
Nobody Expects the NCAA Inquisition - Concluding that she had no choice... [Boatright's mother] turned over her bank statements, as the NCAA demanded. 4 NCAA investigators pored through her records and conducted interrogations, seeking 'evidence' that she was getting money from 'improper' sources
TIL: There is a play clock in tennis. (P14 at the top)
Fantastic piece on a freed American slave fighting England's best boxer in 1910
Top 10 Highest Run Chases in ODI Cricket
An inside look at alleged point shaving scheme at U of San Diego 
Even if this isn't true, it's still facepalm worthy
Jim Irsay mad about Peyton Manning's comments. Here comes that glorious Super Bowl week shitstorm I've hoped wouldn't materialize
This kid is the Derek Jeter of Tennis
Greatest Giants Superbowl Anthem Ever - Forget Tom Brady
Yale QB Skipped Rhodes Scholar Interview Because Of An Allegation Of Sexual Harassment, Not The Harvard-Yale Game.
Gronk was mic'd for the Raven's AFC game. Hilarity ensues...
Most inappropriate athlete tweets
Awesome letter: A 7-yr-old fan consoles Kyle Williams, the goat of the 49ers loss to the Giants http://huff.to/wMzhxt  
Australian Open ballboy's catch 'worthy of Ricky Ponting'
Extreme Kiteboarding - Stoked Out
Mornhinweg commits to Florida Gators! Watch Highlight Reel and Article:
Hulk Hogan Returns to the Ring; His Five Greatest Moments in Wrestling - Yahoo! News
Pakistan struggles to save the second Test
Pittsburgh colours
America's favorite sports
Bryce TReggs is the #19 recruit in the nation w/ the full ride to Cal Berkeley. People are saying he's the DeSean Jackson! He's only 5'10 too! lol 
Croatia wins Euro Bronze in an amazing match against Spain! Here's an old but still awesome video!
Bryzgalov or Bobrovsky?
I think I might be falling out of love with hockey.
Header scored from own half … a new football record?
You don't mess with the Bakersfield Condors. Especially in Bakersfield.
Latest Bracketology Bracket:
Gatorade High School Athletes of the Year over past 25 years.
Real time DUNK footage of Blake Griffin destroying Perkins...
Dude this is FUCKING INSANE!
German Formula 1 driver Adrian Sutil has been convicted of causing grievous bodily harm to a F1 team owner and given an 18-month suspended sentence.
Ripped UGA Cheerleader Turns Heads
Take a moment to observe just how high above the rim Blake got
England will strike back in the final Test – Ian Bell
Blake Griffin's Dunk Vs. OKC Last Night
Everton Fan Handcuffs Himself To Goal Post Against Manchers City.
Can someone post this ESPN Insider article for me?
Peyton Manning expects doctors to clear him to play
Samsung Football Flash Kick
John Legend - Extra-Ordinary Tebow
Statute of Limitations on Bragging Rights
If things don't seen to be going your way today, just let out a big KAAAAAAAAAAAAHN! and all will be fine
Whoever wrote this headline should be fired. 
Calcio 2012 - La Juve allunga in classifica senza scendere in campo e ringrazia la Lazio che batte il Milan
7'5 high school hoops player effortlessly dunks on his opponents
Real Headline, or The Onion?  N.F.L. Says to Leave Mace, Sticks at Home
ESPN 30 for 30 set is Amazon Deal of the Day - $50 for complete DVD/Blu-Ray collections
Question for Sports Marketers out there
How awesome would this be? Budweiser gives a few beer league teams a chance to feel like pros for a day!
 Peyton Manning Medically Cleared To Resume NFL Career The Redskins, Cardinals, Dolphins and Jets are among the teams rumored to have interest in Manning’s services, should the Colts choose to move him.
Out of Bounds?  LSU Head Coach Les Miles rips ex-recruit at a public function and questions his leadership abilities.
Extra-Ordinary Tebow
Police say a woman extorted Yankees GM Brian Cashman
Super Bowl 46 Official Preview:
Peyton Manning cleared to play in the NFL again.
2012 NFL Playoffs -- New England Patriots take 'halftime' practice break - ESPN Boston
Chicago Bulls 2012: Is Luol Deng More Valuable to the Bulls than MVP Derrick Rose?
Detroit Pistons Lead The NBA In Pricey Beers
India triumphs over Australia- 2nd T20 match 
Former NFL Player Rosey Grier Needlepoints
josh hamilton relapse
Some wondering: Will Belichick retire after the Superbowl?
Super Bowl XLVI... the Mobile Experience
I guess Sanchez doesn't even have any dignity left to lose.
Super Bowl XLVI will be filmed by four 1000 FPS-capable slow motion cameras
Longest Winning Streaks in Cricket
The best round of boxing you'll ever see
Federal prosecutors closing probe of Lance Armstrong related to performance-enhancing drugs without filing charges. 
Michael Landsberg &amp; Sports Heroes Say 'Let's Talk' About Battling Depression
Congratulations to the New York Football Giants for winning the Super Bowl a day early
Crazy ending to college basketball game
Cyclists: motivation to drive yourself into the redzone.
Jeremy Lin Breaks Out
O’Brien Adds Two More To Staff
Milito: We Need To Beat Roma
Roma v Inter Match Re-scheduled again for Sunday
Gerrard and Suarez expected back for Spurs match
Behind the scenes video from Man United Game
Super Bowl 2012 Latest Reviews! All what you need to know about Super Bowl 2012!
Giants vs. Patriots: Does the Upset Shed Light on the Superbowl Re-match? - Forbes
USF BULLS Pierre-Paul &amp; Jacquian Williams are just scratching surface with the Giants
Former Lineman Jarvis Green Gives Tips To Patriots, Giants | News One
CNBC sports writer Darren Rovell complains on twitter that the girls at the Playboy mansion aren't hot enough.  This should end well...
Without the rules, there's no meaningful game
Actual e-mails from actual readers make up this old-school Super Bowl preview - Grantland
Super Bowl Chat
3 English chaps watching the american superbowl not knowing what the hell is going on....there must be some redditors that you explain? anything will be appreciated!
Superbowl MVP?
New York Giants Super Bowl website blooper
Yeah the justice will be done, cause the trophy still belongs in Gotham City.  Amazing Giants song from 2008 superbowl against the patriots, this guy predicted it and this song is still applicable to this year.
Man wins 50k by placing a bet on a NY Safety being the first score in game.
Alberto Contador has been stripped of his 2010 Tour de France title and banned for two years after sport's highest court found him guilty of doping.
Yippee Giants...
IMA LET YOU FINISH IN A MINUTE....
Super Bowl Prop Bet Results
Marching band on ice!
Fry on Rec Hockey Leagues
Bryant passes O'Neal for 5th on NBA scoring list
Kenyon Martin ready to help to the Clippers
Bid Quick to Buy this Signed, Leather-bound Sandusky Autobiography Touched 
Alberto Contador has been found guilty of doping and was stripped of his 2010 Tour de France title Monday by sport's highest court.




Aw, look at these generous people giving a free tropical vacation to a group of poor white Patriots. Aw, how generous!
Is anyone else on reddit incredibly excited for this?
World No 1 Djokovic honoured at Laureus Awards as London celebrates sporting year

Interview With QB Matt McGloin – Video  
Help! Need basketball gear for a non-profit basketball team!
Giants Parade Fail
Would you pay for a yearly UFC subscription that would include all PPV fights?
Lady asked which player she wants to see at Giants victory parade. Responds Sancheezzzz!. Reporter says That's all right... no, that's not all right.
 Pawngo, an online pawn shop, delivered 900 lbs (8,000 bars) worth of Butterfingers to Boston's Copley Square as a thank you for his fourth-quarter drop, one of the more replayed gaffes that gave the New York Giants a chance to come back and win the game.
Gronk Dances Following Loss
Golfer stabbed in the leg after trying to play through
Extra Credit?
All Black Sonny Bill Williams wins New Zealand title
Sri Lanka defeated by India- Commonwealth Bank Series 2nd match 
The Tongan Olympic Luger Who Turned Out To Be An Underwear Marketing Scam
Tony Romo Super Bowl tweet a fake?
Rangers slugger Josh Hamilton visited doctors for Major League Baseball following his admitted relapse with alcohol. The recovering drug addict publicly apologized Friday without taking questions about what happened, saying he had a weak moment  from personal reasons involving a family member.
Capello resigns as England manager.
Tom Brady and the New England Patriots.
Jeremy Lin has a rap song.
One of the greatest ideas for a sport I have ever seen... tazers
Interpretation: Alabama &amp; LSU are afraid of competition. 
My father (Mark Dougherty) had an inside-the-park homerun when he was playing for the Redbirds in 1988
Sit ski backflip
South African High School cheerleading (x-post r/southafrica)
Superbowl vs Champions League Final (Viewership???)
Seven Nittany Lions Invited To NFL Combine  
Seriously? Jousting?
Jay-Z is the czar of aesthetics for the new Nets arena
Director's Cut: David Remnick's classic 'New Yorker' story about Michael Jordan's first return to basketball - Grantland
Someone on the UFC 143 Fight Card Failed Their Post Fight Drug Test
The Beauty Of The Post-Coital Super Bowl Afterglow
Beautiful story about a young man and his friend, Justin Tuck
WATCH OMEGA Dubai Desert Classic Live Stream Golf European Tour Video Sopcast Online Free :: Live Stream View :: Care2 Groups
Annoyed Tiger Woods shows progression
FromThisSeat.com - Learn all about the Seats, Before you buy your NFL, MLB, NBA and NHL tickets. Every section of every stadium is broken down so the fan can gather perspectives before they purchase their tickets.
Russell Westbrook's dunk against the Kings
previa 14-15 de febrero Champions league
Mr Hamilton is then approached by a very average looking woman
Well that didn't take long! Don't worry, you'll always be Ron Artest to me.
Love Jeremy Lin Without Asian, Harvard, NBA Stereotypes...why? I love stereotyping
Absolute best ankle brace?
Jerry Sandusky's Wife Nearly Ran Down A Reporter With Her Car, And It Was All Caught On Camera
Hasn't this been the problem all along?
Jeremy Lin: Even Kobe bows to his star power. Great piece about his recent success and 38pt explosion against the Lakers.
9 Lessons Jeremy Lin Can Teach Us Before We Go To Work Monday Morning - Forbes
Insane mountain bike video!
Powerlifting training - what it is, what it does.
Inside Baseball: Mike Matheny has done all he can to be ready for first spring training
Red Sox fan confidence data climbs as team reaches agreement w/ Ortiz
UNREAL: Hernst Laroche - Defensive Play of the Year Candidate
Allen Iverson, 11 Time NBA All-star, Earned $154 million in his career, now DEAD BROKE
Marin County finally has something fun to do for the 21-35 crowd!
With Mike Matheny at the helm, Ozzie Smith is finally invited to spring training
Yep, pretty much spot on.
This is sports, right?
Washington State Hockey donates money to rival University of Washington Hockey's effort to travel to San Jose for ACHA Division 2 West Regionals. 
Don't Mess with Lebron James' Mom
10 best passes in NBA history - #3 is mesmerizing 
I'm going to tonight's Knicks game at the Garden and I need suggestions for posters!
Mark Servos Interview - Team Canada Inline Goalie
Yuvraj Singh under therapy after diagnosed with cancer
This Saturday I'll be at a bachelor party but last Saturday I was at a High School Basketball game. Dichotomy.
Don O'Neal Takes Back to Back Wins Tuesday Night at East Bay Raceway Park
Where are the first 87?
Jeremy Lin never fails to deliver, even if it's just the fans 
I wanted to watch the Knicks tonight but my TV contains no MSG
Jeremy Lin brings the Knicks a 7-game winning streak and a .500 record
New NBA sensation New York Knicks point guard Jeremy Lin's pre-game handshake!
DARREN ROVELL'S CENTURY OF LEGENDARY TWEETS
Salon's Gary Kamiya: Jeremy Lin shows that we like to cheer for people who look like us -- and there's nothing wrong with that.
The dude at the college basketball games with the huge sign of his own face made the same face on the Today show in 2010.
Linsane -- Funny rock song for Lin and his fans. (Jeremy Lin, NBA, LOL, Rock)
Baron Davis creates a Lin meme using the most interesting man.
Asian stereotypes appearing in coverage of Knicks' Jeremy Lin
Tazers and a big soccerball, that's all you need to play some Ultimate Tazer Ball
Gary Carter has passed away
He's digging himself deeper....
7-foot-5 Highschool Basketball player is terrifying
Perhaps it's finally time for me to leave
TIL That Jeff Kent hit the first walk off HR in NLCS history
When did the practice of wearing team apparel such as jerseys become common?
London Olympics 2012
Sports Science shows that a sumo wrestler proves ineffective as hockey goalie. Surprise!
MMA/Boxing fans, my buddy made his own info/opinion website. Check it out.
The Annual Convention Of Baseball’s Groundskeepers
Michigan Wolverines had one of the best multi-sports days yesterday.
Oregon State football: Cornerback Sean Martin arrested for DUII, attempting to elude police
So long, Gary! Montreal Canadiens tribute.
3 skiers killed in Wash. avalanche; 4th survived
Durant and Westbrook combine to score 91 out of 124 points
Linsanity Shown to be Caused by Rage Linfested Monkeys « GLOBAL NEWS NETWORK
Inside Baseball: Spring’s “Friends of Mike” might provide more help to Cardinals than Friends of Tony
Dereck Chisora apologizes 'wholeheartedly' for brawl with David Haye
TNT is the new ESPN...
Tebow and Lin: Two Players Next to Each Other The question about Lin is whether he’s as good as he looks; the question about Tebow is whether he can ever be an adequate NFL QB despite his generally sub-replacement-level performance. It’s the laziest analogy imaginable.
Olympics Mongolia uses basic training to grapple for gold
Chest Exercise for Women - Exercise without Equipment Exposed
Henry, Torres and Chamakh all star in this funny little fictional football story.  Seems like their plan would be the only way to put a stop to Van Persie's incessant scoring!
Jeremy Lin The Musical
I wasn't into cricket, but then I found this youtube channel...
Jeremy Lin Is Bigger Than Basketball
Troy Aikman: NFL May Not Remain No. 1 Sport.
The Best Part About This Year's Basketball Team
Howie asks the Hoosiers: Who's Your Mascot?  (Besides me, of course?)
What does the Napoli victory over chelsea say about the premier league
The Face is Being Sponsored by the University of Alabama
Contact lenses take baseball player to new heights
Dumbas Hurdle Crew
Funny article from new college sports site.
Temple Heading Back to the Big East?
Graph: Are the Yankees buying championships?
CenturyLink Goes Dubstep Seattle!!
Basketball Juice, wait until the end!
Is Spitting in Golf Bad for a Player's Image
Whack-A-Gopher MSU @ Minnesota(2/22/2012 8:30pm)
Net's owner Mikhail Prokhorov Rapping
if you are looking for a first bike for your kids,We recommend the best bikes for your kids. Quality Kids Bikes,Boys Bikes &amp; Girls Bikes at Discount Prices everyday.
2012 London Olympics Basketball: A Preview of Team USA
Welcome! -- Healy Awards
It's all about the beautiful game of football
Reddit, what is one sporting event you wish you could go back and see?
Linsanity! Jeremy Lin’s meteoric rise in the news
More reasons to love Jim Harbaugh
Meeting Tyson Chandler and Iman Shumpert any ideas on what to ask?
Ultimate Tazer Ball
How the fuck is Miami so explosive with the fastbreak? It's practically all they do.
Photos: Laron Landry is big. ‘Incredible Hulk’ big…
Pittsburgh Pirates president faces 4 DUI-related charges
The Design of Basketball, Part 1: The Role of New England Snow and Poor Equipment Design
Cal Poly Pomona Basketball Game Winning Halfcourt Buzzer Beater in Second Overtime!
Prime Timing Sports: 2012 Spring Columns Announced
Remember the old NBA ad...
Two day soccer game takes 50 penalty kicks to decide
Texas Spring Football Overview
Enjoy the dad jokes, ignore the advice
Former Dallas Cowboys receiver Terrell Owens' debut in the IFL is surreal experience 
Where in the NFL is Peyton Manning?
The penthouse where NASCAR was founded in 1947 is now a gay bar.
And not a single fuck was given on defenses
For all you that have collected sports cards.
Comparing RG3's 4.41 40 yard dash
Stern gets right to point in praise of Lin
The Model Approximation of a Man
This kid is 9 years old...I believe he has much larger balls than I.
Oh, Dallas....
German Soccer Fans Serenade Israeli Player With Racist Insults And Nazi Salutes
Former Cal QB throws world distance record paper airplane
Two last second amazing shots to end a crazy double overtime college basketball game.
Ben Howland wants to micro-manage the film room temperature in SoCal highlights his lack of priorities. On the SI piece, Not the UCLA Way
Sending me back: what baseball means to me
At press conference for Cotto fight, Floyd commented on a potential Pacquiao bout, The only way that fight will happen is if he leaves Bob Arum, Mayweather said.
Can you help me find a video? PTI's top 100 introductions
Reddit what do you think? I wrote an article about everyone's favourite Argentine Carlos Tevez and hope you will (A) Find it humorous (B) Not take it too seriously and (C) Not hunt me down and kill me for mocking him...
Jeff Samardzija Would Like To Eye-Hump You For A Moment
Hines Ward released after 14 years with the Steelers
Yoga-tta Be Fucking Kidding Me? Yoga An Olympic Sport???
Clint Dempsey Goal: USA Soccer Beats Italy For First Time
There is either a problem with my baseball mogul or something Alfonso Soriano is not telling us.
Anybody notice this recent trend of SI and ESPN cover photos portraying basketball players with stupid faces on?
Which active athlete, of the three major sports, do you hate worse than A-Rod, LeBron, or James Harrison?
Everything about this makes sense to me.
Next football superstar (funny) 
Lessons From the High School Hardwood
Dallas Mavericks, Lamar Odom close to working out return timetable, sources say
Today is the r/RedditDayOf Sporting Tragedies. If you have anything to share with our community please stop by.
Maximize Your Workout With These Post Exercise Snacks
Wilt Chamberlain's 100-point game still a wonder 50 years later - latimes.com
New Orleans Saints had bounty program to injure opposing players, NFL says
The Redskins Also Had A Cash-For-Injuries Program Under Gregg Williams
INSANE double-overtime buzzer beater @Cal Poly Pomona
Texas private school sports association excludes Muslim school after subjecting it to a questionnaire about Islam
In Canada, we ski on the streets. OFSAA Provincial Championships!
Rugby?  Check.  Stun guns?  Check.  Awesome new sport?  Maybe.  
Roy Nelson's Bet: He Will Drop to Light Heavyweight If He Can Get 100,000 'Likes' On Facebook
Manchester City Player, Mario Balotelli Got Fined $396,000 For Taking a Trip to the Strip Club Over the Weekend
Rubbers, Balls, and Chicken Tutorials: An Insider’s Look at Spring Training | The Smoking Jacket
Former New York Mets outfielder Lenny Dykstra was sentenced Monday to three years in state prison in a grand theft auto case.
And here's another Kurkjian impression by an MLB player
Bounty scandal has Saints in disarray
Coach Sean Payton and GM Mickey Loomis deserve to be fired

Despite the popularity of the MIT Sloan Sports Analytics Conference, there's still a major disconnect between the rigorous data mining being presented and the people who can only believe what they see with their own eyes
Favre: Now the truth comes out. That's good. But that's football. The only thing that really pisses me off about the whole thing is we lost the game. If they wanted me to testify in court about this, they'd be calling the wrong guy.''
I just saw David Ebanks, Steve Blake, and a couple other lakers in Birmingham MI.  
LeBron James to team with Dunkin' Donuts in China, will introduce the terrifying pork donut
Which sport do you have to be naturally better at baseball or golf?
Let's pretend we scored a goal. Futbol Fans’ Chants NYTimes.com [hint: play audio under the title, 'Multimedia'].
Just in case you forgot, don't insult a mans sister.
Just my friend trying to qualify for CrossFit 2012, using only one arm.
Report: Peyton Manning will be cut by Indianapolis Colts on Wednesday
NBA jersey sponsorships looming???
Dunkin’ Donuts Chooses Lebron Over Lin
The Kings are staying put!!!
Tomato Face, Schnozz and 48 other greatest nicknames in baseball history
The Beef with Bleacher Report
Jennifer Lawrence Coached By Olympic Archer For Movie
quite possibly the ugliest thing in baseball history: the Marlin's new homerun fountain
witty and irreverent blog covering all major Philadelphia area sports. Check this out to get all the information on the teams you love from fans who live it everyday!
White fondly recalls Hitmen memories
Peyton Manning: Thanks for the memories
The most confused man in the world
GG Elisha Manning! Wins Superbowl, Restructures Contract, Saves Cap Money
Peyton Manning leaves generous tip, server gets fired for posting a photograph of bill
LBS and Sports? Check Me In
Inside the New LA Kings Phone App with Dewayne Hankins, Director of Digital Media for the Los Angeles Kings
Charles Oakley don't care, Charles Oakley don't give a shit. 
What Really Happens at the PGA's Phoenix Open: Drinking vs Watching Golf
How the LA Kings use HootSuite to leverage their social media accounts
Wheelchair basketball teams play first games in Foster
Daniel Island resident serving up wins
PGA Tour WGC Cadillac Championship Live Golf Stream Online Free HD TV | Care2 Share
NFL 2012 Draft:  Top 10 WRs
Mauricio Shogun Rua vs Dan Henderson - full fight Video UFC 139. Easily a top 5 fight of all time.
The Tournament is set.
Overpaid Jokers in the NHL
Could we collectively do a March Madness bracket?
Vince Carter's windmill ally-oop dunk...in high school (x-post from /r/nba)
Champions League
Losing Coach Bites Ear Of Winning Coach
RepMyCollege brackets released! Top 10 brackets win, 1st place iPad3!!!
The ban hammer comes down on North Carolina cheating
NCAA Men’s Basketball Tournament Trends and Outliers
Why does MLB.tv leave this in the recording even when though you're watching a taped game?
The Secret Game - March 12, 1944
Can Your Subconscious Predict the 2012 NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament?
Royal Palm Teen with National Team in Spain
Poor guys, absolutely nobody in the nation believes in them.
Middle School Team loses game, Coach goes all Mike Tyson on the winning Coach (x-post from /r/wtf)
Iowa basketball player hits amazing backwards shot
Still looking for more entrants into reddit's offical pay tournament pool!
Historical NCAA bracket data?
Video: Steven Stamkos Scores 50th goal this season
Brandon Marshall of Chicago Bears allegedly hit woman after club fight Sunday
Derp Tourney Pick-em NCAA Basketball Group
A novel way to fill out your NCAA bracket while helping science!
Anzhi Makhachkala will attempt to sign both Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo when their contracts expire
Mike D'Antoni resigns as Knicks lose 8 of last 10 games
An in-depth look at how the NCAA tournament shakes out if the mascots were fighting to the death.
DeSean Jackson agrees to five-year deal with Eagles!
Sources: Dwight Howard says he won't opt out
High school team has a no-hitter and turns a triple play, both in the same game
WSYX ABC6 On Your Side Top Story - Nationwide Arena Preparing for Tourney-- I know this girl, and she's quite good!
That Event That is More Inspirational Than the Olympics
Has anyone found a good streaming site for March Madness?
London 2012 3D - BBC Messed this one up!
The NCAA is all about money
Titans offer Peyton Manning a contract for life
March Madness Means More When You're a Bonnie
My work setup for March Madness..
One of the most interesting Formula 1 sites I've come across. Lots of technical info; almost felt like posting it in r/science to see if the dude is getting it right.
Who else thinks UNC-A got raped. Syracuse must have been DEEP in the ref's pockets...
Southern Miss. Band Members Chant Racist Taunts  During Tournament Game.
Can The Lakers Win A Title After Deadline Deals?
Behind the Horn - A behind-the-scenes look at Around the Horn. There's some really great stuff in there.
3 Real Fights in Pro Wrestling - Yahoo! Sports
These are the two players from the Raiders that EA feels deserves a shot to be the cover athlete for Madden '13.
Swimmers with a Disability Results for Thursday 15th of March
A Dynamic Approach- Part II
In light of recent events...
Great Songs About Baseball 
Dwight Schrute + Ruxin = Tom Crean?
UConn women's basketball team dancing again ... no, really ... they're dancing
So many laughs -- Javale McGee's top 8 dumb plays
How to get a sponsor as an amateur athlete in an amateur sport?
Scheftering
The very definition of March Madness.
A video in tribute to Welsh Rugby, a song by the Blims. Video made by Simon Huntley www.santori-films.co.uk
Skydiver jumps from 13 miles above Earth in test run for record attempt
Titans pleased with Peyton Manning's Saturday workout
Well...he was good
NCAA Tournament - Vanderbilt university men's basketball history
Trinity High School(KY) showing dominance in sports in Kentucky. do any other high schools compare from other states?
Basketball Euroleague 2011/2012 quarter-finals are starting
in canada...don't have TSN2...where can i watch the ncaa tournament online?
HAfeez and Nasir makes second biggest partnership of pakistan
VirtualFines.com is website that allows its users to create and issue fines virtually against players, coaches, refs, or whomever in order to drive money into Charity's pockets!
AFC should fear the Broncos
Oklahoma State University cannot get a refund on $33 million in insurance premiums paid under a botched fundraising campaign for its athletics programs
Is there a good tutorial out there on how to become literate in sports?  I've always been an outsider, but I want to join the party.
Hines Ward Retires
Anyone else remember this badass commercial?
Baseball season could be the worst Chicago's seen since 1980
I run my universities film studio on campus. We got to meet and interview Supercross Champion James 'Bubba' Stewart. For those of you who don't know, he is one of the only African American Motocross racers, and he has been dominating the sport for the past few years! Please check this out!
Rangers, Holland strike $28.5 million, 5-year deal
The real game at the Olympics is profit.
What the Broncos have now: The best Manning article EVER
Kansas Jayhawks' Spirit Squad and Band Members Lift Car Off Man, Save His Life
Shawn Kemp, you nasty!
BEAL NEWS : Ueli Steck, the newest member of the BEAL World Team 
Rondo's Funny Defense on Lebron James
Tim Tebow has been traded to the New York Jets.
Tim Tebow traded to New York Jets
NFL hands out massive penalties in Saints bounty program.
First Ever Beneficial Use of FaceBook Timeline Discovered
Why Germany's National Team Shouldn't Visit Auschwitz 
The NFL found four specific instances of an opposing quarterback getting targeted: Brett Favre for the 2009 Minnesota Vikings and Aaron Rodgers for the 2011 Green Bay Packers. The others were the Carolina Panthers' Cam Newton in 2011 and the Arizona Cardinals in 2009. 
Saints coach suspended for bounty program
In long overdue move, Bengals hire a Law Firm
Concussions in hockey vs. other sports
Two yellow cards for Marco Ruben!
How does one visualize a torrent?
Full speed stunts accross the city of Barcelona great scenery and fast tricks. Powerblading!!
Marcin Wasilewski hits Peter Delorge in head like a Mike Tyson . This was a real knockout. The question is whether this is a football or boxing?
Arabia Saudí estudia incluir a las mujeres entre sus deportistas
Blake Griffin crazy dunk attempt 
Behind the back back dribble ankle breaker
What to do with this now? - Imgur
Adorable Photos Of An NBA Tea Party
Tebowing in four states at once to honor Timmy's short-lived Bronco career
Very Interesting piece by NBA hall-of-famer Kareem Abdul Jabbar: Allegations of point shaving at Auburn University are latest in basketball gambling history
The only thing that's annoying about March Madness is the fact that you have to wait an entire year to fill out another bracket...
why pace is statistically relevant to basketball, and a picture of a slow but efficient turtle
Joba Chamberlain Dislocates Ankle Playing on Trampoline With Son, Possibly Career-Threatening Injury.
Michael Kidd-Gilchrist has a way with words
My thoughts on the passing of Lacy J. Banks: Chicago Sportswriter
Apparently there is such a group as Christians Against Nike.  Join a deadly expedition through their site to find out if they're as crazy as they sound!
I mostly go on NS, never really been in here, but I thought other online ski communities might be interested in this, it is causing a giant controversy in NS and TGR...
The Italian Derby (Juventus vs Inter Milan) is Sunday
The Best Goal Celebration in the World... Sabri Sarıoğlu of Galatasaray
Donald Byrne vs. Bobby Fischer - Game of the Century 
Survival Race Obstacle Training Program for those Wishing to Join the Military
The perfect way to hold a Cricket Bat.
Every day I see new amazing goal, is this talent or lucky? You evaluate. Peter Crouch Amazing Goal Vs Manchester City 
7 Awesome Fences Created From Recycled Sports Gear
Crazy Dancing Baylor fan, now set to music!
What is the triangle in two? Kansas vs UNC
The NCAA Basketball Tournament / March “Madness”- The Most Overrated Post-Season Format In All Of Sports
2012 Olympics - Whose winning in London?
30 Awesome Pro Sports Rumor Blogs
RIP Bert Sugar.  You earned your ten-bell salute.
I guess Tim Duncan is too old to play in some games
No championship but AP All-America teams not bad
Tebow sure is excited.
Are you Jets fans more excited or nervous about Tebow becoming a Jet?
The most-watched college hoops game of all-time; Bird v. Magic; The Game that begat March Madness
You've got to be a real man to play Test cricket. Ouch [video]
Despite owning a majority stake in the Seattle Mariners since 1992, retired Nintendo chairman Hiroshi Yamauchi has never seen the team play in person.
$1,000 giveaway for fantasy baseball players
CBT: Who will star, and stink, in the NBA?
Hornets name coming back to Charlotte? There's a movement to bring back the buzz...
Sweet baby jesus. I think it got disallowed.
Siri Might Soon Be Able To Tell You Sports Scores
A University of Rhode Island basketball player was arrested Tuesday after two female students told police he posted videos of their sexual encounters on Facebook, the Providence Journal reported.
This is where Columbus is on ESPN's NHL power rankings...
Fist fight erupts between UK and UofL fans during Dialysis
Los Angeles Dodgers selling team to Magic Johnson's group for $2B - ESPN Los Angeles
I know that this is a repost, but...
dog chasing a cat in a middle of a basketball game

How sports performance is affected by your senses 
As a Kentucky resident, this is why I will remain off of Facebook Saturday.
News Corp. Said to Plan U.S. Sports Network to Rival ESPN - Bloomberg
Kobe Wants Odom, Fisher Back 
University of Miami put up posters on campus asking any student 6'1 and 230lbs or bigger to contact the team about playing OL.  (not a good sign for the season)
Longest Boomerang Throw (vid)
30 years ago this week, CBS broadcast the NCAA Men's Basketball Championship game for the first time and Michael Jordan hit the game-winning basket (video)
Reddit Alien Spotted in Sbnation video about MLB opening day.  
IPL 5 Opening Ceremony, IPL Opening Ceremony 2012, Indian Premier League Opening Ceremony 2012
Chris Karma Kamara is fantastic
Roller Derby Renaissance
Charles Barkley in Drag - I love this guy. 
1300+ Sports Illustrated issues from the 1970's to the late 1990's... Now to sort them
The Long-Term Benefits of Juicing: How long can an athlete maintain drug-enhanced muscles?
Our friend Julianna was just diagnosed with stage four Melanoma. She is a huge Pittsburg Steeler fan. I was hoping someone might know a player who would be willing to make a short call to shed a little light on the last month of hell she has gone through.
Steven Taylor reveals all about his Newcastle United teammates
Jeremy Lin had lunch with the since-fired editor who inadvertently referenced his heritage 
86-year old Johanna Quaas is still active gymnast. OMG! Amazing women! Well done!
     
Lance Berkman gives away Adam Wainwright's truck in April Fools' prank
Detroit Lions have major announcement, will change the way fans watch their home games.
Knicks Accused Of Hiding Jeremy Lin’s Injury To Sell Playoff Tickets.
For any of you football fans, here's a pretty cool motivational video 
Because nothing says Fuck You quite like mascot mouth-rape. 
Jose Canseco is the savior you didn’t know you needed.
What does it mean?!
Am I the only one who didn't know he was cousins with Damon and Salim?
Birthday babe of the week
As the celebrations rage outside...
Did UK win or did the zombie apocalypse begin?
Au Gusta (cross-post from r/golf)
Kampsports, MMA og Streetwear
Dozens of Kentucky Wildcats fans arrested after national championship win over Kansas Jayhawks 
Travelling call in Kansas/ Kentucky final not a travel.
Golfers looking to improve their putting may find an advantage in visualizing the hole as bigger, according to a new study from Purdue University.
10-yr, $225 Million Extension: Reds’ Joey Votto is Set for Life 
Tiger Wood's Group at the Master's
Kentucky Tops Kansas to Win NCAA Title
Rajon Rondo: I'm the Best Skater in the NBA
Kentucky and Kansas set to battle for National Championship Monday night | Sportsrageous
Wiz rookie Chris Singleton blows $10K on the lottery, doesn't win, claims he would've just blown it all at the club anyway.
The true national sport of Canada
Afghanistan's first female Olympic boxer eyes London dream
Absolutely fantastic Bill Simmons article: Handicapping the NBA MVP Race - Weighing in on one of sports' most impressive trophies
David Stern Feels Players Would be Better Suited Playing an Extra Year Before Jumping to NBA
My friend made a short vid covering the couch carnage after UK won the championships, shit went crazy here in Lexington.
Jared Sullinger declares for NBA draft
Incredible hole in one
Vince Young Endorses Towels
The Lakers Fined Andrew Bynum for Numerous Infractions And Disrespect
This is the sculpture in left field of the Miami Marlins new stadium
Duke fans have nothing on this
This guy.
Sandusky due in court as defense seeks to dismiss charges
Why is it so important to cross the line? So, you got injured, you lost no matter what. There is a movie cliché which teaches us that no matter what you need to cross the line and we get emotional whenever it happens. Why?
Paul Milsapp with a gorgeous set of fakes and a strong finish
Rise in betting on pro golf
The Masters and 78 Years of History (Infographic)
Is it ever okay to say a woman plays like a man?
Live Masters Video
Green tea could cloud Olympic doping tests 
Maybe I Should Shut the Fuck Up for a While 
Opening Day for the Cubs
Did we really need this list?  And scattered across 100 separate pages?
Mets had to give away tickets for today's game vs Atlanta...at least they managed to win 1-0...gonna be a long season...
The NBA sent this to my email.  Rose getting a happy ending.
High school star excels in both track and football. Only has one hand.  It's an amazing story.
Arencibia's three-run homer in 16th lifts Jays in record opener
Mike Tyson Wrestling for WWE - Yahoo! Sports
I find it amusing when the bullpens come running in with an urgency when the benches clear.
Pennsylvania politics &amp; the firing of Joe Paterno - ESPN Magazine Article
Kentucky basketball fan says $150,000 quilt on eBay took 18 years to create
Warren Sapp files for bankruptcy. His average monthly income tops $115,000. Among his assets? 240 pairs of Jordan athletic shoes worth almost $6,500, a $2,250 watch and a lion skin rug worth $1,200.
Who is one athlete you wish you were, and one athlete you're thankful you're not?
No wonder he always gets thrown out
Are Caucasian players having a renaissance in the NBA? (x-post from r/nba)
Roethlisberger using golf to prepare for 2012 season - adds  I am a pretty cerebral guy
Idiot Miami Marlins Manager Apologizes For Saying He ‘Loves’ Fidel Castro 
All I can think of when somebody talks about The 
Masters this weekend
Betson
Louis Oosthuizen shoots a double eagle, fourth time in the history of the masters
You guys did know that Tebow was here in Texas, right?
Thought occurred to me while watching the Masters: Do you think TV Golf producers ever dub bird sounds over the microphone audio?
Ladies and Gentleman your 2012 Masters Champion
Masters 2012 - Bubba Watson Wins &amp; The Memories (Tribute) 
Couples Therapy New York
Usain Bolt Can Easily Shave Still More Time From His Record
Arkansas fans plan Bobby Petrino rally to ‘Save Our Coach.’ Should he be allowed to stay or let go?
Lionel Arfa!
Extremely Wired Tim Duncan Explodes For 50 Points After Trying Sugary Cereal 
Marlins suspend Ozzie Guillen for 5 games for saying he loves Castro - Yahoo! Sports
Jesus + Orioles = ?
A Water Skimming Hole-in-one at the Masters 2012, would this shot count?
I remember getting a knock on my door at 6 a.m. and I could tell as soon as I saw Mr. Snyder’s [owner of the Redskins] face through the peephole that this was not news that I wanted to hear.   I opened the door and Mr. Snyder was crying and before he could say anything.
Petrino Fired!
What's your favorite ESPN 30 for 30?
Bought this at goodwill can anybody tell me who signed it?
Silly soccer player, doesn't he know he can get free porn on the internet?
Cuban national soccer team player defects, seeks asylum in U.S.
| Reuters
Reebok forced to recall Tim Tebow Jersey's, sorry Timmy
This commercial gets me every time
Professional Ultimate Frisbee League
Scott Hall Arrested for Beating His Girlfriend
If this is true, their child will be the best TE ever
Jackie Robinson Deserves More than One Day
Awesome throwback Detroit Tigers tank top
Wow Jamie Moyer is old...
He hasn't been clinically diagnosed, but all signs -- and friends and family -- say Masters champion Bubba Watson has attention deficit disorder. 
Trent Richardson take a leukemia patient to her senior prom...awesome!
10-Foot Alligator Makes For One Heck Of A Water Hazard
My friend designed a social network for sports athletes(check it out!)
Here Comes The Pizza!
Brumbies bash rusty Rebels – Wallabies and Super 15 Rugby News
Not a lot of feel good stories on ESPN.... this is one of them
Everything you know about basketball is wrong (?)
girl disqualified because of doing the right thing
I know most sports talk guys aren't the sharpest tools in the shed but...
First rule of fight club: we don't talk about it
Of course this would happen to the Mets...
I've heard this is good for concussions..
Brandon Inge Has Value At Second Base 
The greatest duel in Formula 1 history. Salut Gilles.
Concussion is nothing to take lightly
30 min of chatting after getting Rejected
What my dad sounded like after the last game
I want to introduce Robert Murtha. 11th grade varsity running back. One of the best in Orange County, Ca.
India v Pakistan... A Bat &amp; Ball War
Delonte West earned a technical foul for giving Gordon Hayward a wet willie (video)
Trick shot quarterback from my sister's college
Introducing the new USA soccer home jersey, inspired by Where's Waldo
This visual monitor is a cool way to track the NFL Draft...
Baseball through the eyes of a Brit
Usain Bolt says he wants to run 9.4 seconds at the Olympics to make him a living legend.
10 Years Of Newspapers Declaring That Mariano Rivera Is Too Old
Jamie Moyer becomes oldest to win a game at 49 years, 150 days
Vintage Duncan.
Are you going to the Olympics?
100 days to the London 2012 Olympics. Can he do it again?
This is really eerie, was looking at Drazen Petrovic highlights, check out 4:14 of this youtube...
Seriously, Time? You've got to be kidding me.
So I manage the Facebook page for the sbnation blog of the Trailblazers... the moderator of the site is a pastor as well, and here are his very cool thoughts about religious expression in sports...
Stephen A Smith tears up Ryan Clark
Boston Red Sox swoon a product of sustained MLB success 
I maintain Fantasy Football Players Rankings in my Free Time... Check it out!!
Wisconsin forbids Jarrod Uthoff from transferring to any B10 or ACC school
Everybody knows Trick luv da kids.
Penn State pays millions to Paterno's estate
Options on how to get tickets for the Champions League final?
Carleton Tinker 'not really sure' how he broke Alabama Crimson Tide's BCS Championship trophy
NFL Moneyball: The Math Says To Draft Players With Criminal Records
Jessica Dorrell Has Resigned, Will Receive $14K From University
Posting A Facebook Photo From The London Olympics Could Land You In Court
Unpopular Sport Forms Strategic Promotional Alliance With Band That Sucks
Close to a new Sole-Surfer
Billy Hunter and NBPA Demanding that Derek Fisher Resign: What do they have to hide???
Nineties women are cosmopolitan, eighties women have mellowed with age, and we all love Beckham.
Searching for Princeton: A look into the Minnesota Timberwolves offensive scheme under Rick Adelman
Predators eliminate Wings with 2-1 win
Real Madrid breaks Spanish league scoring record‏- 109 Goals in 34 Games

Gladiator Hockey League - we score bodies, not points.
This is Kevin Love. Today.
Nets' 35-year stint in New Jersey to end Monday 
Mark Cuban Thinks Owners Should Get Paid For Letting Players in the Olympics 
Did Brendan Ryan Swing?
Brandon Jacobs probed by police of involvement in high-speed caravan of luxury sports cars that included Porsches, Lamborghinis and Ferraris with taped over license plates that two state troopers escorted to Atlantic City last month.
U.S. District Judge Reggie Walton ruled Andy Pettitte will not be allowed to testify that he got his human growth hormone from Brian McNamee, the former Clemens trainer who says he provided Clemens with steroids and HGH. The judge said that would be prejudicial toward Clemens. 
Is acceptance of campus pot smoking altering NFL's drug compass?
Is it finally time for baseball to get instant replay reviews?
I took my long board our for the first time.
Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban still not a fan of international games for NBA players 
I could fall in love with this...
Michael Jordan Continues to Take Bobcats' Losses Hard - SportsPickle Picture
-- Police have arrested Deion Sanders' estranged wife on an assault charge that the Hall of Fame cornerback claims was for breaking into his room and attacking him in front of their children.
Can a Computer Generate Belichick Postgame Speeches?
Tyson Chandler wants NY Knicks to play LeBron James and Miami Heat in playoffs
Colorado Rockies pitcher befriends cancer patient through Twitter
Florida Panthers president in Twitter fight with New Jersey Devils fans
Lakers forward Metta World Peace has been suspended seven games by the NBA for elbowing James Harden, meaning he could miss at least six playoff games.
After watching this, would love to see Blake on SNl
NFL Draft Scouting Book
For all you Canadian Sporting fans, you have fell in love with these two for years.
50 Cent makes Floyd Mayweather very happy
Fighting to Keep World Sports a Fair Game
Clemens lawyer: God help me if we have reached a stage in this country where we make a federal case of denying you committed a crime.. Our government should never, ever prosecute somebody for saying 'I did not do it.' 

NBPA executive director Billy Hunter sought union investment for bank with ties to son

100:1 odds.  You know I'm betting that the Cubs sweep Miami in the 2015 World Series.  I'm not sure how, but it will happen according to Back to the Future II.
Possible Brooklyn Nets Logo.
Thought Kevin Youkilis' batting stance was strange? 
I need help identifying a sport I saw last night.
Golf tips from a 9-year old [x-post from videos]
NFL may have played its last Pro Bowl
NFL to suspend Pro Bowl - likely permanent
An alternative to the Pro Bowl. Sometimes ESPN threads really come through
Washington Capitals Hockey Player Scores Winning Goal, Draws Racist Tweets
The greatest/saddest Redskins jersey - DC Sports Bog
the greatest surf footage i've ever seen-amazing no one died in this
Reddit, I need your help... My nephew is trying to win Clipper tickets. Visit his page and click LIKE!
The Einstein of Basketball
All of Roger Goodell's NFL Draft hugs, in order from shortest to longest (video)
Nationals call up Bryce Harper from AAA..expect debut to be Saturday
Poor Browns fans.  This picture does not inspire confidence.  
Here's Gus Johnson Calling The San Jose Earthquakes' Exciting Last-Second Win
TIL about Ten Cent Beer Night
Serie A players in fear as fan violence and spectre of match-fixing return | Football | The Observer
Jags dump their pre-Anger punters
UK Court rules in favour of former drug cheats - now eligible for Olympics
Cricket: Pakistan to tour Sri Lanka next month - Yahoo! Cricket India
Tom Schaar landed the 1080 on the mega ramp at X-Games Asia
Metta World Peace on Lakers Playbook
2012 London Olympics News | Facebook |Every day update , join us to be part of this amazing time 
Best and worst sporting imports - now Danny Cipriani is gone, who are the imported guns and the bums of your favourite sports teams?
Brooklyn Nets unveil logos, colors for 2012-13.
Is Global Warming Causing More Home Runs in Baseball?: Scientific American
Thanks, Dr. Stern.
KOLKATTA AGAIN WON
Short story about a sport called Gateball &amp; unrequited love - one of our best yet, we reckon.

Brooklyn Nets unveil new Jay-Z-designed logo, colors
Why the braves do the tomahock chop!
Kobe Bryant, Kevin Durant, Dwayne Wade Shout Out to Injured Derrick Rose for Speedy Recovery
Best-paid athletes in 31 sports
Derrick Rose is forever alone (via @MayorBurnsy)
Stoudemire Loses Battle With Glass
Statement on Alleged Pay-to-Injure Program Punishments
Saints' Vilma suspended one year
Finnish Hockey Team's TV Commercial
Junior Seau dead in apparent suicide
Junior Seau dies at 43
As we wait for the puzzle to become clearer, here's a SarahPHI.com thread on Covers.com for your reading entertainment. Members there call her out as a scammer.
Good Guy Coach Schiano
Lionel Messi breaks Gerd Muller's scoring record
Shaq Attack:The Rise of Babies Named ‘Shaquille’ | The Harvard College Sports Analysis Collective
Shaq earning his doctorate this weekend from Barry University.
Former NFL player Junior Seau dead at 43, may have shot himself in chest to preserve brain for study.
Newcastle's Papisss Cissé scores a wonder goal
Unfortunately, Dan Patrick is not The Most Interesting Man In The World. Heartbreaking proof here:
American Ghouls: Metta World Peace, Ray Easterling, and our appetite for sanctioned violence. We ought not to allow people to be destroyed — either all at once, or one concussion at a time — for our amusement. Doing so makes us amoral. Hell, it makes us vampires.
Nothing to see here, just a soccer coach punching his own player in the face during a match
What boxing needs now is a good fight from Mayweather or Pacquiao
Merril Hoge gets a alot of crap. His reaction to Seau is touching.
Report: BU wants to study Junior Seau's brain
Oh, Charles!
J.R. Smith makes an amazing dunk
Tony Sparano on Dolphins vs. Jets Wildcat
Amazing stop on the boundary from Steve smith.
Mariano Rivera Likely To Return, But Will Mo’ Be The Same?
What are your Kentucky Derby Picks
What I'm looking forward to more than tonight's boxing match: the post-fight interview
Question about Floyd Mayweather
One of the biggest floorball turnaments in sweden. We made a live stream. Please watch, as many as possible!
Sound about right? I'll be re-watching on mute.
101 Reasons Why Every Person Should LOVE Sports
Sad Tim Duncan versus Pantomime Buck - who played off being left hanging better?
Crazy catch in Corpus Christi Hooks game.
Patriots tackle Matt Light retires
So Roethlisberger finally graduated college
Posters of all the champions of the FIFA World Cup - AreImages
Oh you're the big 3?
Mota gets a 100-game drug suspension. What's it called where people become what their name is?
From  the AUDL, the new professional Ultimate Frisbee league. Brett Anderson with an enormous layout.
Am I the only one completely annoyed by the Coyotes?
I created an iPhone &amp; iPad app list for sports fans
What are your local pick up basketball game rules?
Why you should ALWAYS bring a glove (and a cup) to the game
Terrell Owens Appears On Dr. Phil To Face His Children’s Mothers [Video]
Reddit in sports
Factors influencing home field advantage
Unscientific Markers of Triathlon Training Fatigue 
Pacquiao's promoter Arum drops the Hitler analogy on Mayweather
Need help with NBA Persuasive Speech
In baseball, if a switch hitter is batting against a switch pitcher (he has a glove that can go on either hand), will the result be advantage to the batter or pitcher?
Why is this Zamboni Driving Down the Highway?
So this is a thing
Super Mario Bo Jackson
You took the time to google it. (I did my best to answer it. Great sports mysteries are explained here.)
Real work teaser 1 (skate video/ extreme sports documentary) currently in the making 
Liverpool's alternative kit on the far right next year...wtf
Trying to figure out all the players on this 1979 Supreme Court Nike Ad. Still missing a few names, can anyone help fill in the blanks?
Respect?
David Ortiz hadn't driven his Audi in months, crashed it in minutes.
Nuggets center Chris Birdman Andersen may be extortion target.
imagine the pressure one this guy for London 2012
I know I'm late - 5 NFL Draft winners
Magic Johnson says Mike Brown will be fired if the Lakers lose tonight.
What an awful display of baserunning.  These guys are paid millions of dol...oh wait.
Nine cyclists injured during race
Federer Vaults Past Nadal Into World No.2 - NYTimes.com
Father Dave's Youtube channel
Manchester United Won EPL After 44 Years 
Kevin Na the ultimate slow play golfer

And the Preakness Stakes' slogan this year is: 'Get Your Preak On'
Ron Washington gave his guy the wrong address. 
Florida State and conference realignment? What's next, and are they actually heading to the Big 12?
TIL - How to Dunk like a Harlem Globetrotter
Don't Stop Relievin...
Young men who play load-bearing sports such as basketball and volleyball have a reduced risk of osteoporosis later in life, according to a new study.
Ump Bill Miller had a bad night, getting hit first by Brett Lawrie's helmet and then a beer thrown by a Blue Jays fan (video)
Incredible SRT Viper Cup Crash at Road America in Elkhart Lake - May 12, 2012 and Interview with David Pintaric
Charles Barkley using a Shake Weight in extreme slo-mo is your nightmare video of the week
How ESPN Lost Its Way | Complex
New York Giants unveil Super Bowl XLVI rings
Pacers president Larry Bird named NBA's Executive of the Year for 2011-2012
Big Ten pushes for condensed bowl season - chicagotribune.com
The game products have developed their business to include different other accessories to attract customers in a game season. These products include caps of different varieties in game colors.
No, Ron Artest, THIS elbow is inadvertent and YOU, sir, are flopping.  
Should the US Olympic Committee receive money from the US Government? Interesting article..what do you think?
Mini-tour player fires 16-under 55, possibly lowest score in golf history. Scorecard image credited to reddit.
Khan Vs Peterson cancelled: Is steroid use injecting poison into combat sports? | Planet Ivy
Giants still intend to enforce their territorial rights in San Jose and block an A's move
A new NBA officiating scandal brought to you by questionable sources
Polo is not a big sport in the U.S. and it's not just for bigwigs anymore...Check out some clips and spread the word about this awesome sport!
Encouraging Words For LeBron James from Cavs fan 
Mike Polk Jr.
I love this boxing video...shit talker supreme [NSFW]
World Champion Casey Stoner announced on 
Thursday afternoon that this season would be his 
last in the sport
What are your thoughts on being kicked out of a game for throwing a baseball back on the field?
Would you listen to a punching bag? - The Dwyane Wade outburst and revisiting the player-coach concept.
Conference realignment: As FSU ponders the Big 12, Georgia Tech fans are a bit concerned.
Final Appearance of Kerry Wood, Beautiful Moment
What fan base cannot you not stand to see win?
Follow Osi on twitter and help LT get his SB XXV ring back!
The Old and Enigmatic Kobe Bryant
The Vikings new corporate mascot
Golden State Warriors to announce move from Oakland to San Francisco
Kings of The Ring (One of the best documentaries I've ever seen on boxing) 
Playoff Atmosphere
Looking Back at a Legend: Michael Jordan
Seeking a Life Beyond the Ironman Triathlon
Video from last night: Eddie Vedder and Chris Chelios Sing The Weight in Chicago Bar While Kerry Wood Offers Support 
Hey /r/sports! My senior project is about typography in sports logos – I'd be very grateful if any of you would take a survey for my research.
The London 2012 Paralympics likely won't be shown in most countries. That's unfortunate for many reasons, but here's what you can do to help.
Control issues: Lions could contend if they ever get act together
2 games after Lance Stephenson mocked LeBron with a choking gesture, Bron's teammate Dexter Pittman drills Stephenson in the neck and then delivered a little wink
Amazing Fake!
VIDEO: NFL players say they're ready to welcome an openly gay teammate
NY Jets player arrested for busting someone's nose &amp; jaw still gets to play, thanks to court playing ball
Eight questions for the LA Clippers in the offseason

Did the Hoyas really win this?? haha
I'll Have Another Will Try to Make Horse Racing and Life Relevant Again
Shaq in talks with Magic for G.M. position
Disappeared?! Kobe’s comments about Pistons shouldn’t bother Detroit Pistons fans
Anyone with espn insider have this article about next years breakout nba players?
some pictures presenting the beauty of football (x-post from r/soccer)
Brilliant!!! Robert Griffin III will be first NFL player with Roman numerals on his jersey
Wojciech Szczęsny during training session before Euro 2012. For those who didn't know, he is a goalkeeper.
Meet the college cops who monitor athletes' Facebooks and read the ridiculous dictionary that defines phrases like bust a nut for coaches
2012 NFL season over/under win totals released
After Mets pitcher hits Braun with a pitch, David Wright refuses to bat for fear of getting hit by ball
Curt Schilling's faltering video game company forced to layoff all 300 employees
College student athletes social media monitoring: trigger words scored 1 [lowest risk] - 3 [highest] for profanity, racial, violence, alcohol, drugs, sex, and “text acronyms. Bud gets a 1, Bud Lite = 2, Keystone = 3. BJ = 1, coochie = 2, gay = 3. LMAO = 1, GTFO = 2, WTF = 3.
Watch the Air Canada Centre in Toronto switch from NHL ice to NBA hardwood in 3 minutes
Stanford renames coaching position after Andrew Luck
J.F.KAHN: Comparing the Timberwolves/Lakers trade talks to the Cuban Missile Crisis
Have you ever tried water skiing.... on a stepladder?
Will San Antonio's experience trump OKC's athleticism? 
UFC fighter Dos Santos fulfills the dream of a poor Brazilian kid
Nike Zoom KD IV Black White Varsity Royal
Baylor football, basketball, baseball set NCAA record for combined wins in a single season.
Devils vs. Kings Stanley Cup Finals Preview
A runner-up to my favorite Brett Favre momet of all time.
AskSports: Is in the Indianapolis 500 overrated?
Coach Stein fuels the Spartan spirit
Oakland A's vs. New York Yankees @ Oakland.  The Yankees swept the three-game series.
Loyalty
Dwyane Wade: No More Quarterback Controversy in Miami
Vishy and Gelfand to clash in the rapid round after a tame draw in the World Chess Championships
David Wright's response to HS bare handed catch: Watch This.
Edinburgh University Korfball Club Parody of Tinie Tempah - Pass Out
Conference Realignment: Does Florida State Have a Right to Complain? A Look at ACC Football Statistics
Amazing Rugby Catch.  BONUS question: Are the players in white running over to tackle him or being good sports and making sure he doesn't break his neck?
A grand jury is investigating “criminal financial misconduct” of the Dodgers and related entities under McCourt
Here's a 14-year-old girl drawing the word sabermetrics at today's National Spelling Bee round (video)
‎I can't remember another story that made me want to alternately punch something and hug something. (x/post from AnythingGoesUltimate)
Do you think they should penalize dishonesty in Professional Sports?
James Franklin: If she looks the part, you got a chance to get hired.
Which sport has the capability of producing the most brutal loses?
best rugby fight ever :) 
Tiger Woods Hangs Out with Google+
New York's WABC reported on the Islanders vs Kings Stanley Cup Finals
Motivate (x-post from r/nba)
How Baseball Jargon Became Nonsense
Vanderbilt coach apologizes for saying he only hires assistants with attractive wives
Gotta pay for those stadiums somehow -- pint of beer at the London Olympics will cost £7.23 (over $11)
Saints Had Weekly Ledger Detailing Bounty Earnings
Johan Santana
Trades as they happen. Good site.
I miss hosts like Kenny Mayne. These catchphrases need to come back.
Tips for someone getting in to playing basketball?
Unrig the Lottery: The Most Obvious (and Important) Hoop Idea
Lose or Die: The Story of Ukrainian Pro Soccer Players Forced to Face a Team of Nazis
So I translated Rudy Fernandez's twitter from Spanish to English using Google Chrome...
Hmm.  Yahoo has a webpage dedicated to sports investigations?
Bosh is not amused. 
My favorite picture, two rivals, and the two beat hitters of all time shaking hands. 
Fantasy Baseball
Who do you believe is the greatest baseball player of all time?
The Houston Astros selected shortstop Carlos Correa with the first overall pick in the 2012 MLB draft.
Ray Lewis shares the emotions of what it takes to build a legacy
Does anyone have tips for increasing vertical leap, specifically for dunking?
The Good Job, Good Effort Kid
This Is Probably The Woman Who Ripped Donald Driver’s Shoe From That Little Kid [UPDATE]
This one is for you, sports fans
ESPN posts Miami was one win away after last nights loss on Facebook...
Awesome! James Harden is a building now. 
I am going to see watch my first game live from a pool.
Boobs! Pete DeBoer Can't Help But Look
England’s Euro 2012 coach driver is a famous orchestra conductor
It must run in the family: Tiger's niece Cheyenne is making her professional golf debut today
Crazy finish to an AFL match up between first place Eagles and fourteenth place Lions. 
So I guess Durant is starring in a new movie entitled Thunderstruck
Maurice Jones-Drew seems to be a really nice guy
Best At Bat of ALL TIME (Finally on Youtube)
Brian Banks released from 5 years of wrongful incarceration and earns formal tryout with Seattle Seahawks
Jeff Van Gundy wearing style glasses during Heat-Celtics pregame show
Hope this doesn't happen during matches...
Fan spills drink on Lebron James
Scottish Rugby Players Butt Heads In Celebration. One Of Them Leaves With Serious Blood Injury.
Olympian Dreams: The Thrill of Victory And the Despairs of Hosting — Why Cities Should Be Wary of Holding the Olympics
I'll Have Another Won't Run in Belmont Stakes, Erases Hopes of First Triple Crown Since 1978
Jon Witnesses the First No-Hitter in Mets History
Horses' Day Off: A Comedy
Behind the Belmont Stakes: the Triple Crown's Toughest Track
The best piece-of-sh** article every athlete and sports fan should read.
Kevin millwood of the Seattle mariners was throwing a no-hitter going into the 7th inning against the Los Angeles dodgers then injured himself throwing warm up pitches before the seventh inning and had to leave
Majoring in Eligibility (the unintended consequences of college sports) - NYTimes.com
Push-ups world champion from 2006 (2060 push-ups in one hour!) and his urban training
Bomani Jones sums up my feelings about the Pacquiao-Bradley decision
Manny Pacquiao stunned (robbed) in split decision
Thought I would share my new desktop background.
Chatting about day 2 of the euro football
The three that broke the Celtics' backs.
LET’S PLAY SOME SPORTSBALL!!! | Three Yards
Watch this and I dare you to tell me Kobe is better than Jordan was
Are there any documentaries for each World Cup like UEFA has for the Euro's?
What can NBC Sports do to make itself better than ESPN?
That's why we [expletive] play. -Dustin Brown on live television after winning the Stanley Cup. GO KINGS GO!
Cuban boxing champion Teofilo Stevenson dies
Whatever happened to the Stanley Cup riot kissing couple?
Does this prove how much of a douche Skip Bayless is?
Altered Lebron
Nike Heels | Nike High Heels | Dunk Heels | Jordan Heels

Curious about the value behind this memorabilia.
Kenyan kids reenact Bill Buckner's error
Former Executive VP of the NBA and current President and GM of 76ers, Rod Thorn's full name is Rodney King Thorn
Taylor Stevens is a professional FSDA. (big boobs)
Andy Roddick imitates Rafa Nadal [xpost from r/tennis]
What is that annoying low siren sound in the NBA Finals broadcast?
a true sports fan (WTF!)
Mike Tyson sings an ode to LeBron James on Jimmy Kimmel
David Stern To Jim Rome: 'Have You Stopped Beating Your Wife Yet?'
USADA charges Armstrong with doping
Worst national anthems sung at games ever
nice goggles
Lance Armstrong slammed by formal doping charges from the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency
My buddy has been given the chance to try and qualify for the Olympics but needs a little help.
More alleged victims to testify in Sandusky trial
Cinderella Stony Brook ready to crash party at College World Series

Race Car Driver Fears Speed
Lance Armstrong banned from world Ironman events over doping probe

First time in a decade Tiger breaks 70 in the first round of the U.S. Open 
Mike Tyson Performs LeBron James - YouTube
What if Vlad Guerrero hadn't played during the steroid era?
Jeremy Lin and Roy Hibbert in the JKL Skype Scavenger Hunt
ESPN continues to be racist
Florida Gators to play Georgetown Hoyas on U.S. naval ship
Blind Guy Tries To Play Basketball
Where's Matt Wogan???
Ervin Santana 1-hits former teammate and good friend, Joe Saunders, day after Saunders gives Santana pep talk
Lebron James' home movies. Seems it started young...
Greece, Spain results are resembling euro zone crisis 
Miami Heat: The Video Room: Unfiltered with Dan Craig
Remember that sweet Twins double play from yesterday? Here's the opposite.
Forman's MONSTER Layout Score (the original Wait for it video)
Mason Sledge and Lee McNeill- Part I
Former Malaysia defender Singh appointed director of football at relegated Blackburn
Euro 2012: Nicklas Bendtner Banned For Underpant Celebration
The go-ahead run is at... fifth... Rangers announcer Dave Barnett's bizarre mid-game rant of nonsense (video)
LeBron James, shooting hoops when he was a kid in his backyard. 
Frankel dominates Queen Anne Stakes at Royal Ascot Day 1, winning his 7th Group 1 race and improves to a perfect 11-11.
Misbah-ul-Haq suspended for over-rate offence
I think this kid is a Thunder fan...
why are players hated by the former team/fans when they pack up and leave for greener pastures after a long time?
Which cleat would be best for an O-lineman?
Heart Trouble Early and Often in H.I.V. Patients
This is how r/sports acts about the heat.
Dan LeBatard dons a Speedo as Charles Barkley emerges from his butt
Who is the Best Athlete in The World?
Anyone else into this Sport/Hobby?
Thank You, LaDainian Tomlinson!
Prolific sports painter LeRoy Neiman -- who painted everyone from Muhammad Ali to Joe Namath -- dies at 91
Joe Maddon Calls Davey Johnson Out
Judge throws out three of 51 counts against Jerry Sandusky
1980s Hair Rocker wants a piece of Kevin Durant for using the nickname Durantula
Any Sports Professionals looking to help out a fellow redditor with Job search? 
Humanity Restored.
Cleaning out my closet. What to do with my Greg Oden jersey?
Interview with Sweaty Headband Girl from Game 4
Congratulations To Bleacher Report On Its $200 Million Acquisition: Slideshow
Open Letter to Fans from Cavaliers Majority Owner Dan Gilbert
I imagine coaching the Miami Heat is similar to caddying for Tiger Woods
Takeo Spikes from the Chargers being a good parent.
Old Article, But Still VERY Interesting.. Life of Anaheim Duck player Robert Stevenson... Er, Bobby Ryan.
The LA Kings lost the puck from the end of the Stanley Cup, but does Patrik Elias have it?
For the Sonics out there...nice little Kemp doco
About Last Night: The Legend of LeBron - The Triangle Blog - Grantland
Wrestle-Off in Times Square Decides Final Olympic Roster Spot
Every girl that watched sports center today...
Tony Parker sues nightclub over injury from Drake-Chris Brown fight
Not The Onion: Spanish golfer DQ'd after caddie caught hiding illegal 15th club in bushes
Best face of the NBA Finals
Woman sues Little League Baseball for getting hit in the face by ball.
NJ woman hit by ball sues Little Leaguer - Other sports- NBC Sports
Yup, pretty much exactly how it happened.
Scott Brooks - best coach in the NBA.  We need more of this in coaching at ALL levels.  
Winning
Sizing up Penn State's liability in abuse scandal | Reuters
Greek hooligans attack rival team on women's volleyball match. (Why must people fight so damn much?) 
Bariloche
Tomas Berdych's profile picture on ESPN is...menacing
Scottie Pippen's only solo SI cover.. Too bad he only lasted 1 season with the Rockets.
What Deron Williams is Thinking
Michigan State, UConn to have season opener at Ramstein Air Base, Germany. Thoughts on NCAA teams playing overseas?
Primary Goals for the Secondary: Highlighting the Defensive Backfield
Terrell Owens -- GRAPHIC Solo Sex Photos Being Shopped 
India's tennis star hits out at the male chauvinists in the Olympic team selection drama. Really proud she stood up for herself. Paes should be ashamed of himself!
First Time Edit
Crackdown On ‘Excessive Grunting’ In Women's Tennis 
Nate Robinson playing basketball in Shaq's giant shoes
Chase Utley.
2012 Ironman Start      
- YouTube
DAE catch the ridiculousness of men's slow pitch softball on ESPN2 earlier tonight?
At age 27, ex-Buc Arron Sears has “almost total loss of function” 
NBA Coach Was Targeted In Extortion Plot | The Smoking Gun
Most NFL Sunday late games will start at 4:25 p.m. ET 
Hockey coach trips child, breaking wrist... outrageous 
Drew Brees drives a cab around NYC randomly quizzing his passengers about concussion safety facts
Sports and Pop Culture: The Evolution and Emergence of ESports
I invented a new sport!
Nadal loses at Wimbledon.
R.A. Dickey climbed Mount Kilimanjaro, the Mets' knuckleballer again beats fear with staunch belief.
Denver brewery makes Clown Question Bro beer. Bryce asks them to donate profits to daughter of killed policewoman. Brewery takes his advice.
Diamondbacks' Second baseman (a.k.a. Aaron Hill)hits for the cycle  2nd time in 2 weeks
USADA files formal doping charges against Lance Armstrong
Usain Bolt comes in 2nd in 100m Jamaican Olympic trials to Yohan The Beast Blake
After being with the sports network for eight years, Erin Andrews is leaving ESPN
euro 2012 watch online soccer
Are there any sports(wo)men who were/are able to play two different sports at a world-series level?
As a Hawks fan, please let this happen: Joe Johnson to the Nets.
TIL that Megamind was based on Stuart Scott's dad. 
Olympics A-Z: No 24 – Rowing / Sport / Home - Morning Star
Missouri and Texas A&amp;Am colleges are official SEC members
Trail Blazers offer free agent Roy Hibbert maximum contract -  Sam Amick - SI.com
Jeneba Tarmoh Withdraws From Olympic 100m Runoff, USA Track &amp; Field Has Giant Mess On Its Hands
From triumph to scandal: Olympians in the social media spotlight 
The legendary tales of Josh Hamilton
Dear r/sports which individual sports channel provides the best programming content? Nfl network, mlb network, nhl network or nba tv?
Celtics sign Jason Terry to 3-year, $15m deal
Manchester United files $100m US IPO
Wimbledon 2012: Men's Quarterfinal Preview
South Africa runner will be first amputee to compete in Olympic Games 
Tennis Racket STRINGS You Along Unless You Choose Wisely
How exactly can attendance be over 100%?
If Oscar Pistorius can run in the Olympics, what's to prevent someone from inventing some kind of prosthetic device for non-amputees to help them run faster?
Blackballed: The playground, the Ivy League, the triangle offense,  and how we dreamed up a “black basketball” and “white basketball.”
Michael Strahan Could Co-Host with Kelly Ripa
This Mets Fan Who Took A Nasty Tumble On Live TV Earns A Yellow Card For Diving [UPDATE]
The annual Wife Carrying World Championships are starting today in Finland. This tomfoolery has been going on since 1992.
Where the Trail Ends 90 Sec. Redbull Teaser
Celtics know return of Big Three isn't enough. What are the plans for the future?

The Joy of Six: Discontinued Olympic sports. From moist seamen clambering over and under boats to the long jump for horses, here's a half-dozen of the most preposterous, now defunct disciplines in the history of the Games

FIFA panel approves Islamic headscarves for women
sylva cover pic
Tour de France 2012, Peter Sagan makes it 3, Stage 6
A Dutch newspaper is reporting that five of Lance Armstrong's former cycling teammates have been given reduced suspensions for admitting to doping in return for testifying against the seven-time Tour de France champion 
Need help with understanding these rules, I'm new to this sport.Be friendly please :)
Memories of Armstrong, doping-marred past resurge at 5th Tour de France stage - The Washington Post
Anabolic Steroids Blog – iSteroids.com » Lacrosse athlete receives four-year ban
Will they never learn? Thrill-seekers gored at Running Of The Bulls festival
Is there any way to watch old MLB games from this season besides MLB.TV?  I'm trying to watch an Atlanta Braves game from June 30.
Reddit, what are your ideas on how to make baseball what it used to be?
Celtic forward Brandon Bass documentary just before he was traded
LA Kings 2011-12 Laser Show, First Game Intro
Lance sues to block doping charges
The Big Picture: Tour de France 2012 - Part 1
Fan updating Facebook smacked by foul ball. Poetic justice indeed.
Classic Toronto Sports fan
Hey Mr. October, stay away from us, it's only July.
Teddy Atlas put a loaded gun to 15 year old Mike Tyson's ear.
Was pretty surprised when I saw Prince Fielder was this big...
Why is it so acceptable for NBA players to demand to play (or not play) for certain teams?
If Lebron gets the most hate from fans. The athlete that gets the least when considering their notoriety  is easily Roger Federer. 
Armstrong sues to block doping charges - Yahoo! News
Mike Tyson’s epic ear bite is helping Evander Holyfield sell BBQ sauce
Ulihrach says he tested positive for norandrosterone
America loves Chris Berman
Roid Age: the paradox of pharmacological puritanism (It's ok for a middle-aged man to take steroids because he no longer has the energy, or erections, of a 20-year-old. But not for an athlete to enhance their performance. Why do we have this paradoxical pharamacological puritanism?)
Do any sports fans here like Putt Putt Golf? Then r/PuttPuttGolf is the place for you!
Chris Berman sings Baby Got Back
Baseball cards in Ohio attic might fetch millions - Yahoo! News
So You Want To See Skip Bayless Fired? Fine, You Monsters
John terry denies being a racist. 
A Blog from the Intersection of Sports and Technology
Has Novak Djokovic become the fittest athlete ever? -- ESPN The Magazine
Bad mittens
I'm not a Boston fan myself, but someone who is and who is good at making videos could make a good montage with this song
Rob Riggle's opening monologue at the ESPYs
Evidence shows Paterno, Spanier, Schultz and Curley did know of 1998 investigation and Paterno failed to take any action. 
2 On 5 - One of the best stories I've read in Sports Illustrated
'I Got Next' — Exploring New York Through Pickup Basketball
Hockey goals mashed up with soccer announcers. Excellent combination.
Bradley Wiggins: I could never dope. It would cost me my reputation, my livelihood, my marraige, my family, my house, my titles
Bowden wants Paterno statue removed
Pac-12, Big Ten conferences call off football partnership 
NASCAR Driver: All Athletes Should Be Barred From Taking Drugs, Supplements...Even Flintstones Vitamins
Cam Newton Is Charging For Autographs. The Horror!
Gunshot victim Bryshon Nellum runs his way to London
FitBit vs NikeFuelBand vs Striiv, which to pick?
Matt Forte gets his deal. Is it smart for the Bears?
Kyrie proves he didn't just come straight out of highschool
If they keep the Joe Paterno statue up they should at least engrave his most famous quote into it:                                      
An Iroquois Lacrosse Squad Beat Team USA For The First Time Ever
love football
Cousins find $3M worth of baseball cards in attic - Video on TODAY.com
Gronk is the man
The Deadly Turn: A History of Deaths in the Tour de France (x post from r/tourdefrance)
NHL’s 2012-13 season set to begin October 11

Olympics 2012: Athletes in training - The Big Picture - Boston.com
2012 Olympics -- How to survive The Incline, a rite of passage for some Olympians - ESPN
Requiem For Linsanity; A Hero’s Fall From Grace
Bob Uecker discusses his experience with a Furry convention between pitches (from 2008)
Why not make sex? Olympic Village Sex: It's Party Time For Athletes At London Olympics 
House of the Week: $1.7 million for hockey legend Doug Gilmour’s East York home
Lost Sports of the Summer Olympics - The Atlantic
By the Numbers: 1992 vs. 2012: Kobe's Dream Team Battle Royale
Does anyone have any clue what might have been said here? [video]
David Aldridge: For every R-T this gets, $1 will be donated to victims of theater shooting
The new Paralympics advert from Channel 4 is fantastic! Apologies if this has already been posted...
Not bad. 
Cleveland Indians RHP Roberto Hernandez receives U.S. visa; will serve three-week suspension
Twins fan unveils Joe Mauer jersey out of his back hair. 
Dr Kaiser Rafiq - Our Managing Director 
Lions’ Aaron Berry arrested on three counts of simple assault
The Bengals may be relinquishing the crown of the modern day NFL Bad Boys. Detroit's taking it back! l Aaron Berry of Detroit Lions arrested again, charged with assault - ESPN
ESPN Explains How to Watch ESPN on the Web If 
You’re Paying for Cable [Video]
Where Have You Gone, Joe Dimaggio? Popular New Stamp Is Backwards
Reason not to showboat. 
Spencer Hall puts the smack down on the NCAA. Read this.
Ohio State Vacated Wins vs Penn State Vacated Wins
Mark Prior has transformed himself as a pitcher for the Pawtucket Red Sox 
Joe Mauer has some DIEHARD fans.
My friends and I had some fun a year ago at a Dbacks game, sitting behind the plate
Paterno family calls NCAA punishment a panicked response, and continue to look more and more clueless. 
Yankees sign ichiro and are in Seattle tonight. Should be interesting.
On the same day: NY Rangers get Rick Nash, NY Yankees get Ichiro, and NYRB get Tim Cahill.  NY OP
Just finished watching American Ninja Warrior. Here is a question for you guys. which pro Athletes of today could complete this obstacle course?
Penn State dropped the ball handling the media. An open letter to Penn State's President.
107 athletes banned from Olympics for doping
Joe Paterno Said Some Supremely Ironic Things To The L.A. Times In 1987
The National Flag has been raised in the Olympic Village. The Athletes are ready to go.Read about it here.
Fifty games suspension for Galvis
The Cost of Raising a Summer Olympian
The different scenarios of Dwight Howard to the Lakers, and the effects on their 2012-2013 performance
Nine Olympic athletes banned for doping offenses including the Ukraine's Nataliya Tobias, who won a bronze medal in the women's 1500m in 2008
Can't wait to one day heckle the shit out of this guy
Probably one of ESPN's creepiest magazine covers
Just started a Little League World Series sub-reddit, these kids are great ballplayers, they love the game, and it's a lot of fun to watch.
South Korean flag mistakenly displayed for North Korean women's soccer team, North Koreans refuse to play, then go on to win 2-0 against Colombia
He is gonna be goooood. 14 year old Washington Huskie commit Tate Martell
CRAZY GOLF TRICK
Could USA Today actually be doing something right on the Internet?
evan-winiker: Ballin': The NBA's Finest Invite You and a Friend to Party Like an Allstar (Bottle Service Not Included)
So my old classmate from High School and College did something great. Good to see a football player doing something nice.
Petition the International Olympic Committee for a Minute of Silence at the 2012 London Olympics | JAMS home
Fascinating look at the intricacies of three Olympic events. 
Analysing London 2012 (Infographic)
Moral of the story: You should have studied harder at school.
The mind mechanics behind Olympic champions
Smith donates $100K to victims
So far today I've won a HanRam jersey and a Vikings hat.  Here's to hoping the Twins can give me a W tonight!
Olympics: Does anyone have a feed without the annoying announcers?
Olympics 2012: Let the games begin! - CBS News
Watching the 2012 Olympics: A Beginner’s Guide  
Who athlete or sporting team/event do you think has the highest chance of being caught doping at the London Olympics?
this is how we play soccer in our country...
There were more tweets on Phelps-Lochte during tape delay vs live
Focus 
Australia forces overtime against France with a 55 foot buzzer beater. Crazy incredible shot. 
TIL there is a one armed table-tennis player from Poland in the Olympics
Chinese hurdler clearing hurdles like a boss (X-post from /r/China)
An Open Letter to Ariel Hsing - a 16-year-old American table tennis phenom
I never realized that women's handball was so intense. (pictures from 2012 Olympics)
Olympic time gaffe causes sad, dramatic holdout in Fencing
‘Flag-gate’ Hits 2012 Olympics
Is it just me or dae think only Koreans seem to get screwed over at least once in every Olympics?
Syrian swimmer proud to swim for country
One of the most renowned handball clubs, AG Copenhagen, just went bankrupt
Does anyone know why this keeps happening to me when I try and log into NBC's live stream of the Olympics?
5 Fascinating Facts about the London 2012 Olympics
Phillies at the trade deadline 
How NBC's coverage of the 2012 Olympics has turned into an IT cautionary tale
Any time someone has looked like superwoman in the history of our sport they have later been found guilty of doping - US Swim Coach
Notre Dame Fighting Irish QB Tommy Rees, LB Carlo Calabre suspended for season opener  
As Both a Dodgers and Browns Fan, This is the Best Picture Ever
The Tunisian Basketball Coach Slaps The Crap Out Of One Of His Players In The Huddle
US women's gymnastics wins gold! 
Shin A-lam, the protesting South Korean fencer, to be awarded a special medal from the FIE (international governing body of fencing) for aspiration to win and respect of the rules.
Highlights: Badminton Players Try To Throw Match - Badminton Video | NBC Olympics
This is McKayla Maroney's vault in slow-motion. It's mind-blowing. (the OP is 15 hours old, so I thought people might still want to see this, but in a karma-free way)
90 year old man pole-vaults, gets new record for age group!
Most of Orange County's high school football teams will get back into action over the next several days
Oscar Pistorius -- double-amputee Olympic sprinter from South Africa. How does Reddit feel?
Why it was advantageous to cheat in badminton (game theory)
Muhammad Ali Tribute: The night before the London Opening Ceremonies, Team USA hosted a gala to honor Muhammad Ali. This tribute video was created for the occasion by remix master Steve Porter.
Murray hits a cracking cross court winner against Tsonga during Wimbledon.
Olympics 2012 Boxing Results: Iranian Fighter Disqualified in Second Afternoon Disgrace
I think about this sketch every time the Olympics roll around.
Kobe Bryant Montage l Highlights from 2011-2012 season and Playoffs!!!!
Longboard Trucks
Minnesota Vikings Punter Chris Kluwe Is Here To Take Your Questions
An often-ignored sport - weightlifting - is far more interesting and mental than people would think.
Chad Johnson admits to having a bad year with Pats.
Fantasy football: Who would you rather have: Mathews, MJD, or DMC?
Family kept grandparents' deaths secret from Chinese diver until she won gold medal. Is this going to far?
Olympic sex craze
Minor-league DJ ejected from game after playing ‘Three Blind Mice’
Jason Whitlock:  Quality Journalist.
To get hit by a pitch
An added level of suspense when watching the Olympics online
Tom Crean's awkward Twitter foul-up
Michael Phelps album of him and all his medals (21)
Why the Rays Could Win the AL East 
George F. Will: Football’s problem with danger on the field isn’t going away - The Washington Post
The U.S.A Mens Basketball Team had a Historic day in London | Sports &amp; Fitness Plus
Caught in the middle: A failed gender test crushed Santhi Soundarajan's Olympic dreams
Ping Pong's American Style: The Most Unifying Social Sport
Being the best ever isn't a bad gig.
Does anyone know where to find the footage of the Olympic badminton players throwing their matches? 
Golf-Smiles for Tiger after being amazed by Grace
| Reuters
Thought I'd do a little vid of how the BBC does online coverage of the Olympic games
U.S. judoka Nick Delpopolo expelled for doping, says he unintentionally ate something baked with marijuana
Got my first radio hosting gig! sportsfans, whats a great name for a high school football wrap up show? 
Olympic legend Phelps: 'I'm done with swimming'
Woah: One-Armed MMA Fighter Destroys His Opponent
NCAA on verge of accepting SFU(Canadian School) as new member
Japanese acrobats from 1904.
Why all Olympians should be more like discus throwers... watch until the end.
Skip Bayless: Where Does Phelps Rank Among All-Time Great Athletes?
Felix cruises to gold in womens 200m
Why are the men's hurdles 110m?
Kobe Bryant says no way to Australia | Sports &amp; Fitness Plus
How I feel as a Browns fan now that Richardson is hurt and Haden is probably suspended
I know we all hate ESPN here, but this is a really thorough and interesting look at the scandal surrounding the 1972 Olympic gold medal basketball game between the United States and Russia 
ESPN reports Dwight Howard has been traded to the Lakers in a four-team deal
A four-team trade that would send Dwight Howard to the Los Angeles Lakers is complete, multiple sources told ESPN on Thursday night - Iguodala to Denver, Bynum and Richardson to 76ers, Harrington, Afflalo, Vucevic to Magic
Usain Bolt's cocky cause I'm that good attitude reminds me of the stickman
Preview of the new season of 30 for 30
FIFA to investigate Mohamed Bin Hammam for bribery.
Team Great Britain tops ‘losers medal table’, according to Americans
The Best This Is Sportscenter Commercials
Story about an ordinary guy training for the 1st NYC Ironman Triathlon
Excited LeBron James Captures Olympic Memories By Shooting Video While Playing Argentina (the onion)
Dude Perfect meets Team USA Men's Basketball
Jackson runs inside the park homerun, (110 mts +) in 13 sec. is he ready for olimpic games?
Any ideas of what Honey Badger could have possibly done?
The Dirt on Hosting Olympic Mountain Biking — Without Mountains
Chad Johnson arrested after allegedly head-butting his wife
250 pound tight end back tucks
Can someone tell me what is the best sport for my body type?
I hate playing sports with this guy
Now that the Olympics are over and the US did really well (again), can we dispense with the argument that the US can't dominate men's soccer because its best athletes play the other big 4 sports
I meet the COOLEST people
Of the 908 medals given out, USA captured over 100. How are we able to completely dominate the rest of the world so consistently?
Did the Agent for Julius Peppers Create a Website to Smear a Reporter Covering the UNC Academic Scandal?
This is what we missed last year because of the NFL lockout....
Red Sox players meet with ownership to tell them they want Valentine out.
I once made this video of the Giro coming through my hometown
RG3′s hero and inspiration on display at his locker.
The Vuelta a España starts in 3 days, please join us at r/peloton for discussions, race threads and fantasy competitions!
Olympic Gold To Celebrate The 40th Anniversary Of Title IX: Women's Olympic success in an inspiration to future generations and a tribute to Title IX and all the pioneering women that sought to compete and have competed over the years.
Dale Sveum - Chicago Cubs World Series will be biggest event in sports history 
Rafael Nadal pulls out of US Open with knee injury
Does anyone else feel the pitching in baseball is getting a little ridiculous?
Felix Hernandez's Perfect Game - All 27 Outs
After 75 years, U.S. men claim first-ever win in Mexico 
Yinz, losses, and the Pirates as the embodiment of the new Pittsburgh - Grantland
NFL Team Profile: Philadelphia Eagles
Usain Bolt - The Fastest Man Who Has Ever Lived (1 hour BBC Documentary)
Poor Kobe: Vanessa Bryant does ‘not want to be married to somebody that can’t win championships’ (lmao)
Top Ten NBA Rookies
I miss Rasheed Wallace. Here's a highlight vid of some of his best moments.
Garmin team boss admits to doping
Usain Bolt - The Fastest Man on the Planet! #5 Magazine Interview
Ok, so British cyclists excelled at the Olympics, but I think Danny MacAskill deserves an honorary mention for bravery...
Ball Champions
Passion For Riding on Vimeo
What's the best sports article you've ever read?
Augusta National adds 2 women for the first time in 80 years
A video game tribute to the 2012 Olympics
Augusta National Golf Club adds first woman members
EverBank Field: Home of the Jacksonville Jaguars - Yahoo! Sports
Eyes on your child: The wild world of recruiting websites
How the pogo stick leapt from classic toy to extreme sport
Reds prospect Billy Hamilton steals record 146th base of the season, breaking Vince Coleman's 29-year-old record
Tony Farmer sentenced to three years in prison. Back story on the kidnapping?
Not sure how I feel about this: Baseball player left with brain damage after being hit by line drive to receive $14.5M 
For all the sports fans on Reddit
Is Football the Best Sport in the U.S.? » The What Blog
The Case Against Punting in Football
So the first Gran Derbi of the year happens at 22:30 CET tonight, opinions? thoughts? predictions?
Asked if he was worried, Girardi said, I don't think I'm going to go jump off a bridge or anything like that.
Best of Jay Onrait and Dan O'toole
Are the Sacramento Kings moving to Virginia Beach?
An oral history of 'White Men Can't Jump' - 
ESPN - OTL: The Long, Strange Trip of Dock Ellis - Cool Online Article Format
MMA event schedule for Sept. 1 cancelled as Jones refuses to fight Sonnen as replacement fighter for injured Henderson
Red Sox Skip out on Johnny Pesky's Funeral. Keep it Classy, Sox!  
Actually this is the dumbest thing I've seen on ESPN
One of my friends is a little too excited about Kobe's birthday
This is the dumbest thing I'VE seen on sportscenter (fixed)
Armstrong stripped of all Tour titles, banned for life
Indians have no plans for managerial changes? Your team has lost 21 of the last 25 and Manny Acta has clearly lost them. Please fire him and promote Sandy Alomar. Also please stop signing players like Grady and Hafner.
Athletics Men's 400m Semi Final  London 2012 Olympic Games

What do you all think of this? NF and Jacksonville insult Los Angeles football fans.
Blockbuster Red Sox-Dodgers Trade in Works - including Crawford, Gonzalez, Beckett, Loney
top 10 creative hockey goals
College football's roots in the Morrill Act and the establishment of land-grant colleges
Joe Posnanski has started his own website (sportsonearth.com) focusing on longer and more in-depth sports articles. 
Lance Armstrong looks like the inbred banjo kid from Deliverance - I thought I was the only one to notice until I saw this
Who was the greatest athlete that never was? I'm going with Marcus Dupree. Just like the 30 for 30 says. 
What kind of ball is this?
NHL new CBA proposal details revealed, not looking good, I hope we have a season this year...
Steroids in Sport: Why do we only hear about baseball and not NHL or NFL as much?
I hope I'm doing Tebow proud: Jim Cantore strikes a familiar post to protect himself from Hurricane Isaac
College Pick 'Em - $15 Amazon Gift Card for Season Winner
Robert Flores and Warren Moon circa early 90s
The Sacramento Kings' Online Store Was Down For More Than Two Months, And No One Noticed
Paralympics 2012: NBC to only screen five-and-a-half hours retrospective coverage of Games
Giddy up now Deion.
The 11 Guys hit Hardest by the Madden Curse
A New Day: Alabama Football 2012
It's college football time!  Week one breakdown from Grantland.
Jets owner: You can never have too much Tebow

Try these drills given by a professional premiere league coach in england.
Olympic athletes already looking towards Rio 2016 and asking How broke is too broke? 
NBA one on one tourney - who wins kobe v. Lebron?
Jody Cundy
Michigan Sports News: Michigan sports all in one place.
Shooting yourself in the carbon blade (foot)
NBC Should Hire This Guy To Announce Every Olympic Event
EA Sports reports record sales for Madden NFL 13, with nearly 1 million units sold in its first 24 hours on the market.
Mississippi State had some problems with their entrance Saturday
Gooooooaaaaal! Spanish broadcasters enhance watching Oregon Football.
Looking for the Proper Subreddit to Sell Some American Football Gear.
Hobo Fantasy Football League needs to fill a few more spots!
Bobby Valentine tells radio host he'd like to punch him when asked if he's checked out
It's good to be Jerry Jones
Football players more likely to develop neurodegenerative disease, study finds

I've never seen this happen before!
Playing in NFL Triples Risk of Alzheimer's, Parkinson's Diseases - US News and World Report
Paralympics 2012: Jonnie Peacock takes T44 100m gold
We have chances of success at the 2014 World Cup said by Steven Gerrard
Art Modell, Stealer of Hearts, Is Dead — an obituary, of sorts by Scott Raab
Texas Tech's decision on Gillispie on hold
High School Football Players Kicked Off Team After Hiring Hookers At Team Hotel
Friend wants to enter a sweepstakes to win this...cmon
Nevada Homeowner Shoots Golfer after Errant Ball Breaks Window
Can anyone help explain why Neil Everett has a NH License plate...from the John Clayton This Is Sportscenter Ad...
Saints Players' Bountygate Suspensions Overturned On Appeal
This is a disgrace...
Saints player suspensions overturned on appeal; ‘Bounty Four’ free to play this Sunday
Texas A&amp;M Picked Up Two National Championships, Two Conference Titles Over The Summer
Lance Armstrong not allowed to run in Chicago marathon - ESPN
Hey guys/gals please watch and enjoy...Top High School Football play.
Nats pitcher on The Wave: Kill it. It’s the worst thing in sports. Sit down and watch the game
I'm sure Paralympics doesn't get love here in r/sports. Give this a watch, you will be impressed. Mens Swimming 100m Backstroke.
The USTA Told This Stellar Junior Player She Was Too Fat For The U.S. Open. Is this fair?
Lance Armstrong banned from Chicago Marathon
Taylor Townsend, 16-year old tennis prodigy and world junior champion and winner of the junior Australian open, had to pay her own way because the USTA say she needs to lose weight. (xpost /r/news)
Come listen Balls Out Sports Talk ... we have rebooted the show. Come listen to the guys talk about current sports and related happenings
The list of player suspensions to start the 16 game NFL season, with more surely to come. How does it compare to other sports around the world?
Saints Bounty Scandal Players Have Suspensions Overturned
Wisconsin played horrible all game long except for the last 3 minutes.  But watching that onside kick replay over again, I can't believe the refs overturned that on video evidence.  
Where can I stream the OU vs Florida A&amp;M game online?
Worst football play of the year so far?
At the TCU Game tonight, a guy landed on the field with a fucking jetpack. 
Any experience with training/practice equipment?
Serena Williams wins fourth U.S. Open title over No. 1 Azarenka
Zlatan honored with a golden plaque at his Swedish youth club Malmo, shows up in socks and flip flops
Jose Canseco: “if you didn’t take steroids, you were just a *%#$!, you were just not part of the team”  | HardballTalk
basketballs starting up soon, any warm up music you would suggest
MLS offered Drogba $10 million per year before he chose to go to China instead
not sure where to post this, but these kids were awesome...damn shame
Power Rankings: Opening results cause shakeup, but nothing's permanent
FIFA Women's World Cup - Official Mascot:  Azerbaijan 2012
Revisionist college football history and the retroactive awarding of mystery titles: Texas A&amp;M and the College Football Space-Time Paradox
The Mets, Bobby Bonilla, and a 25 year, $29.8M deal
Sam Ficken remains PSU kicker
Global crime syndicate fixed soccer match in Canada to make money from online betting.
Wired UK | The meritocracy of Olympic competition is a farce - but that's OK
Ricky Rubio plays Connect Four with Basketballs.  I love this guy.
Follow up to yesterday's Boy quits football team related to pink gloves for mom's breast cancer post... They're letting him back AND he's wearing the gloves all season. He better set records
Met someone pretty cool at this past weeks Jets-Bills game. 
A website that gives a 3D display of sports arenas, including the new Barclays Center 
First Wheelchair MMA Fights To Take Place in UK
A Nickelback #28 Washington Nationals shirt
Did not know he owned an NHL team.
According to ESPN, Derrick Rose is both an NHL owner and Bears player
Sparring POV (Point of View). Guy wearing a GoPro camera while sparring- YouTube
Someone knew how to press the circle button on PS3
That's a pretty amazing lucky save 
South Africa's Dean Greyling only suspended two matches for this brutal elbow to the face of Richie McCaw
Can someone please explain what happens to the Green Bay Packers profits if they don't pay dividends to the shareholders?
a message from NHL.com :(
Antonio Garay honouring Junior Seau before todays football game
You can't make this stuff up..
TIL Bob Beamon's record breaking long jump in the 1968 Olympics was longer than the judges measuring tapes could go. 
Giants' Coughlin Pissed at Bucs Coach Schiano Over Final Play of Game. Schiano: We're not going to quit, that's just the way I coach and teach our players. I don't have any hesitation. That's the way we play -- clean, hard football until they tell us the game's over.
Opinions on baseball's new playoff setup?
The Shark Says Tiger is Intimidated by Rory, and that his 15-Yr Run is Over
(Check out what they do with their new found money) Yunel Escobar suspended three games for gay slur - CBSSports.com
This looks like my company's softball team.  What went wrong here?
A video of the icelandic nation handball team becoming the first small nation to win a medal in a team sport in the olympics.
This is my friend on London 2012 Paralympics. He won silver.  
Let's just call it a lateral career move...
Jay Onrait - A Canadian National Treasure.
I want to go Terry Tate on the first person I see now...
Walter Payton's long lost son
Here are the highlights from the Team Handball league I started. I need a top 10 before tomorrow. Please vote!
Matt Stafford... From the Inside Out
India vs England Live Score T20 WC 2012
Strike!
Canadian short track speed skater a victim of US sabotage, skate was tampered with at world championships
Texas school bars Bible banners at football games
Matt Schaub loses helmet, earlobe...(x-post from r/gifs)
100 years from now, what will the sport landscape look like?
Bodybuilding Tip: Learning to Breathe Correctly for the Best Bodybuilding Results
Matt Schaub loses piece of ear on illegal hit 
Do you think that the call at the end of the Seahawks/Packers game was the end of it?
I hear that people want to boycott football, well here is a petition started by my brother to do just that.
Roger Goodell's head GIF'd on Vince McMahon's body, just because. 
If we want to send a message, we need another sport's ratings to go through the roof.  But what sport can we watch?
Touchdown Seattle
A horrible ending that could ruin someone's fairy tale! Packers vs Seahawks!
D Rose
The Great Referee Collapse of 2012: A teachable moment
If They Overturn This, The Officials Will Not Get Out Of Here Alive: Highlights From Last Night's Seahawks-Packers Radio Calls
In the spirit of last night's ending, SI has compiled the 30 most controversial endings in sports
Do we just hate all commissioners? Rank the 4 major sport commissioners.
Shocking footage of Spanish police beating innocent English fans on the street
 Even Scott Walker Wants the Union Refs Back on the Field
Here's NFL Referee Ed Hochuli's Adorable Response To A Fan Who Emailed To Say He Missed Him
Not many know of Pickleball, yet it's a fantastic sport that needs more publicity!!
Genius.
Refs Cost Fans $250 Million
Can any one say, classic?
Least favorite chant in all of sports?
Zidane's iconic headbutt finally gets a statue in front of the Modern Museum of Art in Paris
Reports: Deal between NFL, referees close 
A statue depicting Zinedine Zidane's head-butt of Marco Materazzi during the 2006 World Cup final is located in front of the Centre Pompidou modern art museum in Paris.
NFL deal with referees has been reached!
NFL Reaches Agreement with Officials
NFL officials agree to deal with league, will return this weekend
Footballer fined S$158,466 for drinking can of beer
The NFL's Replacement Referees  - a Memoriam
The NFL's Refpocalypse Is Over: Did Anyone Win? 
A great start! NBA set to punish flopping this season.
Jiu Jitsu | UFC 152
Skateboarding in Kabul - An FP Slide Show | Foreign Policy
The 117th Australian Football League Grand Final is today!
Any interest in a sporting goods subreddit?
With Derek Boogaard's parents suing the NHLPA, read this article on what we can learn from his tragic story.
Less may be more for preventing major injury in football
PSA: The NRL (Australia/New Zealand rugby league) Grand Final is on today at 7.15am BST, 2.15am EST.
Brother of University of Tennessee hoops star is the most terrifying 8th-grader you’ll ever see  
Watch the Ryder Cup going on right now
What is the best chant that you've heard?
Orioles plane catches 'small' fire, has emergency landing - CBSSports.com
Impact of State Taxes for Teams in salary cap sports? (California Prop 30)
Soccer fans, check out my blog about Italian football
The Red Sox will pick in the top ten for only the second time in the last 40 years, easily the fewest in the league. 
A major Philadelphia heroin dealer was branding his product with LeBron James.
Colts coach Chuck Pagano battling leukemia
The Houston Rockets, with Jeremy Lin now a member of the team, have a nationally televised Christmas-night game in Chicago this season.
cricket live update on any match
Offseason Acquisitions Could Spring Golden State Into The Playoffs
If you could work with any coach in any sport, who would it be and why?
Time lapse video of Miami vs. NC State 
Hey Reddit, I think it's time we invented a new sport for the 21st century. 
Good riddance Bobby Valentine 
Red Sox fire Bobby Valentine
Matt Barkley's 83 yard bomb to Marqise Lee
KJ Da Kidd Next Jason Kidd Top 10 PG c/o 2017
I guess Phelps is good at something else...
Romney and Obama debate the sporting issues of our time [Satire]
Time to go ski. First hill in the country is open in Minnesota
Rugby League player has testicle ruptured in game, keeps playing and has to have it removed after.
What Jerry Sandusky can expect in prison
 Drew Brees breaks Johnny Unitas' touchdown streak
Mexican High School football (Am.) team travels to Texas to play. From SI: Underdogs
TIL about Dimitrius Underwood who signed a $5 million NFL contract and...
British Rugby League Player Paul Wood Ruptures Testicle, Continues Playing, Has Testicle Removed After Game
Sandusky runs risk of sexual assault in prison
Girl sets the World Record for back handspring flips at a high school football game
The Most Amazing Bike Ride You’ll Ever See 
Are Steve Levy or Barry Melrose even at this KHL game currently being broadcast on ESPN2?
Lois Goodman: Tennis Ref's Daughter Calls Affair Accusations 'Completely Made Up'
And more baseball was played in the bottom of the ninth than the Tigers expected...
How I felt after today's Giants game...
Fans should Lockout the NHL and NHLPA
Jerry Sandusky can keep $900K in state pension payments 
As a Detroit Tigers fan... This. 
Lance Armstrong faces prospect of court battle over Tour de France bonus

Am I the only one that sees this resemblance?
Secret meaning of Ronaldo’s new hairdo
Kellen Davis of Chicago Bears raising funds for slain fan's family - ESPN Chicago
Minnesota RB hit, loses decal on helmet! [Video 0:21]
For first time since 1995, Yanks play a playoff game without Derek Jeter. 
Lance Armstrong may take lie detector test to clear his name
r/sports, who are your most hated teams?  (No explanation necessary)
Street Football
2003-NBA team named Charlotte Bobcats
2000-Houston NFL expansion team name narrowed to 5 names, including Bobcats.

What was with this name?  Did everyone want to name their sports team the Bobcats in the early 2000s?
Joe Buck today broadcasted both the NYG/SF football game and the STL/SF baseball game. 
Germany vs Sweden - Great comeback
Does anybody else hate how Sportscenter has become the TMZ of ESPN?
Poor ole Lance....
What a bad day for Lance
Running inspiration 
NCAA Mens Basketball - Indiana preseason #1 in coaches poll. 
BBC 5 live Sport - Peddlers - Cycling's Dirty Truth - 2hr long radio documentary
BBC Radio 5 Live - Peddlers: Cycling's Dirty Truth, October 15 2012 - YouTube
Bill Simmons and Jalen Rose to join ESPN NBA Countdown
Holy Shit that there is a kick. Best in-game FG I've ever seen.
What is a good way to watch a replay of the Tigers/Yankees game from yesterday?
This is incredible dedication and skill
Does anyone know of a good app or internet radio for listening to sports games?
looks like amare stoudemire went on r/popping...
BCS Ranking Week 9: What do the computers love so much about Notre Dame and K-State?!
'No place in cycling': Lance Armstrong stripped of Tour de France titles
Lance took down rebuttal of US Anti-Doping case from his website
New York Islanders following Nets to Brooklyn, sources say - ESPN New York
Oregon/Ohio State agree on two game series in '20-'21
Details released on 2016 Copa America to be held in USA 
Olympic medals 'stolen' as athletes celebrate at London nightclub
Authorities Expose $50M Betting Ring, Arrest 25 after 18-Mo Investigation 
Are there any shows on TV, YouTube or other internet venues, podcasts, etc. that focus on detailed analysis of sports and sports strategy? By which I mean statistical breakdown, physics role in sports, and the like.
SMSU football came to fairmont Mn
A Halloween Rivalry
Sports Journalists, what are the best questions to ask athletes?
Robert Kraft says London ready for an NFL team--Wouldn't this be a travel nightmare for everyone involved? Why does nobody in the NFL seem to acknowledge that? 
Interesting article about the Kung Fu Panda and his struggle with weight control leading up to being MVP of the World Series
Riots in San Fransisco after Giants winning the World Series
This Giants fan refuses to riot with the rest of them.
Here in New Zealand, our national rugby team, the All Blacks, are the pride of the country. Here's an awesome vid (not mine) of our road to victory at last year's World Cup
German Unicycle Hockey Championship! Ice hockey is for the weak!
What's the total cost (roughly) of a team's championship rings?  And who pays for it- the team, the league, or both?
After 20 years Shaq is going back to be a student at LSU again
My fiancée and I accidentally put on Canadian football. He was baffled by the rules and field, but I was pleasantly surprised. What sports have you found surprisingly exciting?
Seems the NHL wants to lock us out of shinny too.
Feels strange to read this after 11 years... Article about Michael Vick from 2001 before the draft discussing his future
Referee’s profanity heard loud and clear by everyone
So i just watched ESPN's 30 for 30:The best that never was......
Are there any examples of athletes who have admitted doping whilst still competing, despite not having tested positive?
The Swiss sport of hornussen. Just a little bit crazy.
GoPro BMX/Inline Compilation
The Glorious Plight of the Buffalo Bills
High School QB Jalan McClendon ejected for imitating Cam Newton's Superman touchdown celebration 
Six days after the end of a tournament, golfer disqualifies himself
Lane Kiffin: Manager acted alone
Feds drop Bernie Fine abuse case
TMZ (so add copious amounts of salt...): Ronda Rousey joins UFC, Strikeforce to fold in Jan.
Houston CB Hayden tears inferior vena cava in practice. It's nothing much, just a vein the size of a garden hose.
Who is the most dedicated owner in sports?
Lolo Jones takes silver medal in bobsled debut 
A moment of silence for the ex-Lakers coach before getting to the Week 10 picks
Who is Ryan Brayn and could he win the MVP?
Mike Trout, Bryce Harper win AL and NL Rookie of the Year awards
This is the latest news on the Floyd Mayeather iPhone app
Yahoo to give 20% of their store due to Sundays Outage
Silver Bowl's Legacy Lives, 112 Years On: With the 
100th Davis Cup tennis final to be played in Prague 
this weekend, a backward glance at finals to 
remember with one of the world's most prestigious 
trophies at stake
Is this the worst basketball player ever?
R.A. Dickey demonstrates how to throw a knuckleball
There's Shrewd, There's Genius, Then There's Marlins Owner Jeffrey Loria 
I'm Drew Brees
Greatest Canadian Athletes
Live-Tweeting the F1 race in Austin
Occupy Comiskey! Jerry Reinsdorf explains the new White Sox ticket prices 
You think it is, but...
Tim Tebow on Johnny Manziel: 'I like his swag' 
TIL Redbull puts too much money in their marketing department
Discussion thread for UFC 154, featuring the return of Georges St-Pierre, at /r/UFC
Just Go Away Gary: The case against Gary Bettman /or the funniest sports article I've read in a long time
Texas A&amp;M allows freshman QB Johnny Manziel to attempt an extra point. It goes about as well as expected.
As someone from Quebec, I'm very proud of this guy ! Also, Same last name !
Frisbee Trick Shots
Shocked this hasn't been submitted to reddit yet.  By far the best college football run I've seen all season [video]
Oscar Robertson - 1958 - Back in Time: March 15 - Photos - SI.com
Using rust as an excuse
Onion Sports: Steelers v. Ravens
Roma vs Torino 2 - 0 All Goals And Highlights [HD] 
Too early to peg UCLA's Shabazz Muhammad as lock for NBA's top draft pick - Yahoo! Sports
Brad Keselowski Drunk During Interview on SportsCenter
NBA Fantasy League. Anyone want to join? 
Al Horford's little brother cannot believe his eyes when a cheerleader walks by his courtside seat after offering him candy
Hector 'Macho' Camacho brain dead
Worst Free-Kick Ever
If you haven't seen it already, ESPN rated some beards of the sporting world
Illinois’ season is summed up in two plays against Northwestern
i love when old guys try this
Is Michael Jordan and his front office taking the right steps to turn the Bobcats into a winner?
it would be highly appreciated if you were to just open this link at close it. you dont have to read the posts or anything they kinda suck but im doing a project for schools and we get more points if we get paigeviews so every view will be helpful. thanks 
Kevin Love keeps play alive
Syracuse Ranked No. 5 In Latest Men’s Basketball Coaches Poll
A great reason why there is no hockey this year
Rodney Williams incredible putback dunk vs. Florida State!!!
Chris Duhon vs Joey Crawford Dance-off
Some of my friends started to make videos and i want to support them a little bit...
The truth behind conference realignment
Ndamukong Suh fined $30K
I plan to start one: brazilian jiu jitsu or boxing.  Which one should I do?
Autistic high school kicker
Hmm, I think it just got a little easier to steal a team's playbook
The winner will actually be the lesser of two evils...
Trail Blazers rookie is afraid of historic statues...lolwut
Interesting how the Bolivian Soccer League is still broadcasting as it is 1980
Good thing there's only been six of them: Powerball winner reportedly used numbers of Royals greats
Mets, David Wright Sign 7-Year Contract Extension
All Ireland Hurling Final 2012(Full Game), Worth a look for those not familiar with the sport!
First Hockey Team Worth 1 BILLION Dollars
So ESPN's front page picture choice is interesting...
Jovan Belcher's murder of girlfriend, suicide made easy by a gun, because a gun always makes it easier
When the commentator says referee's don't use the yellow line to mark first downs on replays.
Shannon Sharpe Said James Brown Was Going to What on Lily Aldridge’s Dress? 
Alex Rodriguez has hip tear, could miss half of 2013
One of the many frustrating hurdles when trying to watch sports online. Powered by RCN, I'm a RCN customer, but RCN is not an option. FAIL.
DAE think these two look like they could be brothers?
International Olympic Committee suspends India
What does Reddit think of my brother's (beta) fantasy sportsbook league game? (xpost from r/FantasyFootball
Who are the unluckiest fans in sports (based on bad luck not bad teams)
Choose your 3 favorite sports (mine are CFB/ NFL/ NBA) When it comes to choking/ bad luck with championships on the line, my teams are the worse 0/8 since 1995.  Who has had worse luck in coming up just short. 
Dick Cheney isn't the only one...
How bad do you want it?
Only god can save us from defeat in Eden test: Sehwag 
Pacquiao Vs Marquez
I know there has to be some ESPN employees here. This is why the ESPN app sucks.
Hitler reacts to news of Sachin's possible retirement
Martin Keown: It is only luck that has stopped a footballer from losing the
Washington Posts holds Photoshop contest in response to Alfred Morris' AMA
Good high school age basketball leauges?
I always thought the NFL was violent, until I started watching Australian football
Congress to investigate the validity of HGH testing in the NFL
Worst referee in the history of the world. period.
Possible Mets and Blue Jays trade: Dickey
After reading this article, I wanted to know how you all felt about  the steriod/PED users in the HOF
The victory of Juan Marquez victory over Manny Pacquiao stamped Marquez as another of the great boxing legends from Mexico.
NHL: Failing or successful southern hockey teams?
So with the world ending tomorrow I pose a question. What is the biggest regret that you have about your favorite team? 
So I'm a big Chicago Bears fan. My secret Santa from my girlfriends family got me this...
3 time Olympian Suzy Favor Hamilton : high class escort in Las Vegas
I'm grateful
Saw this gem on ESPN regarding the lockout
Say Goodnight to the bad guy....Dwyane Wade??
Sean Payton and the New Orleans Saints have agreed to a five-year contract extension
NC STATE BASKETBALL ANTHEM
SPHL Hockey: ...there's a bunch of guys fighting! 
NFL Playoff Schedule 
In your opinion, which sports player or position gets paid the most for the LEAST amount of physical work?
Catch of the Season by Vanderbilt's Chris Boyd in 2012 Music City Bowl
Son of Clippers Owner Found Dead in Malibu - Drug Overdose Suspected
Really? At the bottom.. Celtics rookie Fab Melo... [received] a concussion when he ran into a hotel door
Questions regarding the 1 pt. safety during the Fiesta Bowl
Oh the irony...it makes me happy...
Incredible street football juggling and tricks MUST WATCH !! - YouTube
NHL and NHLPA may have tentative deal thanks to marathon meetings
After 16 hours of negotiating, the NHL and NHLPA finally came to a tentative agreement around 5am this morning, putting an end to the lockout.
Are BCS national championship teams disadvantaged by their long pause in playing time?
After tonight, even the state of Indiana agrees...
Kevin Garnett Tells Melo that LaLa Tastes Like Honey Nut Cheerios
Bill Simmons: Rules for being a true fan
Heskey Actually Won the Ballon D'or
Does anyone have an idea for a sign that a fan could take to a high school basketball game? (x-post askReddit)
Rob Ryan FIRED
Brent Musberger Violates Political Correctness
Man, that leprechaun had a hell of a day.
Katherine Webb (AJ McCarron's girlfriend) reacts to ESPN apology, says that apology isn't needed
Kings to Sonics? [x-post from /r/nba]
Ok, so who's a conspiracy theorist? Notice how on Pat Kane's SCF winning goal, every announcer says that the puck was saved aside, yet there was absolutely no sign that this happened.
Brian Kelly is the latest college coach to interview with the Eagles
Every Johnny Manziel Touchdown (47) (CFB)
Nate Silver talks Super Bowl predictions on ESPN
Sammy Sosa. Yes, I'm the real Sammy Sosa, and this is my Pinterest. 
I was surprised to learn ESPN apparently owns and operates several college bowl games.

Is that appropriate for a sports/news network?  Is the next step owning a league?
David Caldwell, the new Jacksonville GM, says that Tim Tebow's game is not suited for the NFL.
Browns hire Chudzinski as head coach
I got chosen as an Illinois State Scholar! This was my reaction to being invited to an honorary Board Meeting Ceremony
An examination of Livestrong shows the degree to which the charity, Mr. Armstrong’s business interests and those of his associates have long been intertwined.
Surprise, surprise. The Media voted least color-blind by black athletes.
Interview with Angel Heredia, maker of many PEDs. Talks about who uses them and how common it is. Probably the best insight I have received about PEDs. 
This is one area where the NFL can take a ton of notes from MLB.
What Chip Kelly's new Eagles uniforms might look like ... 
Awesome Punt Return By Darrelle Revis!
Want to coach the Oregon Ducks football team? Apply here! (seriously, the job posting is online)
Manti Te'o was victim of hoax involving 'dead' girlfriend
Manti Te'o's girlfriend did not exist
Classic terrible Rick Reilly
Cardinals fullback Reagan Mauia says Manti Teo's fake girlfriend is real and that he has met her. 
In light of this week's events, we should remember that Sir Charles had it right
Lance Armstrong stripped of Olympic medal - CNN.com
Kobe Bryant says he's never lost a 1-on-1 game
What The Sports Media Is Saying
The full transcript of what Mani Te'o told Sports Illustrated about his girlfriend in September. 
Truth!
The Havoc Behind the Eyes
It's only crazy if it doesn't work
Manti Te'o: Will this affect when he is drafted?
Stan ‘The Man’ Musial dies at age 92
Rest in peace, Earl
Harbaugh vs Harbaugh
Russell Westbrook goal tends Nuggets mascot half court shot. 
League sources indicate that the Maloof family has reached an agreement to sell the Sacramento Kings to a Seattle group led by Chris Hansen for $525M.
I was cheering for the patriots just to avoid this
What are your favorite sports YouTube channels?
First wrist wrap. How'd I do
See the results for the Scalabrine challenge, nicknamed the Scallenge, for yourself. The White Mamba never fails to entertain!
Justin Rose Picks Up a Stroke Because A Ghost Moved His Ball
Tony Romo spotted at High School Basketball Game.
Big Baby needs his PBJ. 
Friends original hockey pad design ripped off by Vaughn. Please show him some support.
New Orleans Hornets to announce change to Pelicans at Thursday news conference
The Arizona Diamondbacks have talked about trading an outfielder for virtually the entire offseason.  - MLB News | FOX Sports on MSN
Enjoy your moment young man... 8th grader with Down Syndrome makes not one but two three pointers in high school basketball game. 
New Orleans Hornets to officially become Pelicans
Sports are a civil right for disabled, US says
Looking to conjecture on what sports would look like if something had gone differently? Join us in /r/sportswhatif
craigslist: man seeking pretend woman (catfish) for manti-te'o-style role play
SportsLab: The Next Generation Football Playbook iPad App
Australian Open: Victoria Azarenka beats Li Na to defend title
Jackson Strong's runaway sled at the X-games
Is Tiger Back?
Family friend, Denton Wallace, hits a 3 from other teams free throw line to win the game
Weird story about one of the worst players in 49ers history
Miami 'BALCO' is Center of DEA &amp; MLB Probe
The White Album - Grantland article on Royce White and his radical views on mental illness
A-Rod in new Spirit Air ad campaign. He really has become a laughingstock.
For the good of all American sports fans, sign this
So Dan Marino has a child out of wedlock and it's front page news...Antonio Cromatie is out there somewhere, just shaking his head.
Caleb Moore dies after Snowmobile crash
Am I the only one that thinks this guy shouldn't be getting the ice time he has been?
TIL the Super Bowl is used to pick up young women.
Not invited to any parties this year? Or were you, but they're lame? Come watch US... WATCH... The Super Bowl! BurkeCast's ONLINE SUPERBOWL PARTY!
Peterson Wins MVP over Manning!!
The Suit &amp; Tie Series : Countdown Day 1 : 2013 Superbowl : New Orleans
17 Month Old Golf Phenom
ALL THE FUSES!!!!!
Just small time me with a big time basketball star at a Super Bowl party. 
To all the non Americans who don't understand what the superbowl is about...
What could have been the funniest superbowl commercial.
James Surowiecki: The Case for Legalized Sports Betting : The New Yorker
coolest GIF from Super Bowl XLVII
Jeff Passan Dismayed by Calvin Klein Super Bowl Ad
Tired of Sportcenter? Found these guys. 
Support a Small time hockey team's alumni in its effort to fund a team trip! Just Like our FB page to help us generate interest and eventually fund an all you can drink trip to a Pittsburgh hockey tourny for our thirsty alumni!
Had this one dropped on me by our German buddy recently
Reebok's Live With Fire Campaign from the SuperBowl w/ NHL Stars - Behind The Scenes
Lance Armstrong Under Investigation for Obstruction, Witness Tampering and Intimidation
NFL reinstates suspended coach Gregg Williams; Titans hire him as assistant coach
Flacco told his SIDELINE teammates to tackle punt returner on the last play of the Super Bowl
Joe Flacco's odd plan to stop potential Super Bowl TD
Adrian Peterson ran for over 1,000 yards in 7 games after suffering a sports hernia
Gets racially abused?... Takes justice into his own hands
Mike Tyson's Fights in Chronological Order
USA 7's team member and Rugby's fastest player Carlin Isles speaks about his rapid rise to fame
Went into my department head's office yesterday to talk to him about an internship. Upon entering I immediately noticed these, which opened up the door for easy conversation. Patrick Roy &amp; Wayne The Great One Gretzky. 
What are the logistics behind match-fixing?
Dave Zirin: Bad Sports- How Greedy Owners are Ruining the Games we Love. Public Funding, Corruption and Shady Backroom Deals. 
Sandro Viletta - worker on the track
New AP Investigation: Europol estimates of match fixing may be low. At least 50 nations in 2012 had match-fixing investigations
Wrestling may be cut from Olympic Games
Must-see morning clip: Mike Piazza discusses his memoir with Jon Stewart - Salon.com
Three WWE stars, who once were decorated high school and college wrestlers, on the elimination of wrestling from the Olympics
Most talented athlete?
Redskins believe RG3 has “legitimate chance” to start opener
High school basketball players set aside rivalry to give special needs senior a shot at glory (x-post from videos)
Toledo football player to forgo last year of eligibility to be with sick fiancee
Headline on ESPN reads Yanks' Youkilis: 'I'll always be a Red Sock'. Red Sox fans: do players EVER refer to themselves as a red sock in the singular? 
What 4 athletes from the last 25 years are on the Sports Mt. Rushmore?
I was one of the replacement refs this year...
Nike knew!
Watch College Gameday on ESPN
The creator of sports radio as we know it today, Glenn Ordway, signs off for the last time with The Big Show
2013 Dunk Contest
Good: Lance finished 7 in triathalon. Bad: Snubs fan who was holding out medal for him at finish. Good: well, I don't have a good -  it was his daughter.
Michael Jordan's 50 Greatest Plays of all Time
New Toronto Maple Leafs song. For all you Leaf fans out there.
Indiana Hoosiers stay No. 1 in AP Top 25, with Miami Hurricanes 2nd  
ncredibly rare footage from 1992 during Smith’s preparation for his sensational portrayal of Muhammad Ali in, “The Greatest.”
Local basketball couch is selected to do a half-court shot, that wins a student a free semester of tuition
Awesome Basketball Shots
UNC, UVa, and Georgia Tech mentioned as possible Big Ten members in new updates
Referee Straps on GoPro Camera in Rugby Match.  Check out what the Ref sees.
9 Balls, 1 Hole (SFW)
After 16 years, The Buffalo Sabres have fired coach Lindy Ruff. 
Sports unites - in wrestling the USA, Russia, Cuba and Iran are on the same side
Are there any pure sports left?
So I go to FAU, and our football stadium just got a new name.
Books Chosen for the Epigram Impetus Recipe Bible Ch.1 Page 356.) Dick Vitale “Living a Dream, Reflection of 25 Years Sitting in the best seat in the house” (Copyright 2003)….  Sports Book Review: Dick Vitale's Living a Dream: Reflections on 25 Year...
Sports Yapper
U.S. Justice Department joins fraud lawsuit against Lance Armstrong
Alpine week away
Fauja Singh, at 101, is the world's oldest marathoner. Yet unrecognized by Guiness.
How Turkish Men Lift Weights
Photo: Gronkowski drops 9K On Super Bowl Bar Tab
NCAA basketball referee attempts to argue with SLU radio commentator while broadcast is on the air.
The US government has joined a lawsuit against Lance Armstrong after talks with his lawyers broke down
Palestinians Protest Marathon Route Through Annexed Territory to Sponsors
Cheerleader nets half-court forward flip basketball shot
Who has had a good week and bad week in the sporting world? 
The biggest Macedonian flag on Metalurg - Bjerringbro/Silkeborg [2013/HD]
BT buys ESPN'S UK and Ireland TV channels
An inspiration to us all; Derek Redmond!
8th Grader that got scholarship offers from LSU and Alabama
Crimson Tide offer scholarship to eighth-grader.
Daytona 500's television ratings increase by 24% from 2012 with Danica Patrick starting from the pole.
If you hate/kind of dislike/whatever Michigan and LOVE/like/they're ok Texas...CHOOSE TEXAS.
What is the one fictional sports event or story that will never happen, but you wish you could witness.
Journalistic standards in reporting of the Te’o hoax: Q&amp;A with Deadspin’s Tommy Craggs
How do/should we define what is a sport?
Is there a subreddit for sports uniforms?
Lance Armstrong: Justice Department joining Floyd Landis' fraud lawsuit
Great high school top 10 dunks compilation.  The guy at #1 (2:35) is FLYING. [3:16]
In an age of stupid and selfish pro athletes, amazing to see this Chicago Bear's selflessness off the field.
Golf through an 85-meter bowl of noodles
BMX Gets Some Energy With New Monster Army Recon Tour - Forbes
The Chicago Blackhawk’s “Boy Behind the Glass” Is Back At Last
Little Boy McIlroy
Bulgaria's wrestling coach starts hunger strike
Fan invades pitch to score a penalty!!!
Stunning End to High School Sectional Final
16-year-old HS junior Mary Cain wins mile at USA Indoor Championships
The Mets know how to hold a grudge:  Mike Piazza version
Joe Flacco's Reaction when he heard his contract is worth $20.1million/year
Miami heat ray allen fights j barea 
NCAA lifts ban that limited reporters' in-game tweets 
very interesting
Trey Burke Steals Win...
My nominee for basketball block of the year! [vid]
Texans' Antonio Smith says what everyone is thinking about Manti Te'o: People would kill him in our locker room
Right a wrong.  Vote 4 Denard Robinson to be on the cover of EA Sports and stop cheaters from winning.
He can play now. Derrick Rose is cleared to return.
NHL Players vs NBA players fight at a bar, who would win?
Clarke promotion would add stability to line-up - Warner
Jim Ross on DeAndre Jordan posterizing Brandon Knight.
This is purely rumor, im not trying to say Crean is guilty at all, but rumor has it he went after Craft after the OSU-IU bball game.  
A college wrestler finished in second place and threw his medal in the trash.
Why the Wizards moved announcer Steve Buckhantz off the floor
I love Football. These are my two favorite teams.
If you're a fan of sport and have never heard the name Brian O'Driscoll, click this link. [VID - 8:21]
Lance Armstrong Compares Himself To Former President Clinton, Calls Him His ‘Hero’
Squash player James Willstrop nails the fake shot - video | Sport
An Indescribable Feeling
Not all Gatorade Baths go as planned....
David Cameron and Michael Gove's Olympic legacy for sport in schools: A case study of how not to do it.
Is the first row sports desktop app ok to download?
Not all footballers are C&amp;NTS - Ipswich Town's Tyrone Mings gives tickets to 'skint' fan
Grantland down?
For those of you who haven't made a bracket yet, I made an auto-bracket tool for a friend. Check it out!
March Madness: Which experts had the best brackets last year, and what are they predicting this year?
Check out our show! We're not pros but we do great analysis and fast way to get all the important sports.
Torn ankle ligaments, the recovery time and questions about tenderness
Becoming the All-Terrain Human
Did Rick Reilly actually write and submit this article?  How on EARTH is he allowed to do this?  Not surprisingly, he turned off the comments section.
X Games Men's Snowboard SuperPipe Finals - Iouri Podladtchikov first person to land double cork 1440 in competition
Someone has been on the computer too long.
Who do you think is the most underrated player currently playing in the NBA? I say Shane Battier.
Crimsanity - Harvard basketball wins 1st NCAA Tournament game!
24 years ago tonight. I was there. One of the definitive experiences of my adolescence.
Any collectors out there? I just created a new sub reddit dedicated to autograph and memorabilia collectors! 
Who does America think will make it to the finals?
Math guru is Bulter basketball's secret weapon
Harvey Updyke pleads guilty to poisoning Toomer's Oaks 
hey r/sports! my friend is doing a survey for his grad paper and needs some help,just answer a few questions.
Gianluca Francioni asks $ 150,000 for damages and calls into question the town of Corridonia
nike releases new controversial tiger woods ad
Do you have what it takes to be a hero? Find out at the MARITIME MUSEUM - YouTubDo you have what it takes to be a hero? Find out at the MARITIME MUSEUM
e
Celtics say they don't care anymore about Atlantic Division, but they need to care ...
An App That Moves Sports Fans to Better Seats


Tony Romo has 6-year deal with Dallas Cowboys, sources
#Dufnering
Only one more day... (x-post r/baseball)
Jose Canseco doing advertising FOR steroids!
Watching Kevin Ware's injury
You're the Buc's GM, would you trade the 13th overall pick for Revis?
Louisville upsets #1 seed Baylor in Women's Tournament
Really? I really dislike Twitter sometimes
I don't know about you guys, but I'm going to remember exactly where I was and what I was doing when the Kevin Ware injury gets brought up.
Not to compete with Wares's leg break (which was worse) but this was a pretty grim one too.
Hoping for advice regarding American Football
Sagan's cannondale new test frame
An interesting look at NCAA President Mark Emmert's past
Hey MLB what about the Amish? How long are we going to keep ‘em down on the farm?
big free-for-all, Austrian U15 Ice Hockey teams. watch the guy at 0:50 who jumps into the battle. lol
Mark Cuban would give Brittney Griner opportunity with Dallas Mavericks
African Americans should not trust 'devilish' white people- Coach Chino Wilson
We have to admit we know we have a problem
slowest 60m race that you will ever see.
Sports fans should mourn the loss of Roger Ebert if only for this epic take down of Jay Mariotti
Is this the greatest sports news hoax of all time?
What is the most exciting/moving/memorable moment in sports you've ever seen involving a team or person you do *not* normally root for?
Gallinari out for season with torn ACL
Why do sports fans get all the live streaming love from networks?
GoPro Wheelchair Basketball footage at the 2013 NCAA Final Four
Can someone tell me the name of that boxer that was known for dancing / ghosting (old school legend)
Anyone play on any of the daily fantasy sports leagues?
It's Masters Week!
Iconic Nurburgring closed due to naughty graffiti | World of Sport
Tiger played a practice round today with 14 year old Tianlang Guan, who wasn't even born when Tiger won his first Masters
Are there any special names for non-alum/non-student fanbases for a specific school?
Kobe on Rutgers Coaching Scandal. I would have smacked the hell outta him. [1:19]
Kobe Bryant 1st player with at least 47 points, 8 rebs, 5 assists, 4 blocks &amp; 3 steals in an NBA game
I can't even shoot 70 at my local 3-par. This 14 Year-old kid shoots +1 in his 1st Round at the Masters.
2013 Yale Hockey Team Seeking to Make History
الوداد البيضاوي 1 - 1 النادي القنيطري 12/4/2013
The history of the strike zone
The Real Story of Baseball's Integration That You Won't See in 42
Pretty Great Triple Play by the Yankees. [vid]
You're an asshole if you do this.
Man Shoots Himself in the Head at NRA-sponsored NASCAR Race
Painting for the Dad Vails Crew Competition...hope i win
not often it gets said, but you're classy Yankees.
Yankee Stadium sings Sweet Caroline in support of Boston.
Getting really close to finding out where the Kings will end up. We need basketball in Seattle.
So this made me laugh...
Phil Jackson itching to return to NBA
This gives me hope.
“This is more than hockey tonight. The hockey game is somewhat secondary to 18,000 people who are saying, ‘We’re not afraid of who did this. We stand united.’
Referee Josh Rosenthal pleads guilty to charges for owning $6 million worth of marijuana | Cagewriter - Yahoo! Sports
NFL schedule out tonight, one step closer to kickoff.
My Basketball Coach says to not trust Devilish White men and kill them!
Do colleges and universities put too much emphasis on athletics? A new article from Drake University examines both sides of the issue...what is your opinion?
SHOCKING! Ex-Real Madrid Coach Luxemburgo (Grêmio) attacked by players and coach of Huachipato
AMAZING KID WITH FOOTBALL SKILLS!
The craziest base-running situation in Major League Baseball history happened today.
Rutgers Men’s Lacrosse Coach Suspended With Pay Amid Investigation And Accusations of Verbal Abuse
Marquez takes the record as the youngest rider to win a premier-class grand prix motorcycle race.
Copa Del Rey Final Tickets at Lowest Prices.
The cannibal of Liverpool FC
Seventh Woods - 14 year old high school basketball phenom (xpost r/videos)
Speed Skater Apolo Ohno has retired and has joined NBC as a correspondent.
University of Michigan football coach Bradey Hoke has to promise students doughnuts on gamedays to encourage student attendance
New Jersey sportswriter brings his 7-year-old daughter to the office for Take Your Child to Work Day and has her interview 7-foot-1 Kentucky-bound basketball prospect Karl Towns. It's seriously the most adorable thing ever. (x-post from /r/newjersey)
Every time the Patriots trade down in the draft.
If you haven't heard of Mountain Biking, watch this film.
Out in the Great Alone - Grantland's Brian Phillips stunning look into the most difficult race on the planet, the Iditarod.
Throwing Subreddit(Track&amp;Field)?
New York Jets release Tim Tebow after one season
As a person from LA, This is all I can say after that horrible Lakers season.
I'm sure this was the best picture they could find of Collins
B10 Ten to add The Farm to it's places to play.
Had to make this
Chris Broussard immediately criticizes Jason Collins decision to come out.
NBA relocation committee has voted unanimously not to move the Sacramento Kings to Seattle
Italy: Gianluca Francioni asks $ 150,000 for damages and calls into question the town of Corridonia
This needs to be captioned so bad! Redditors get to work!
The most important play in my high school's football team history. Over 5,000 people were there. I'll post a picture of what it looked like in the comments if i can find it.
Yo I don't know if you guys follow basketball but I would not like to be Omer Asik right now
Sergio Ramos &amp; Jose Mourinho share a long hug at Real Madrid training
Final strike top of the 3rd.
This dog is a very dedicated baseball fan
As a boxing enthusiast, this pretty much sums up how I feel about the state of the sport right now...
There are two types of people who don't care about Jason Collins coming out
Watching Mayweather vs. Guerrero right now. Are sports rigged? And if it is, how?
He thought I was talking about Pokemon
Sports fans of Reddit: which city has the most underrated fan base??
Matt Harvey - perfect so far...
This is 22 year old Jeff Hassler. He plays 15s and 7s rugby for Canada. Worth a watch for impressive athleticism.
Cory Booker came on my college radio show! (Link inside)
Really... They can't even make it somewhat interesting. Thank God for my bottle of Jameson.
Presenting the best and most advanced downhill bike ever built
Anyone watch this game? Heat v. Bulls May 10, 2013
Has anyone ever built a golf course?
New Awesome Sport Video! Sporthocker in Rome!
If you attend the University of Memphis, you have something very special to be proud of. Thought I would share this heart warming story with Reddit.
FC Barcelona drunk on a bus, celebrating 2013 La Liga title
Bob Cousy, Elgin Baylor, Walt Frazier, Tommy Heinsohn, and others talk about travel in the NBA back in the day
Pogostick : Backflip World Record
The big breakthrough in McIlroy’s career came in 2011 when he landed the US Open at Bethesda, Maryland, crushing the field by securing an 8 stroke victory over Australia’s Jason Day. It had been a tremendous response from McIlroy after a crushing blow at the 2011 US Masters.
Why can't football and basketball players return to college if they are not drafted?
Unbelievable volley after a corner: Andrew Crennell (Peel) scores the goal of his life v St George's
Anyone heard of combat juggling? I heard about it in Obscure Sports Quarterly. I'm thinking it should be on The Ocho.
I want to start doing sports but Im not sure which to choose
i couldn't help but make this after palace won the play-off final
French Open Player Uses iPhone to Dispute Call During Match
Sensationalist sports media reform: Can it become a reality?
Lukas Podolski (Arsenal FC) shows off his basketball skills as Germany train in the USA
I wish this man wore google glasses. First class.
Boston Winner Will Donate His Medal
TIL Russia's estimated cost to host the Sochi Olympics is $51 Billion. $45 Billion MORE than the cost of the Vancouver Games in 2010.
Audio: Mike Francesa destroys John Buccigross and ESPN
Oakland A's Fans Are An Interesting Bunch
Olympic medals for next year's Winter Olympics unveiled in St. Petersburg
Gabriel Tamas (West Brom) arrested by the Romanian police for drunkenly breaking a door at 7:47 AM
Does anyone know why I got a postion change?
The Best Talk To You Like A Five Year Old Sports Books
As a Tiger's fan asking a Giants fan, WTH happened to Tim Lincecum?
you must enjoy that post
Is there a good app/site like ESPN Passport (app now dead) that keeps track of sport events/arenas attended?
111-year-old Yankees fan gets a special day with team
Yahoo just posted their list of 'what if' athletes, thought it was interesting so i was wondering who else should be on the list?
Ha! The land is still burning! Relive the Awesomeness!!
Genoa president Enrico Preziosi kicks a journalist, smashes his camera
HS kid catches a home run and lands beyond the fence. Umpires rule it a home run. What is your call?
Gallen vs Myles // State of Origin Fight (Rugby League) [GIF]
Broadcast footage of Magglio Ordonez's World Series-clinching walk-off home run in the 2006 ALCS
First Robinson Cano, now Kevin Durant, who's next?
What the Rugby World Cup has taught us so far
maths, computer tutor, educational software
Tide is indeed rising at Bama under Saban
McLaren drops appeal on Hungary pit incident after being removed from the constructors' championship
Dallas Cowboys interested in Tank Johnson...
Wikipedia lists the greatest sports blunders of all time
Pain and regret: An ex-NFL lineman's struggle with health problems
How Deep Does Belicheck's Cheating Go?
BICYCLING: Steve Loo is Changing the World
Arbitrators find Floyd Landis guilty of doping; he must now forfeit Tour de France title
Soccer: Jose Mourinho Quits Chelsea - The Ego Has Crashed
The sleaze bag who wants to buy Arsenal FC
'The Birth of Christ' trailer
Ask Reddit: Why don't they make really fat guys into hockey goalies?
austria shows backbone - euro 2008 without the austrian soccer team
The votes are in: Bonds' 756 ball will be branded with an asterisk
RUGBY WORLD CUP 2007 - The Rules
Bettini wins world cycling championships
Ask Sports Reddit: Are the 2007 Padres the first team to be eliminated on a blown call?
Enough info to sound clever when talking about the MLB playoffs
Why the MLB needs Video Replay.
Yankees Drop Game 1 in ALDS
Say it ain't so, Fallenblackrolemodel no. 60871! Say it ain't so!
Yankees facing major rebuilding job
The 10 Best Candidates To Replace Joe Torre As Manager Of The Yankees
The Man Who Replaces Joe Torre Will Have The Worst Job In Baseball
Teens are crazy about cosmic bowling
buy anabolic steroids like deca-durabolin, sustanon, dianabol, winstrol, HGH,...
[video] Oooops! He missed that ball
MLB: Starting Wakefield over Beckett: Mistake? (What do you think?)
Kneel before the Pats, 'cause the Pats ain't kneeling
Joe Torre should walk away from the Yankees
Russia Beats England 2:1
Kobe to resign (not this again!)
Indian fans face racism charges
South Africa beat England 15 - 6 to win the rugby world cup 
Deep Meditation Music for Troubled Individuals
Drug Addiction Programs
Raikkonen Wins Formula One Title
The Kobe conundrum
Hilarious New Video
World Series Ticket Website Hacked?
Free Taco At Taco Bell Thanks To Stolen Base In World Series
Want To Improve the World Series?  Legalize Steroids
Howard Webb to Referee Arsenal vs Man Utd this weekend
Jon Kitna and his wife: Best Halloween Costume Ever
Jaguars aquire DT Grady Jackson
Hingis Accused of Positive Drug Test
[MLB] Joe Torre officially hired to manage LA Dodgers
A-Rod: Love Him? or Leave Him?
There's no such thing as an asterisk in baseball. Barry Bonds says he'll boycott hall of Fame if he gets an asterisk.
Seattle group offers to buy Sonics from Bennett
Hey Sports Redditors: Why don't we try actually LOOKING at the front page before submitting articles so that we don't end up with 50 more about Barry Bonds and Martina Hingis?
How to Jump Higher
A billion people could watch Arsenal vs Manchester United today
11/3/07 - Arsenal Tie Manchester United In The FInal Minutes.  2-2.  Arsenal  Remain Unbeaten In The Current EPL Campaign.
Billiard and Pool Rules
The Pittsburgh Pirates. Still the best AAA in the Majors.
Dr Dave's TRUTHblog: NBC's Sunday Night Football becomes overt lefty propoganists
All Black turns up to play a game for English amatuer club
 Baseball GMs recommend instant replay for first time
[NBA] Anderson Varejao might sign with the Cavs afterall
London Unveils 2012 Olympic Stadium Plan
Clinton Portis is my hero.
A football power in a small Kansas town has won 51 games in a row, outscored opponents this season, 704-0
What a lot of petro-dollars I have.  What shall do with them all?  I know - I'll get me a Tiger Woods 
How long will Rafael Benitez survive at Liverpool?
New England Patriots to Use Wind Energy at Gillette Stadium
Roger Federer loses 2 consecutive matches.  First time in 4 and a half years.
Serfs of the Turf
Corporate brands prepare for bad PR around Olympics.
Federal grand jury indicts Barry Bonds
Baseball star Barry Bonds indicted of perjury
[NBA] Lakers agreed to trade Kobe to Detroit! The player veto the trade!
Cheerleader (hot) schools the boys in bagging deer
Does the NBA Want Yi Out of the All-Star Game?
NFL Week 11 Preview and Predictions
Israel beat Russia in Euro 2008 qualifiying shock
Pete Rose vs. Barry Bonds: Who's Damaged Baseball More ?
Ok? What Would Your Do Mr. Football Coach??
Michigan: Get your shame face on.
You.Fail.At.Surfing (video)
Rapper Lil' Romeo Signs to Play Basketball at USC (Video)
Hockey: Only in Canada would the leading newspaper invest this much time and analysis on the statistical implications of a new rule.
For 2 NFL Brothers, a Thanksgiving Rivalry
Oakland A's pitcher Joe Kennedy dies. RIP
College Football's Most Valuable Franchises
10 things to do during Euro 2008
NFL: Never Underestimate The Kicker [VIDEO]
The NFL jersey you wear ... and what it says about you
Franchione upstages Callahan's firing
Comcast: The NFL Is Trying To Enrich Themselves By Taking Games Off Of Free Broadcast
Redskins Sean Taylor Shot - In Critical Condition!
Nutt Will Replace Orgeron at Ole Miss
Top 100 Facts for Chuck Norris
Things Bo Jackson has done that I haven't-dented a man's chest, hit a girl with a bat, killed a bear with a handgun, etc.
Dr. Z's NFL Power Ranking for 11/28/2007
Watch INDIA vs PAKISTAN 2nd TEST DAY1 LIVE FOR FREE ONLINE
Vick is going to be put away for a very long time.....
Paterno's pay is now public: $512,664
Wear the Shirt
The next Mr. Olympia?
A Boxing Fan Looks At MMA: A History Lession
How to fix instant replay in the NFL
Pelini to Officially Be Named Coach at Nebraska 
20 Years of Mike Tyson Quotes
Bike Snob NYC: Snow Day: What To Do When You Can't Ride
NFL TV Distribution Maps -- Will the game be on in your market?
Stephen A Smith Hates Blogs
Favre is SI's Sportsman of the Year
The Patriots Conspiracy?
American tennis is in its worst period in recent memory.  Here's why.
ESPN gives Joe Theismann Four Million to Go Away
The BCS Got it Right
Improving Your Golf!
Dr. Z's NFL Power Ranking for 12/05/2007
Judge Mr. Met yourself: Omar Minaya's tranaction history
Peruvian soccer fans riot when a player traps a ball with his ass
In case you ever wondered what an ESPN inter-office memo looked like...
Fuck the Heisman: Tebow's Girlfriend is Hot
Statistical analysis of Heisman voters disclosures has Tim Tebow winning Heisman in landslide
Kurt Warner's Christian-sports cartoon. It's as bad as it sounds.
2008 Olymipic Reality
The Ultimate College Football Playoff Proposal
Though we call ourselves a church, we have no religious affiliations. Strength and Power is our religion. We do not have a physical building. There are no meetings or agendas.
Mayweather stops Hatton
An IM Convo Between: Chad Pennington &amp; Byron Leftwich
Red Bull Metro Ride Video
The Best Two (College Football)
Vick Sentenced to 23 Months in Prison
Raise your hand if you’re going to make $51.3 million next season.
Ask Reddit: 33rd America's Cup: Should the Defender automatically be qualified for the final AC Match or should all teams start on equal footings?
Dennis Dixon should have won the Heisman
Bowl Season: Inside The Fun Numbers
Vegas gives Jets 24.5 points and no chance to beat Patriots
Finally, college football playoffs! Makes you wish we weren't stuck with the crappy BCS system. [Interactive Simulation] 
Friction and fractures erode faith in Mitchell's investigation
Bye Bye Bobby
Inconsistency continues to hold back New York Rangers from elite status
Terry Glenn Pratices For the Cowboys
O's trade Tejada to Astros
Will the Mitchell Report tell us what Bud Selig knew? It should.
milan victory set up for super final
It's a challenge for me: Pankaj
Possible list of implicated steroid users in MLB
Memo to Bud Selig: Resign
Tiger Woods Putts Baby Into Diaper
Roger Clemens Gets an Ass Shot
BREAKING: Mitchell Press Conference Video Him Explaining
Mitch Slapped? Photo Gallery of the Mitchell Report's Juicers [Pics of all your favorites]
BREAKING!: Bud Selig Weighs In on the Mitchell Report - Video
McLaren accept spy-row findings
MLB drug report hits Clemens the hardest 
Chuck Knoblauch: 98 Career HR*
Baseball's field of bad dreams
Aaron, Foreman Wrote Letters In Support of Vick to Judge in Dogfighting Case
Dr. Z's NFL Power Ranking for 12/12/2007: Top-ranked teams beating up on rest of the NFL
[NBA] Pistons and Bobcats announced trade
Chris Simon steps / kicks Jarkko Rutuu - December 15/07
Training with Heart Rate Monitors
Green Bay's Favre becomes career leader in yards - Yahoo! News
Packers Second Seed in 2007 NFC Playoffs
The Steroids Witchhunt
Where Are They Now? The Six QB's Drafted Before Tom Brady
Ray Lewis, Jewish Superhero
Affluent Guide to Athletic Impersonation and Elite College Admission
Fishheads have turned to the Tuna for Help!
Mpora Video // Extreme Sports Videos
Steroids Not Really Performance-Enhancing in Baseball
Satan Hits Point Number 666
Man Utd v Everton - Ronaldo Ends Everton's unbeaten run
Bids for cricket teams to start at $50 million
Funniest Conan O'Brien clip of all time: Baseball in 1864
Robbie Maddison Preps for Big Jump - Video
Referee pulls out red card, then a gun 
Best Hockey Fight Video Compilations Ever!!
UFC79 Undercard Round Up! | Mixed Martial b0nes
Roy Hodgson: A Good Appointment?
Former Yankee Catcher Leyritz charged with DUI, Manslaughter
UFC79:Nemesis - House of Cards Fall - Recap | Mixed Martial b0nes
Bryant Gumbel Sucks
10 Most Bizarre Sports Pics and Video
Playoff Fantasy Football Cheat Sheet and Sleepers | FantasyFootballGoat.com
Elite Feet: The 7 Ultimate Achievements In Endurance Running
Nancy Benoit Nude Photos in Hustler
Slate Magazine - Undefeated, Unloved, Undaunted
Calling all amateur astronomers
Drunk Fans: The 9th Man?
322ft jump : New motocross world record
Nyjah Huston his only ten and his skills are amazing
She's right Mate :Australia beat India in thriller
BCS Championship Video Preview - LSU vs OSU
Popular coordinator Ryan in running for head job
San Antonio Spurs vs Golden State Warriors NBA live streaming
BREAKING: Clemens Files Lawsuit Against McNamee for Defamation of Character - Gonna get interesting!
India suspend cricket tour of Australia over racism row
[NFL] QB Eli Manning brings the victory for the Giants
Monkey madness at Down Under - Aussies see monkeys and Indians go Bananas!
The Clemens Quandary; Rangers Pursuing Nomar?
LSU managed to avoid one final upset in crazy season 
Goose Gossage elected to Hall of Fame
Hit of the year in college football (O...M...G) [video]
The Real Reason You Can't Believe Roger Clemens
2007's Next Best: Where Are They Now?
History of the Harlem Globetrotters
Angry Figure Skater Tombstones Her Partner
Street Ball Taken to a New Level
ESPN's Top 25 individual seasons (in all sports)
Gossage Elected To Hall Of Fame; Rangers Close In On Guardado
Does China Deserve a Gold Medal?  Beijing air so gross IOC fears having to postpone endurance events.
Psycho T dunks on 7'7 Guy in Heels (I kid you not)
Otsuka Undergoes Elbow Surgery; Jennings To Texas?
An interview with a British fan of the Green Bay Packers (??)
Mark Mangino Discussion: Wearing Red and Bleeding Blue
Marion Jones Gets 6 Months in Jail
Can you really replay the last few seconds of an NBA game weeks later?
NFL Divisional Playoffs Injury Report 
ACC football: An exercise in mediocrity
2008 NFL Mock Draft
Pats college scouting director Dimitroff takes over as Falcons GM
Biggest Hockey Fight Ever (VIDEO)
UFC fighter Tank Abbott's 600lb Bench Press
GS Warriors vs. the Indiana Pacers Jan 13, 2007. What you WON'T see on TV. [video]
Racism in Sports: A Global Problem?
Intramural Sports: The Last Stand
It's That Time: ACC Basketball Forecast
UFC Fighter Gabriel Gonzaga Now Sponsored By CondomDepot
Kimbo Vs Tank Abbott Fight Video Preview
2008 a New Start for Tony Stewart 
Maria Sharapova Pictures From 2008 Australian Open
Rich Franklin Vs Lyoto Machida Fight Video 2003 Inoki Festival
Pacman Jones at it again!
Boat Camping At Lake Sonoma [pics]
'86 Celtics -vs- '07 Patriots:  funny comparison ranging from Wes Welker's porn 'stache and the eff-you touchdown
Chess Champ Bobby Fischer has Died
Programs on the Rise: A Big Ten Preview
AFC Championship Complete Coverage
MMATKO Forums - Martial Arts Forum Now Running
Fulham vs Arsenal live streaming football
Randy Moss Can't Play? 
Kendall Grove Vs Jorge Rivera Fight Video UFC 80
Cricket: India clean-bowl Aussies
Hewitt beats Baghdatis in Australian Open thriller
BJ Penn Vs Joe Stevenson Fight Video UFC 80
Weekend Madness at the Australian Open 
Roy Jones Jr Vs Felix Trinidad Fight Video
The price is right for Troy Tulowitzki
Team Finishes PAC10 Basketball Game with just Two Players
What's with Tom Brady's Cast?
Unstoppable Eli Manning fools Packers
Top 10 college basketball jerseys
Nike Commercial - Soccer Players vs Robot Ninjas
Falcons Set To Hire Mike Smith As Head Coach 
Connecting to Campus 
Hummer HX concept
Twenty classic Super Bowl commercials (videos)
unseeded Tsonga takes down world #2 Nadal in straight sets at Aussie Open semi!  Who IS this kid?! 
Howards Killer Customs US$150,000 hubless Harley
Starters Announced for NBA All-Star Game 
Ranking the Arenas: The Best Places To Catch ACC Hoops
Paul Daley Vs Sam Morgan Fight Video EliteXC
Tiger Woods Takes Command at Torrey Pines
Novak Djokovic wins Australian Open, Tsonga Disappointed
Shooto Back To Our Roots 7 Event Fight Results
Reviews: Books on Camping, Hiking, and Wilderness Survival
Ronaldo double helps Man Utd see off Spurs
2008 NHL All-Star: Superskills Comp and the YoungStars Game - VIDEOS!!
Betting Picks - Sports Book Reviews
Random Steroid Testing On Nevada UFC Fighters
Fantasy Football Fools Mock NFL Draft 2008 - Part 1 of 4 (First Take)
Super Bowl Tickets: the Feb. 3 game range from $2,450 to $19,446 at StubHub, a unit of eBay Inc.
Osi Umenyiora loves the golden shower
Amputee Sprinter Pistorius Barred from 2008 Olympics
nfl marketing juggernaut hits phoenix female gay workforce productivity Plummets
Tecmo Super Bowl: The Super Bowl (video simulation)
Aleksander Emelianenko Vs Ricardo Morais Fight Video Pride Bushido 6
Key NCAA linebacker played all season after his bloody print was tied to a shooting.
NASCAR Sprint Series Testing in Las Vegas - Day 1
 Steroids, Other Drugs, and Baseball
Roger Federer is set to make tennis history…off the court
Easterbrook- starting to get a little weird about the whole Pats thing
It's time to blow up the Nets
Tip to reduce your frustration on a golf game
Johan Santana is Thankful for the Mets
Time to Start Losing 
Mitsubishi to premiere Lancer Prototype-S Sports Hatchback Concept
NFL Players Travis Henry, Cato June are booked by the Hot Cop - funny
Volley Soccer in the Danger Zone - This is Crazy
Tiki Barber Takes Credit for Giants Success
Antropov suspended three games
Ray Allen, Manu, and Baron Davis Snubbed from All-Star Game
NFL Teams Make Terrible Rap Songs -- A collection
UFC 81 Weigh In All Fighters Make Weight
 Gilchrist’s favourite bat broken  
BMX Elite Mens Final - NBL/UCI Race Phoenix
Quote of the day - 2/2
Rampage Jackson Picks On Japanese  Video
At 90, Giants Trainer Decides He Will Retire After Sunday’s Game 
Tim Sylvia Vs Jeff Monson Fight Video UFC 65
Frank Mir vs Brock Lesnar UFC 81 Video Highlights
Adebayor (translated)
Gasol-ine: Fuel For Lakers « With Malice…
 Saints' Grant stabbed, woman killed in nightclub assault - NFL
20 pop-cultural obsessions even geekier than Monty Python
Top 10 Superbowl XLII Commercials
Waterford Crystal XLll Super Bowl Champion Football - Guess they should wait until the end of the game next time?
From Spying to Crying
 Super Bowl Commercials = Super Disappointment
We Are The Champions!
CB Series : India vs Sri lanka ODI Live cricket streaming from Brisbane
After storybook finish, young Giants look to sequel
Ireland v Brazil Live | Online Football
Muay Thai Boxing
EURO 2008, find here all euro 2008 news, videos and details about matches, real-time scores, semi-finals, groups, qualifiers
So... Tom Brady and Randy Moss are the Sorest Losers Ever...
Emery donated $14,000 fine
Mickelson Gives Super Bowl Tickets to Fockler Family
Last Week: Plaxico Burress predicts 23-17 win, Tom Brady laughs... scores only 14
Kid commits to Cal, but is either scammed or scamming...cops involved now.
Naming The Eli-To-Tyree Play
 Farewell to the Craziest Football Seasons Ever
Top 10 Stupid college team names
Walleye Jig Fishing Tips and Pointers
The Ryan Express Rolls into Rangers Front Office as President
What Super Bowl means for fantasy football in 2008
Shaq Is A Sun
US and Mexico Soccer Game Highlights and Interviews
Forrest Griffin Vs Jeremy Horn Fight Video IFC
2008  NBA Slam Dunk Contest Winner
Don’t read too much into Duke’s win over UNC
New York Yankees: No longer limiting overspending to Just Players
Billy Joel Will Shut Down Shea Stadium
Tito Ortiz Vs Frank Shamrock Fight Video UFC 22
Cali Hoodie Protective Gear For Skater
Debbie Clemens Accused of Using Drugs for Sports Illustrated Photo Shoot
Steve Kerr is a genius.
Egypt wins the 2008 African Nations Cup after beating Cameroon 1 - 0 in the final
Florida Panther cut in neck by skate (NHL)
BREAKING NEWS - Hockey Player Get Skate In The Neck - VIDEO
Paulo Filho Vs Joe Doerksen Fight Video WEC 29
Signing Day Dishonesty Starts At The Top
Sprewell was right....he did need more to feed his family
EA Sports...It's in the game...again. forever. crap.
Hockey Invention Gets an Assist from “The Great One”
Matt Hamill To Fight Tim Boetsch Instead Of Bonnar
Bill Simmons:  Everybody is down on the Shaq deal. Guess what? They're Wrong.
WEC 32 Fight Card Results
Jamie Varner Vs Rob McCullough Fight Video WEC 32
Lowes Motor Speedway Cycling Time Trial Dates Announced
EliteXC - Kimbo vs. Tank - February 16
McNamee's lawyer predicts a presidential pardon for Clemens
You Cheated [vid]
Top 10: Sports rituals
$100M lawsuit filed against Patriots
Protests over Beijing games 'will grow'
Kimbo Slice Vs Tank Abbott Weigh In Video EliteXC
Michael Beasley and His Friends 
Overrated/Underrated: College Basketball Edition 
The Indiana Hoosiers should offer the head coaching job back to Mike Davis
New Baseball Stats Reveal Surprises
Floyd Mayweather Jr. Edges Kelly Pavlik for Fighter of the Year Award
NBA - Time For A Change « With Malice…
Roberto Clemente: Not quite a God, not just a man
Top 100 prospects for the NFL draft
The top 10 National League prospects
New York City to shutter Off-Track Betting
Tiger Knows What a Perfect Season is Like
Duquesne Dukes: When Winning A Little Means More Than Winning A Lot
Frank Mir: I refuse to buy into the Fedor hype
Photos put Clemens at Canseco party - report Baseball- nbcsports.msnbc.com
Best Air Jordans of All time [w/ Images]
Wenger fury after horror Eduardo injury
Shocking football (soccer) injury
Sundin will NOT waiver his NTC
Tiger Woods Dominates Final Day At Accenture Match Play Championship
Tennis girl banned for grunting - arghh, unghhh, oghhh - no it's not Monica
A Football Fan's Guide to Switzerland and Austria for Euro 2008
Soccer player in trouble over Hitler costume
Alexandre Argolo Vs Ricardo Caetano Fight - Brazilian Cage Fight
Another Bizarre Turn In The Roger Clemens Case
UFC 82 Preview: Anderson Silva vs. Dan Henderson, Heath Herring vs. Cheick Kongo 
Video: A Tribute to Myron Cope
ESPN Page 2's Favorite sports highlights
Jockey thrown onto naked woman
...and there's a goddam moron on the track
NFL Off-season: Coaching changes, free agency, trades and most importantly the NFL draft
Packers' site mistakingly prematuraly publish Favre's retirement article 
Mascherano closes in on Reds deal
Indians Score 12 Runs Against Astros 
Alessio Sakara Vs Chris Leben Fight Video UFC 82
After bashing Red Sox fan club, Yankees president made a member by Red Sox brass
The Real Reasons Brett Favre Retired
Allison Stokke official team head shot available online
Josh Barnett Vs Hidehiko Yoshida Fight Video Sengoku
A glossary of cricket terms
SEC Lowdown: Quarterbacks, running backs in the spring spotlight
Richt's recent revival of Georgia's football program leads to $800K raise
New Impreza WRX STI vs New EVO X vs Old STI vs EVO IX Race
NCAA Competitive Balance: Push for Performance Enhancing Drugs in the Ivy League
 ‘08 Geneva - Jaguart XKR-S Coupe
 ‘08 Geneva - Hyundai Hed-5 i-Mode
Mr. 720 Top Ten Missed Dunks from the Ball4real Tour.
Masakazu Imanari Vs Jean Silva Fight Video Cage Rage 25
 ‘08 Geneva - Lotus Europa SE
Rangers eyeing Yankee stadium for outdoor game
Nick Diaz Vs Jae Suk Lim To Fight March 29th
No More Bloggers, Says Mark Cuban, Blogger
New Nike ad in response to Under Armour Superbowl cross-trainer ad. What do you think of each?
Trick Play Wins Mackey Second Consecutive Iditarod.  Great Review from Anchorage Daily News
Howto: Owning an NBA team
This Is Why You Listen To The Referee At A Karate Tournament
This has been the best year in World Cup skiing for Americans-  EVER, just you know, fyi
SEC Tournament moved to Georgia Tech after tornado hits the Georgia Dome. Limited seating creates problems for fans.
Pacquiao beats Marquez in a sensational split decision
Off Road Fun [Simply Amazing Video]
Generate your NCAA Basketball brackets according to historical stats
Ferrari, Ferrari, Where Art Thou? 
Kazushi Sakuraba Vs Marcus Silveira Fight Videos UFC Japan
Over/Under on when Bobby Knight drops an F-Bomb, or wears a suit, on national television?
The Yankees Head To Blacksburg
Magic attempt 32 threes in Monday's 104-90 win over the Cavs:  That's 5 more Three Point Attempts than J.J. Redick has Games Played this season
Boston Red Sox - Resolution reached in Japan pay flap 
Australia: Our athletes will not be gagged during the 2008 Olympics.
Manchester United v Liverpool - Preview - Grand Slam Sunday
Rob Davison scores from nearly 200ft on Vesa Toskala
Chuck Liddell Vs. Randy Couture 3 MMA Fight Video UFC 57
The odds your NCAA bracket is perfect? 1 in 924 trillion
Podium out of reach for Swiss ice skater Lambiel
The UFC's TUF 8 Tryouts Will Start April 10th - Time To Kick Ass
The All-Robot Baseball Team
LA Lakers: Just not good enough
WEC 33 Back To Vegas Fight Live Betting Odds
All the FreeKicks from David Beckham
Sam Stout vs Spencer Fisher Fight Video UFC Fight Night 10
Ken Shamrock Vs Bas Rutten 2 Fight Video Pancrase
The most academically elite team in college basketball, in quest for their first conference win in 21 years
Euro 2008 feeds - News in six languages
New York Mets - All Time Team
Gina Carano,s Next Opponent Kaitlin Young Vs Meisha Tate Fight Video
Report: Jeter == Roider
President of the FIA Max Mosley denies Nazi claims in orgy scandal
2008 AL Central Preview
How the MLS works
Well, I guess they had to do something with the leftover jerseys..
Bengals Cut WR Henry After Arrest
Memphis Players Have Long, Complicated Explanation Of How They Are This Year's 'Rumpelstiltzkin' Story
Performance Enhancing Drugs Tied to Baseball Statistics
Tennis is Hardcore: Oh my, That was a self inflicted wound
Hillarious Video: Commentators insist hitter shouldn't be in the game because he's not a clutch player.  Next Pitch: Walk-Off Home Run
2008 NL East Preview
Chuck Liddell has harsh words for Kimbo
Sheer Terror - A Look at one of North America's most difficult marked runs: Corbet's Couloir, Jackson Hole
Alternative March Madnesses: 9 Tourneys TV Isn’t Covering 
Sickest Shot From NCAA Tournament: Stephen Curry of Davidson Goes Acrobatic
These 2 Old White Dudes Are Responsible For The 2 Most Famous Black Anthems in Popular Culture
MSU Star Abdelkader Signs Three Year Deal with Detroit Red Wings
Terrell Owens to guest-star on Flava Flav's new TV show...that has to be good.
The dumbest baseball mailbag question ever...followed by an equally horrendous answer.  Fire Joe Morgan is there.
Massive protests forced officials to drastically change the Beijing Olympic torch route in San Francisco
Reports claim Real Madrid will offer Man Utd £100m for Cristiano Ronaldo! (current record is £46m for Zidane)
Kobe 'jumps over' a moving Aston Martin [Vid]
Chinese Plan to Kill the Sky for Opening Ceremonies
Dr. Z.:  Burning, or thoughts on the torch - Discussing Politics and the Olympics,
This Just In: Foosball Designers Terrible at Foosball
Batter charges the mound after getting hit - dugouts clear - brawl ensues
EuroPlayers have to behave on court
Isiah Thomas, Jim Dolan and Larry Bird all walk into a bar....
Caught my first NHL game LIVE....I'm a convert....INCREDIBLE! I love the sportttt um....yeah
Croatia football coach Slaven Bilic is to record a fan song for the Euro 2008 championship with his rock band
swissinfo Special - Federer- swissinfo
Johny Wilkinson ruled out of New Zealand matches
Hottest Sports Fans goes to...Soccer (aka football) [PICS]
FJM tears apart a terrible article by a terrible sports columnist [hilarious]
Top RB Draft Prospects
Maybe it's time for Wesley Snipes to get the old team back together
NFL Draft: The Player's Girlfriends [PICS]
Top 10 Hockey Reads, with a contest for the best one-liner/one-timer pun
Illegal Euro ticket sales draw fines
Sports - 49ers find their cornerback in Sooners' Smith - sacbee.com
Soccer Superstar Ronaldo Questioned in Altercation Involving Transvestite Prostitutes.  Soccer Sucks.
ZITO'S ZERO SUM: BULLPEN BECKONS / Former Cy Young winner will miss start for first time
Adam Scott Beats Ryan Moore in a Playoff
Crackdown on illegal Euro 2008 ticket sales
Lebron and DeShawn = Tupac and Biggie???  How rappers have invaded the rivalry.
 John Daly Interview while playing golf -- No shirt or shoes plus a ciggy.  Pro Athlete!  I love this game!
Lupica: Clemens is acting like everyone else is lying
The Ten Most Embarrassing Sports Affairs of Modern Times
BCS will not change current non-playoff system: The insanity continues, at least until 2014
I'm a good sport, Bush said at the South Lawn ceremony. We're going to send Jessica Simpson to the Democrat National Convention.
New Structure for World Series of Poker:  Normal play to final table...**FOUR MONTH BREAK* ,,,Final table to reconvenes.
John Daly Claims Butch Harmon Has Apologized
Track Star faces Heroin Distribution Charges
Hockey  world championship in Canada
The Ohio State University is #4 on the “Teams we love to hate” List
The future Kakas, Messis and Henrys of football
Chicago Bears Cedric Benson Arrested
Evel Knievel Nachofoto
Papa Johns apologize for calling LeBron James a 'Crybaby'
Off-Season Fun With Anti-Meth Ads
Japanese Forumla 1 Team Super Aguri withdraws from 2008 championship
Kobe will be named MVP today
Teen is running out of innings, but the game still isn't over
Alex Rodriguez A Laboring Story
Remarkable kid, diagnosed with terminal cancer, realizes dream and gets an at-bat in high-school baseball game
Nadal loses on clay for just the 2nd time in 105 matches
best sports performance of 2008(so far)
Bernie Ward Will Change Plea in Child Porn Case
Sawgrass for Everyone Aside From Tiger Woods
Vick must pay $2.4 million to Canadian bank 
Ex Patriot Employee Sends League Eight Tapes
Bad News Gets Worse for The Patriots
Eusébio defende permanência de Scolari
Baltimore Ravens' mini-camp breaks out into an 85-man brawl
Cavs dominate Celtics to take Game 3.  LeBron still struggling.
Harbaugh's Ravens brawl at minicamp 
Italians really do love their soccer
LeBron James should actually be considered underrated
Owner of Utah Jazz, observes Sabbath and doesn't watch games on Sundays - - - 
Joe Posnanski's Greatest Day In Sportswriting
This year's Celtics are no championship team
Joe Montana suing Gold digging ex-wife. Maybe she wants the gold color off his jersey too?
With-No-Regard-For-Human-Life!
Barry Bonds facing 14 counts of perjury
Patriots quarterback Tom Brady ripped ESPN today for its coverage of the Patriots' Spygate scandal.
Surfer's slaying reveals gang fears
Annika Sorenstam to Retire at End of Season
How the Democratic nominating process is like the BCS
Alis Toughest Foe, The Army
Urban golf hits the streets of Fribourg
Kevin Randleman Vs. Ryo Kawamura Sengoku Video - NEW
Josh Barnett Vs. Jeff Monson Sengoku Video
Andre Ward the spiritual slugger
NFL owners vote unanimously to opt out of labor deal - is a strike inevitable
Most Useless Hole-In-One Facts in History
Mark Cuban Used To Be A Stoner
Is this Kobe's best team?
Baseball player traded for 10 bats
Thiago Silva Vs. Antonio Mendes UFC 84 Video
Kobe Bryant cheats with Laker Girl Vanessa Curry
Vancouver Canucks Defenceman Luc Bourdon Killed in Motorcycle Crash
The Wussification Of America - Now Experts Want Young Ballplayers To Wear Helmets...
Flip Saunders Fired as Detroit Pistons Head Coach
50 highest-earning athletes in the U.S.
Barry Bonds pleads not guilty to 15 felony charges
Euro 2008: Portugal 2 Turkey 0
Phil Jackson on Paul Pierce's knee injury: I don't know if the angels visited him … but he didn't even limp when he came..... Was Oral Roberts back there in their locker room? 
Bill Walker --- A Vince Carter-Clone?
Euro 2008: France draws 0-0 with Romania
Troubled RB Benson sent home and released by Bears
Kasey Kahne wins at Pocono! 2nd win of 08 season!
From Celtics Dancer to Laker Girl
Technology. Is it Sporting?
The Tiger Woods Challenge to 10 Handicappers
EURO 2008 : Czech Republic 1-3 Portugal
A Professional Gambler's Take on the Tim Donaghy Scandal
Woods - Mickelson - Scott Pairing the Main Attraction
Do Star Players Make Good Head Coaches?
Yao Ming Creates Fund to Rebuild Chinese Schools, Donates $2 Million
Kasey Kahne has three top 2 finishes in the past 4 races. And MIS stats.
Tiger Woods to have knee surgery, will miss rest of the year - PGATour.com
Kevin Garnett Postgame On Court Interview Game 6 with Michelle Tafoya
Tiger Woods out for 9 months for ACL reconstruction of his knee and double stress fracture of tibia (bone below the knee), Steps in the reconstructive surgery.[pics] 
Karma: Asshole high-school ptcher beans ump, loses chance to walk-on for colege team. [VIDEO inculded]
Understand Sports, Understand the Geopolitical World
Mets Manager Jerry Manuel I told him next time he does that I'm going to get my blade out and cut him. I'm a gangster
Germany reaches Semis in 3-2 win over Portugal - Euro 08
Jane McGrath, Australian fast bowler Glenn McGrath's wife has lost her battle with cancer aged 42
In China, Athletes Train for the Olympics, but Not for the Life After
Tiger puts away Mediate on 91st hole to win U.S. Open
Mike and the Mad Dog may be over - reporter claims the relationship has deteriorated to the point of a split
Profile of 89-year-old organist for College World Series talks about history of organ music in baseball
Stupid Media Personalities: Jemele Hill, Johnny Miller, Dick Enberg and Don Imus
Russia v Spain
Danilo Gallinari must deliver in order for Knicks to get LeBron James.
Guide to the last 12 European Championships Finals
How good were the Premier League players at Euro 2008?
10 Things I hated about Euro 2008
Ouch. Arizona Diamondbacks catcher Chris Snyder placed on the disabled list with a left testicular fracture.
Manny Being Manny = Asshole
Athletes making stupid financial mistakes
Will Brett Farve Return to Football
Alex Rodriguez and Cynthia Rodriguez Fact or Fiction
Drugs Testing Begins This Week
David Haye could switch to MMA
Venus: Best of the Williams at Wimbledon
Top 10 Best MMA Fighters Ever
Rafael Nadal ends Roger Federer's five-year reign at Wimbledon
Rafael Nadal Wins Wimbledon In Epic Match
A-Rod Divorce Drama grows as Madonna denies a romance is brewing
Brett Favre saga far from over - Peter King - SI.com
Chiefs TE Gonzalez saves man's life in restaurant.
Boston Stripper claims to have had a two day affair with A-Rod
A-Rod's Wife Cynthia Wants the House
NBA teams with biggest gains and biggest losses in free agency (so far)
10 Highlights From Manchester United’s Double-Winning 07/08 Season
The New Face of Golf?
 Jaguars' Wide Reciever Matt Jones Arrested For Felony Drug Charges
Jacksonville Jaguars' Matt Jones Faces Felony Charges
FIFA using slavery as weapon in turf war with football clubs - how low can you get?
McLaren and Ferrari settle spy case
Watch as the minor league baseball coach loses it and freaks on the umpire...
Tour de France Rider Ousted for Using EPO
5 Things You Didn't Know: MLB
Pele orders Ronaldo to stay put
Motorcross star lands record-breaking jump.
Battered Evans tries to tackle massive Tour climbs 
National Championship Final box Iasi 2008 for senior Romania
Cristiano Ronaldo dumps stunning hottie girlfriend Nereida Gallardo
Another dirty ref? 
The soap opera named Green Bay Packers Football.
Playmates and painted ladies really make for a classy ESPY party at the Playboy Mansion
Oregon redshirt freshman drowns after jumping from bridge.
The November Nine:  2008 WSOP Main Event final table set
USC Football Gets Shirtless, Claps, Cheers for itself, ummm looks mildly ______.  (video)
Cops Say Jackson Went On Rampage
Ashley Lowe Dishes It Out In Tampa Who Is This A lister Cowboy
What's the worst baseball season in New York history?
Cristina Dorcioman will lead the final Euro 2008 soccer women 
Green Bay Packers Fans Can Be Guests on YourFindit's The
Mike Ditka falls on his ass (if by fall meaning someone pushes him on it) (video)
black owl squad softair catanzaro
Ronaldinho Signs Deal with AC Milan, Transfers from FC Barc
Pro Basketball Being Played Outside This Weekend
Saudi Women Call Foul on Exercise Restrictions / findingDulcinea
 Ferguson says Ronaldo is staying
Mark Canevdish Wins 2008 Tour De France
Olympic ideals survive Chambers challenge
Danica, Duno spar on pit road
Why the lakers will win next year. 
Best Defensive Play Ever
They've bought the world's best players - now they want to buy God
Milan Deny They Ever Received a Bid From Chelsea For Kaka
Rock Climbing Knots - How To Tie Climbing Knots
Ending a sports bromance 
Interesting statistic: you're most likely to do sports if you are white, middle class, and middle-aged
Caleb Campbell, the former West Point cadet whom the Lions drafted has been forced to leave Detroit on the eve of training camp because the Army rescinded Campbell's right to play in the NFL. 
Heisman: Tim Tebow Is Touching Babies in Asia Again
WNBA First Brawl Ever [vid]
Best brawl ever
A people's history of sports -- Dave Zirin
WNBA cat fight [video]
Tickets for Olympic events sold out -- the first Games to have done so
Vegas BASE jump with Red Bull Air Force
Has betting on mainstream sports lost its appeal? Have you found yourself betting on anything and everything just to keep your gambling addiction game tight and appease the god Gamblor? 
NBA referee Tim Donaghy sentenced to 15 months in prison in gambling scandal
Greg Norman Declines PGA Championship Invitation &amp; Commits to Johnnie Walker Classic
NY Mets have been in contact with Red Sox about Manny Ramirez
Jason Taylor Does The Fox Trot to Washington
Jake Brown's 41/2-story fall lives on in X Games lore
USC FOOTBALL NOW EXTRA GAYER 
JASON GIAMBI SAYS F U TO BRIAN ROBERTS
Cubs rout Brewers, complete 4 game sweep
Another NBA Player to Europe!?
Preseason Coaches Poll released:  #1 Georgia, #2 USC, #3 Ohio State
Athletics / DIANA miss DUMITRESCU place in the world 11 
The World’s Worst Olympians
The Insane Freak of NatureThat is Michael Phelps
Does that mean I have to rip out your eyeball and skullfuck you? 
Fantasy Football Rankings
Naked ambition: Britain's Olympians strip down as they prepare to make history in Beijing
Valerenga 1 - 4 Liverpool: Highlights
Olympics 1968: Black Power Salute
Amanda Beard bares all for PETA and animals everywhere have hope
2nd Lt. Caleb Campbell is good enough for the NFL. But that's not enough for the Army. 
Brett Favre Traded to the New York Jets
Jets Get Brett Favre from Packers
Packers agree to trade Favre to Jets
Favre vs. the 18 Jets QBs who played during his time in the NFL
6 Memorable Opening Day Ceremonies 
Opening Ceremony of the Olympic Games in 2008 China (VIDEO)
John Madden is the lovechild of the late comedian Rodney Dangerfield and Golden State Warriors head coach Don Nelson. [Funny Pics] 
CNN/SI Olympics Medal Tracker
 U.S. sweep sabre as Zagunis wins gold
Jaroenrattanatarakoon sets Olympic record in the weight lifting competition
JO Beijing - Inot / Camelia Potec s-a calificat in finala la 400 m liber
Michael Phelps - So Easy
A guide to watching the Olympics (go USA!)   
The Teeny-Tiny Matter of Age for the Chinese Women’s Gymnasts - NYTimes.com
Olympic Realities:  Officials Say Games May Never Be Clean
Female Boxing - 6 medals at the European Championships
Jenn Sterger joining the New York Jets....she shoul dhave made the front page of the papers..so HOT
Mihai Covaliu: It's the most difficult medal ever won
Mark Spitz Olympic Invitation Lost In The Mail
Gail Emms the Brit girl of Badminton
Phelps Swims Into History With Record Olympic Gold Medal Wins
Violence Must Only Be Used To Make Hundreds Of Millions Of Dollars | The Onion - America's Finest News Source
Olympics: Phelp's 12,000-calorie daily diet 
We're amazed. The most successful athlete in Olympic history is Michael Phelps and his triumphs are pushed back to make way for gossip in Hollywood
Phelps is now the top Olympian of all time. Here's what it takes to power him
Accident Downs Olympic Weightlifter [pics]
 Michael Phelps, the billion dollar man? He's a billion dollar man. He won't have to get a job ever. He can live off this for 50 years.
Chinese news service reported that gold medal gymnast was 13 (16 is the minimum age requirement)
Why Haven't Soccer and Techno Become Popular In the US?
Chinese news service cited medalist gymnast as 13
The 10 Hottest NBA Players' Wives and Girlfriends
Adrian Mutu has to pay 17 million euros to Chelsea
Steelers vs. Bills in Toronto: if the NFL has made Jacksonville, Green Bay, Indianapolis and Buffalo world class perhaps the phrase needs redefining
Whaaaa, Whaaaaa, Whaaaaaa--Blake rips foe after Olympic tennis loss.  Any other tennis fans tired of this overrated joker?
Gymnast Alicia Sacramone an Internet 'Hottie' Despite Screwups
Sara Boberg, of the Swedish Crossbow team, naked!
.01 Victory Gives Phelps 7th Gold Medal in 100m Butterfly
Who Is A Better Athlete Than Michael Phelps?
Lightning Bolt strikes Bejing as Usain Bolt wins 100m dash at 9.69
The Olympics: `War minus the shooting'
Nadal wins gold medal in Olympic tennis
Sing, Michael, sing! (Does Michael Phelps lack patriotism?)
A Blind Boxer
Olympics Medal Table
Congratulations, Michael.  The medals may be yours, but your dominance is America's to keep, a source of patriotism in a culture of cynicism.
The Brooks Saddle Debate
2008 Beijing Olympics Results: Women’s 100m Dominated by Jamaica as Shelly-Ann Fraser Takes Gold
A CUBS FAN ACTUALLY DID SOMETHING COOL (vid)
Michale Phelps imitates Mark Spitz for his Sports Illustrated Cover
Yankees' playoff hopes fading away
6 Insane Sports That Could Be in the Next Olympics
YouTube - Tiger Woods 09 - Walk on Water
2008 Beijing Olympics Results: Jamaica's Usain Bolt Sets
USA Women Win Beach Volleyball Gold
This Year's Olympic Games - A Very Unique Overview
Daily Herald | NASCAR catches Gibbs team cheating
Michael Phelps linked to Australian hottie Stephanie Rice (Photos)
Leaky Goggles Are Not A Good Endorsement | WALL STREET FIGHTER
 The GREATEST sports dream jobs
Nifty back-flick from Henry
5 Other Ways Baseball Can Modernize The Game
The Diver's View:  Virtual Panorama from the Water Cube 10m Platform
Putting U.S. track's so-called 'disaster' in proper context
Angel Valodia Matos kicks referee in the head at Olympics after he lost his match (Video)
Maria Sharapova showing some amazing legs at the US Open pre-party in New York (Photos)
U.S. Men Defeat Brazil to Grab Gold in Volleyball
The EU-countries won more olympic medals than China and U.S. combined
Rookie QB Matt Ryan lands starting job for Falcons
College football fan's to do list.
Johanna Almgren refuse it on Ronaldinho 27 august 2008
Twenty-five must see YouTubes
Steinbrenner Says the Yankees Sucked
  Why women hate sports (VIDEO)
CHRIS COOLEY HANGS WITH BACKSTREET BOYS  
Zurich athletics meet aims high
Olympic Follies and Triumphs
Top-Seeded Ana Ivanovic Loses in Second Round of US Open
Andy Roddick is now being coached by Patrick McEnroe??
ELISABETTA GREGORACI IS SPORTS-RELATED 
Video: Olympic Gymnast Alicia Sacramone Knocks A Guy Out
Football Videos - Hull 0-5 Wigan Highlights
Football Videos - Arsenal vs Newcastle
Chad Johnson Officially Changes His Name To Ocho Cinco
International play taking toll on NBA players
Men parachute into wrong football stadium | ajc.com
Hall of Famer Bolt dies; beat young Player to win '58 U.S. Open 
A sober assessment: Drinking and Driving Quarterback Jared Allen endorses John McCain
Tiger Woods Speculative Second Child Baby Names
Australia beats American Samoa 31 – 0
Marlins beat Braves in front of 600 fans
Top 10 MMA armbars
NFL Star Accused of Barbaric Hit On Pregnant GF - TMZ.com
Patriots' QB Brady out for season with ACL tear.
Pats bringing in Chris Simms and Tiin Rattay on Monday to find a new back-up QB
Serena Williams Wins U.S. Open , Retaking No. 1
Rick Reilly: UVA bans all signs at athletic events to promote a positive game-day environment
Tom Brady oficially out for the season and will have knee surgery 
Legend Don Haskins Dead at 78
Federer beats Murray for 5th US Open, 13th major - Tennis 
Tom Brady out for season - NFL 
 Summer of Love  Mark McGwire's 62nd HR was hit during an idyllic time that was a drug-fueled fraud. 
Bebo makes a sports play, launches ESPN partnership
Slovakia's women's ice hockey pummels Bulgaria - - You won't believe the score
It's Official: Lance Armstrong Trying For Another Tour
New LHC Doomsday Theory: high-energy collisions are scheduled to take place right before the World Series -- which the cursed Cubs are favored to attend 
No Typo: Bulgaria Loses Ice Hockey Game, 82-0
Ambiorix Burgos Does Ike Turner Proud
Chris Henry changes name to Chad Johnson (SATIRE)
Best Athletes Who Have Hosted Saturday Night Live
It'll cost mucho dinero for Chad Ocho Cinco to switch jerseys
Jonathan Papelbon Dances Like a Barbie Girl
Your 2008 Devil Rays As Muppets: Part One
Ted Lilly destroys Yadier Molina (video)
Chicago Blog Says Cuban is Out of the Bidding Race for the Cubs
Piniella asking Cubs fans not to panic
Cool or creepy? Cubs fans to have option to be buried in Wrigley Field look-a-like
Fun With Fantasy Gambling Numbers: Over/Under Week 2
Falling Prices in a Steroid Era
Robinho Scores a Stunning Free Kick in his Man City Debut
The Evolution of the Baseball Fan Tee Shirt
Golfer gets unlikely ace on a par-4 18th hole
Worst College Logos - (PICs)
Cubs' Zambrano Pitches No-Hitter
The Anthony Gonzalez - Reggie Wayne Catch
Tom Brady Hurts (vid)
Dallas .vs. Philadeplphia: Oh, man too bad we didn't pick that one up and run it all the way back
5 most ridiculous (fictional) sports movies ever
Tony Kornheiser look-alikes
Mets Collapse Continues; 1st Place Lost
The 10 Hottest Female Celebrity Sports Fans
Josh Howard disrespects the National Anthem during charity football game (video)
6 of Steven Gerrard's best CL goals
Michelle Wie Moves to Second in LPGA Qualifying
 Erin Andrews Smiles, Waves  
The Greatest Moment in Shea Stadium History:  Drunk guy get's beer cups stacked on his head
Curt Schilling blast Manny Ramirez.
Abreu, Mussina Shine as Yanks Beat White Sox
Aarrr! I've flogged seventeen quarterbacks with me cat 'o nine tails under the Jolly Roger! Now get me some grog for me scurvy.
Sunderland vs Middlesbrough Live Streaming
Hey all you women who don’t like it when men enjoy sports — suck it!
German Women's Team Seeks Sexy Sponsor
Manchester City Vs Portsmouth Live &amp; Highlights
Bud Selig Refuses to Let the Astros Controversy Die
On an uncharacteristically quiet night for Terrell Owens, the Dallas Cowboys leaned on their defense and running game
Possible Playoff Matchups for Cubs
Ray Lewis Knocks The Shit Out Of Kellen Winslow
Alcohol Fuels Problems Over the Weekend - College Campus Douchebaggery
a risk free way to bet on sports
Jesus is now down with Rip Hamilton uni's
Finally: Knicks dump Marbury
Merrill Hoge Really Hates Vince Young
If baseball games were six innings long, the Mets would be leading the NL East by 11.5 games.
A lesson in hazing re: high school football
A Catch Better Than David Tyrees Superbowl Grab
Jacquizz Rodgers, Oregon State Upset #1 USC Trojans
Munson, legendary radio voice for Georgia, retires suddenly 
How writers choose MLB's MVP, a flowchart.
Joe Torre’s Revenge
Mariners hint they could hire woman as next GM
Everton vs Liverpool Live Streaming
Bryant, Bucs Handle Load Against Pack
Anquan Boldin recoverring from serious helmet to helmet hit against Jets (Video)
A day after burying his 3-month-old son, the Tampa Bay kicker booted three field goals to help the Buccaneers beat the Packers on Sunday.
Yankees Close Book on Embarrassing 2008 Season
Sign of the Apocalypse: Vanderbilt leads SEC East
John Parker Wilson named SEC offensive player of the week
Somebody finally helped out the Nigerian prince.
Bengals sign Cedric Benson to add to criminal roster
Lakerland forecast: sunny and warm - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
Upset  fantasy football player arrested for threatening to kill roommate 
Top 10 Tennis Babes [Videos]
John Madden Still Thinks Al Davis Is Sane
MLB Playoff Teams as VH1's 100 Greatest Hip Hop Songs 				
Zambrano Game 2’s central figure
OJ Simpson Has Officially Lost His Mind
A-Rod and Tom Brady are Bro-mantic
Dodgers 10, Cubs 3 - Cubs thumped by Dodgers again, on cusp of heartbreak
Fantasy football redditors: Lendale White or Roddy White?
Eagles’ Westbrook has full practice
SI never gets things right with their Cubs covers
College Football: 2 Losses? LSU Gave Everybody Hope
Gina Carano had to get naked... in public... to make weight (with videos!)
Auburn needs to fire Tony Franklin! That was BAD!
As predicted, Gina Carano beat that ass 
Former Surfing World Champ Plans Sex Change
Old time hockey :) Boston Bruins players fight in the crowd
The '81 Dodgers sing 'We Are The Champions' on Solid Gold
Buy the Dallas Cowboys' end zone
Four-year-old Go-Kart Phenom Inks £15,000 Sponsorship Deal 
With Tigers 104th in offense, Franklin fired
Aussie Rules Football [video]
Charles Rogers ordered to repay Lions 8.5 Million
BMX cyclist Mike Aitken in a coma after suffering a serious bike accident
Asia warms to 39th-game proposal 
Facts about Manny Ramirez....or....why Tim McCarver is an ignoramus who should shut his f---ing pie-hole
Choke-lahoma?  
KU's Rip his fucking head off chant discussed... like adults.
Nfl: Kellen Winslow's Out With...Swollen Testicles?
Photographs show Edwards had Harvick by the neck  
Klitschko wins third world heavyweight crown
Golfing great Ballesteros has brain tumor
Pacman Jones To Be Punished By Roger Goodell On Monday Or Tuesday
Falcolns win in wild one against Bears.
Seve Ballesteros determined to fight brain tumor - Golf  
Colts right themselves in 31-3 blowout of Ravens 
New Coach.  Same Shitty Raiders.  
Dusty Baker Is Now Coaching Ten Year Olds -- This Should Pan Out Well for Their Long Term Careers
Mark Sanchez &amp; Vinnie Chase?
Armstrong casts more doubt on entering Tour de France
Kobe Bryant got pwned
Nets Guard Devin Harris gets schooled on the playground
Pace Calculator | Enter Time and Distance to Calculate Pace
NFL Commish Suspends Pacman Jones for Second Time
Indiana's revenge: UAB star Vaden arrested while visiting his former school
One Video to Sum Up the Entire Dodger Season
David Beckham: Frozen fish tycoon
Aikman Finally Decides To Send A Shot Back At Boomer
TCU puts end to BYU's 16-game winning streak - College Football  
Shameful Moments in Sports Fandom
NCAA Division III Power House School Sports
Not Again: Brett Favre undecided on 2009
College basketball's tallest player, 7-foot-7 Kenny George, has right foot partly amputated 
Arsenal vs Everton Highlights
Liverpool vs Wigan Highlights
Middlesbrough vs Chelsea Highlights
Murray exacts revenge on Federer
Red Sox 4, Rays 2.  Force Game 7.
NASCAR feeling the pinch from economic crisis
No. 4 Sooners rebound with 45-31 win over Kansas  
Superclassico Result:  10-Man Boca Defeat River 1-0
Rays win the American League pennant!
Week 7 Roundup: Janikowski’s FG shocks Jets; Tennessee stays undefeated
Biden Faces-Off With Hockey Mom
Chiefs dispute missed field goal.  They like losing by 21 or less.  24 is approaching embarrassing territory.
boink, boink.... and boink.
Patriots defense faces tough test against Jay Cutler's Broncos
Joba Was Getting Heckled at a Strip Club Before His DUI
As the Tampa Bay Rays attest, playoff success depends on more than just statistics and odds.
3 Ways UGA can win, 3 Reasons Why They Won't
Erin Andrews Hints At A Move To Entertainment
 Michael Phelps Is Not Afraid To Get Drunk and Dorky In Vegas (Photos)
Premier League beware of NFL invasion
Police chief rebukes Thomas for involving daughter
ESPN - No. 7 Georgia scampers past No. 13 LSU on back of Moreno 
5 Reasons Why LSU Lost to Georgia
Report: Blazers Still Badmouthing Darius Miles
Joe Blanton Had Substance On Hat During Game 4 Of The World Series
Notre Dame really hasn't beaten anyone of note; the Irish's five victims have won a combined nine games. 
Jets involved in concussion controversy again
NHL Team Valuations - Forbes.com
Texas A&amp;M settles lawsuit over '99 bonfire collapse
Why do people discuss the NBA as if it were still a sport?  It's just pure entertainment now.
Liverpool vs Portsmouth Highlights
Man Utd vs West Ham Highlights
Hull City vs Chelsea Highlights
Armchair Quarterback: Week 8
BELICHICK ON MANNING: KIND OF A PUSSY 
Bengals wide receiver boldly predicts single victory
Who is the hottest cheerleader in the NFL? (The Finals) 
Ron Artest Gets Technical For Protecting Yao Ming (VIDEO) 
NBA 09: New Season, New Challenge
A place unlike any other
Garrett Monroe Meets Erin Andrews
Texas Tech upsets Texas and rankings
Who will be number 1?
On the BCS: Alabama moves into top spot.  Texas Tech #2.
With Rodney Harrison out: Who is the NFL's dirtiest player?
Rangers Epic Collapse Against Leafs [Video]
Lewis Hamilton driven by promise of dream car
Hot Jets cheerleader tests out the Wii + don't miss out on the New York Jets Cheer Flight crew auditions
Phil Fulmer Resigns! YAAAAY
Fans' emotions mixed over UT coach decision
John Henderson gouges Andrew Whitworth's eyes
Bill Shankly: True Working-Class Hero
UFC Flags Chris Leben for Steroid Use
LPGA Vixens to take on the Dudes in Three Tour Challenge
HeadBlade Head Shave
Guy running a half-marathon accidently the whole thing
Go Fill Out Your Roller Derby National Championship Tournament Bracket!
The Nerdiest Sport Ever?
Cory Matthews, Mr. Feeny Share Joyous Moment Following Phillies World Series Victory
A's Acquire Matt Holliday From Rockies -- Billy Beane Hearts the Moneyball?
Bradshaw prediction: Favre retirement announcement coming soon
Kevin Garnett and Jose Calderon Talking Trash 11-10-08, Video
Roger Federer suffers surprise loss to Gilles Simon at Masters Cup in Shanghai
FCB Barcelona and Marcelo Claure Launch Website Asking Miami and U.S. Fans to Support Miami's Bid for Major League Soccer
Jury orders NFL union to pay $28.1M to retirees; I won three Superbowls and this feels better than all of them combined 
Obama KO's Mac
2009 NBA All-Star Voting Begins
LeBron Defy Grafity from The Free Throw Line for A Dunk
Salomon Snowboard - The Sick Stick
Man Climbs To Top Of Sears Tower 4 Times In One Day
Texas High School Cheerleaders give rat poison/bleach brownies to rivals - suspended for 3 days.
2009 Tour de France - Lance Armstrong Returns
Judge dismisses lawsuit against Kansas point guard
Top 10 saddest moments in a sports blogger's life
2008 Holiday Gift Guide 
Bowden suspends 5 in campus brawl 
Andy Murray dumps defending champion Roger Federer out of the Masters Cup: Tennis - Telegraph
Bolton Wanderers vs Liverpool Live Streaming
Clemson WR Kelly sets ACC record for receptions
Arenas' returns help out No. 1 Alabama - in the most boring week of college football ever.
No. 3 Gators swamp Spurrier, Gamecocks 56-6 
BC clips No. 20 Florida State 27-17 
Djokovic wins Masters Cup final
Titans beat Jaguars, improve to 10-0 - NFL.  That 18-1 record might be in jeopardy.
Take a Bow, Nate Silver!  Baseball has been very, very good to Nate Silver.  So has politics. 
High School Rugby
All-African American High School Rugby Team has Four-Year Undefeated Run...
Unique School, Unique Team; an all-black rugby team
How To Play Basketball For Beginners
Head Airflow 7 CB Tennis Racquet
Cubs bidder Cuban accused of insider trading
Anna Kournikova covered in bubbles 
 FIRST PICS: Interim 2009 F1 car
ESPN - Bowl Projection - College Football   Red Raiders-Gators heading toward title clash
NBA Owner Mark Cuban Charged With Insider Trading
 Cycling: Lance Armstrong: 'I'm not afraid of anything. No one had more scrutiny' | Sport | The Guardian 
Barack Obama Plays Some 3-on-3 Basketball
Rich Rodriguez to harsh Michigan Wolverines fans: 'Get a life'
Fan Distracts QB With Laser
5 Year Old Girl Dribbles 2, Then 3 Basketballs
Bumpshack College Football Top 5 (Week 11)
Victory gives Capello selection problems
Syracuse starting guard Eric Devendorf cited as one of five men involved in harassment case
Landycakes Gets Another Shot in Germany.  Hey Bayern: Don't, Don't, Don't Believe the Hype!
San Diego brass says Norv Turner will return as coach
Dallas Defeats The Injury Ridden Houston Team
Five reasons why Chad Johnson was late for a team meeting
Florida State star safety may win Rhodes Scholarship - this kid is unbelievable!
Michigan upsets No. 4 UCLA
Oh How I Hate Ohio State
A day without hating McNabb is like a day without sunshine 
Gallas stripped of Arsenal captaincy after attack
Adidas TS Commander (and TS Creator)
Football experts are getting beat by random pickers.
Next Olympic sport: pole dancing? 
How a Tweet Lead to a Phone Call From Shaq
MMA FANS ARE GIGANTIC DOUCHEBAGS 
Yankees control shifts to Steinbrenner's son Hal 
Belgium Knee Warmers: Road to Paris - 27 Days with the US Postal Team
Notre Dame players pelted by snowballs 
New York Knicks facing pressure to sign away LeBron James in 2010.  And Chris Bosh.
BCS Standings
First episode of Sports Blog Bucks
Thoughts on the Latest WWE PPV - Survivor Series 
Zenit vs Juventus Highlights
Basketball Fail
Tony Kornheiser Strikes Again, Talks About Brett Favre More Than Anybody Else
Curry gets 0, Davidson routs Loyola (Md.) 78-48 
Giants kicker wants Bush to pardon his brother 
Charlie Weis isn't the right guy for Notre Dame coaching job.
Mumbai terrorist attacks: England's one-day series in India cancelled
Undefeated No. 9 Boise State routs Fresno, 61-10 -  Scoring 51 unanswered points.
Reports: Giants' Burress shot in leg at club 
New York Giants star wide receiver Plaxico Burress accidentally shot himself in the leg Friday. oops.
Oklahoma Sooners score 61 to Oklahoma State's 41.
Dakar 2009: Photos From The Scrutineering from Bikes in the Fast Lane - Daily Motorcycle News
Colts (8-4)  top Browns for 5th straight win - NFL 
BCS Realpolitik: Oklahoma it is, but a new route to chaos from the Gator-hater computers
Plaxico Burress Surrenders to Police 
OMG NO.... Dr. Z from Sports Illustrated had two strokes a week ago. :(
Sionara Cuban, Mark Cuban Fails to Submit Final Bid for the Cubs
Want to Know if Your Kid Is an Athlete? Genetic Test May Have the Answer
Should The Giants Cut Ties With Plaxico Burress?
McDonald cup double as Burnley oust Arsenal
Carolina Hurricanes fire Laviolette; sources indicate Maurice is new coach
Sports Propaganda
Gaping wounds are a bloody gold mine for MMA—and a jackpot for the men who close them.
 Auburn fires Tuberville 
Why the NFL Should Be More Like NASCAR 
NFL Power 10: It's The Steelers' AFC, Everyone Else Is Just Playing For Second
Saban on Tubby firing: I really question some of the judgment relative to how it is for our game...
Giants Stadium Construction Update - 12/4 [pics]
Who Would've Thunk It? The NHL is the Classiest.
The NBA's Best Owners
 Honda given a month to sell F1 team or close
Honda poised to quit Formula One 
11 Year Old Rocks To Bon Jovi During Football Game
Steve Mariucci Interrupts Brett Favre Press Conference, Video
Juice to be put on ice for 16 years
Police Again Take Issue With N.F.L. in Shooting 
Oakley Major League Baseball FLAK JACKET XLJ Sunglasses
Florida coach Urban Meyer's daughter becomes a georgia tech volleyball hottie
Fiesta pairs Texas against Ohio State 
Townsend's INT seals it, Steelers top Dallas 20-13 - NFL 
Clippers coach Mike Dunleavy implies Dwyane Wade is a cheater
Giants Clinch NFL East Despite Loss
Olympic swimmer treated for cancer makes a splash with return
“Let’s say between 600 and 700 women, about twenty who were entertainers… Often I played great games after having had sex.”
Wie officially a full-time pro; she now has to act like one
The Timberwolves Fire Coach Wittman, McHale Takes The Hot Seat: Good Luck!
A bunch of white kids totally jacked about offending Native Americans. [VIDEO]
Simoni Racing's sexy 2009 calendar
Baseball Players, Agents and GMs Invade Las Vegas For Winter Meetings
Did Visanthe Shiancoe Flash On Purpose?
Amber Sabathia: C.C. Sabathia's Deciding Factor in Signing with Yankees?
Adam Pac-Man Jones out for season and maybe career
A Review of Yankees moves from the past several years
It is time for Yankees to land Mark Teixeira
You're In The NBA - Man Up Glen Big Baby Davis
Loose Ball Evades Entire NBA [onion]
Top 12 reasons the Arena Football League won't play in 2009
Pro Bowl mockery complete: Fans vote nine Redskins onto team
Melo Scores a Franchise-Record 33 Points in the Third Quarter
Hell Yeah!  Oklahoma State's Fodge named Ray Guy Award winner
He boldly told them that his number 1 priority was his personal relationship with Jesus Christ, his Lord and Saviour. Go Tim Tebow!
The FIVB Volleyball World Championships first round take place at Sheffield’s English Institute of Sport on January the 2nd, 3rd and 4th
Does anyone even care about the Heisman anymore?
HOF pitcher Jim Bunning asking for trouble
Capitals sign website producer as a player
Washington Capitals turn Web site producer into goaltender
US Gold medalist in gymnastics Nastia Liukin looks great offf the mat
Barred wife of ex-NFL player with dementia (and in an institution unable to speak for himself) seeks voice at table
The 100 hottest WAGs for 2009: 31-40 
Oklahoma's Sam Bradford 2008 Heisman trophy winner
2008 Heisman Trophy Awarded
Luv To Surf: Former Oakland Athletics Troy Neel Owes Nearly
Sorenstam Ends Career With Birdie in Dubai
Stingy Dolphins stay hot, keep pace in AFC East race
This guy has a death wish. You don't mess with Klitschko. 
CSU drains a 60 Foot buzzer beater to top Syracuse.  (Video)
Tiger's Caddy On Phil: I Hate The Prick
Reports: Bertuzzi, Moore meet, try to settle suit
Attorney: Michael Vick might move to halfway house in January
You've heard of the Bulls' Matadors? At 300 to 400 pounds each, the Bulls' Matadors make the city of big shoulders more like the city of big bellies
Carmelo Anthony, 33 points in a quarter!
Manning Brothers to Pro Bowl
Holyfield, 46, will soon fight for his fifth boxing world title
Subaru pulls out of 2009 World Rally Championship
Which footballer dreams of being a porn star?
Windsurfer becomes first to test skills in Alaskan waters
Alex Rodriguez to spend Christmas with Madonna
Top 12 sports to heckle 
Blackburn Rovers Appoint Sam Allardyce
Rumor: Why Gene Chizik owes his new job to Yella Fella
Kevin McHale Blames Bloggers For Coach Firings
Plaxico Burress - You'll Shoot Your Thigh Out
Tyler Hansbrough off the court success with the ladies
Mets Are ‘Not for Sale, Not a Piece of It’
NHL Betting - Conference rivals square off on Thursday night
Watch Wrigley ice rink being built! Video!
76ers won't have injured forward Brand for a month
Mike Richards isn't God, but they probably hang out
Murder-suicide suspected in death of UFC fighter Justin Levens, wife.
Salary Cap?  What Salary Cap?
New Yankee Stadium at Night - 12/18/2008 [pics]
Top 10 shocking realizations for NFL gamblers
Eddy Curry sued for not paying his shopping tab
Hansbrough Breaks UNC All-Time Scoring Record
Streaming Calcio: Sporting Lisbon vs. Academina de Coimbra
The 100 hottest WAGs for 2009: 1-10! 
The WWE Divas warm up our holiday 
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: A look back at the Tampa Bay Rays 2008 Game of the Year
High flying Kobie Bryant going low cut with shoes
Evander Holyfield Loses To Valuev
Titans clinch AFC's No. 1 seed, home-field edge - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Ejections, arrests up at Cleveland Browns Stadium
There are some games where cheering for the other side feels better than winning. 
Is the end nigh for McNabb?
Dolphins, even at 10-5, don't get much respect
This is why you don't throw snowballs at Shaun Ellis.
Women's long drive champion used to be a man
Hirsute tribute: 49ers growing mustaches
Rondo has Celtics skating toward another title - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
Police Seize Weapons, Ammo, Sneakers From Plaxico Burress' Home
The 49ers will lead the league in upper lip hair on Sunday
New York Times Selling Boston Red Sox To Survive  
Tom Brady and Gisele Bundchen Engaged to Wed
Why are there are so few black coaches in college football?
She had a personal trainer at age 7.  She was the 2008 National High School Player of the Year.  48 hours into her college career, she quit.
Video: Future star John Tavares's incredible puck-juggling goal
Lakers-Celtics earns highest rating in 4 years - NBA -
UFC 92 Forrest Griffin - Rashad Evans Live Blog
Lions jersey to commemorate historical season
why does the NFL's website suck so much? 2 hours after bracket is set, they show nothing!
Brady's rehab progressing as expected  
Fishing past the Winter Solstace.
Tampa Bay Handcuffs And Ejects You For Rooting For The Opposing Football Team
The Celtics are *GASP*... human 
The Mangenius has been manfired
Defensive overhaul should be Bears' top priority
High School Sports: Athletic Trainer Did More Than Tape Ankles, Apparently
Skaters Jump In as Foreclosures Drain the Pool
Which NFL team choked the worst?
Auburn got on the Gus Bus
Key play breakdowns for NFL playoff teams
Tony Romo Collapses After Game
Brown talking to Magini for their headcoaching job.
The best sports pictures of 2008.
New York Jets to talk with Bill Cowher about their vacant coaching postion.
10 of the Greatest Heels from the Golden Age of Wrestling 
Boston Celtics Examiner: Hey Celtics, where are your heads?
Behind the scenes, Parcells pulls Dolphins' strings
You're Awesome Baby! Dick Vitale Calls an NBA Game
Stephon Marbury Might Sign with Celtics
Kardashian sisters line up all their sexy curves in Vegas
Save of the Year Made With 3 Hours Left In Year [VIDIO] 
Great News - Shanahan Gets Fired!
Barack Obama, Bob Stoops, Orange Bowl
UFC  fighter Josh The Dentist Neer arrested with .134 BAC after hit &amp; run on a police car &amp; ensuing high speed chase
Peyton Manning Wins 3rd NFL MVP Award, Full Voting Results
Sean Avery Year in Review
Slovakia beats the USA 5-3, eliminating the United States from medal contention in the first big upset of the world junior hockey championship.
Flag Football Blog
Michael Vick's Dogs Looking Happy and Loved, Nice End to Story
 14 of The Funniest Sport Moments You've Ever Seen 
Erin Andrews, Dancing with the Trojans
Ray Maualuga gets busy with Erin Andrews Photo 
Beware, Matt Millen will ruin your career
Playing golf can damage hearing
Jets to interview Cards' Grimm this week
Slope motion: Professor identifies ski sickness
Matt Millen: Lions Must 'Stay the Course' - Before he was fired and is now a credible TV expert.
Dan Clark Talks About His Bitch T**s, Man Boobs, Breast-Chesticles
Zetterberg gives kid his hockey stick after Winter Classic game; jerk poses as a security guard and confiscates it
Harrison 1st undrafted AP Defensive Player of Year
Milton Bradley to sign with Cubs
Bidding for Chicago Cubs may be near a conclusion
Meadowlands Stadium Construction Update - 1/6/09 [pics]
Dwight Howard with the HUGE Put-Back Slam
How the yellow football line is made [video]
Raiders were money with the Cable Guy why the hell would they not give him a chance next year!
Tulsa Airport already called Thursday's game in favor of the Sooners
Third goal of Messi's hat trick against Atletico Madrid
Bill James Dismantles the BCS
Celtics lose at home to Rockets, 89-85, lost 3 games in a row, 6 of last 8, with huge game at Cleveland looming on Friday
International Roller Derby Match Taking Place in Germany
Kobe Bryant Slams Left Handed on Turiaf, Video, 1-7-09
Best Football Catches [video]
Obama calls Oregon St. coach after win over USC
Beckham's son drives a $70,000 Porsche toy car
PGATOUR.COM - Singh to have surgery, could miss up to five weeks
Bill James urges his colleagues to boycott the BCS.
FA Cup's 50 Greatest Heroes Of All Time
2009 National Championship Title Florida Gators (PHOTOS)
Sports Guy, Bill Simmons: Award-winning picks for Round 2 of NFL Playoffs
TimTebow to skip senior season!!!
A rant on Bill Simmons from ESPN being an old guard douche on the internet.
Charles Barkley, officially drunk
Congress' Reports on Steroids in the NFL. Um, There Are a Shitload
Tebow returning for senior season - College Football 
Erin Andrews Has A Sister Named Kendra &amp; Dan Patrick Got To Hang With Both At BCS
Denver Broncos Hire New Head Coach - NE Patriot's offensive coordinator Josh McDaniels
Boston Celtics Slump: No Team is Untouchable
1 Red State, 1 Green State, 2 Blue States, and 46 Yellow States
Massa gives new Ferrari first run
Is this how you're raising your son as a sports fan? (PIC)
Video's from the Union County Speedway race 1/10/2009
Rickey Henderson elated that Rickey Henderson got elected to the New and Improved Rickey Henderson Baseball Hall of Fame.  Rickey Henderson
Florida's Tebow has shoulder surgery.  Took painkillers last 6 games.
NFL Players Draw thier versions of God (National Lampoon)
Ball Crunchers: 15 Great Moments in Sports Groin Shots (PICS
The 10 Best Sports Movie Coaches
Eddy Curry: Eddy Curry And The Disturbing, Big Gay Sexual Harassment Lawsuit
82 Foot High School Buzzer Beater
Giants fans destroy a 911 in parking lot after loss to Eagles.
10 years ago today -- MJ retired -- for the first time.  
South St. Paul Examiner: Tubby Smith brings Minnesota Golden Gopher Basketball roaring to relevance
Where will Tim Tebow fit in the NFL?
Manchester City's Record Breaking £100m bid for AC Milan Star Kaka
How to Play Foosball
18 recruiting commitments help ease the blow of UGA losses to NFL jumping and graduation
Lawsuit latest adversity for former Bull Eddy Curry
Bench clearing hockey fight.  Goalies too!  (video)
Anaheim drops legal challenge to Angels name
The other side of Marvin Harrison - Loner, Violent, Unknown
Bradford following Tebow to return next year- good to see everyone not leaving early for the NFL
Sources: Dallas Cowboys to talk about releasing Terrell Owens.
Kentucky Politics: BIG BUZZ: Tim Couch considering run for public office
South St. Paul Examiner: Red Hot Golden Gophers travel to Wisconsin
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Rays 2009 player preview: Gabe Gross
Gold medalist Nastia Liukin in WWD magazine
Mixed Martial Artist Kyra Gracie's sexy photo shoot for VIP
Barry Zito is dating ... Paris Hilton??
What Position Will Tim Tebow Play In The NFL?
Southern California QB Sanchez to enter NFL draft 
For 60 years, the Arizona Cardinals had more hometowns than playoff wins
Devin Harris is dating a smoking hot model from Dallas....and she seems naughty
Bonds seeks to block evidence, former mistress
Nudists Save Lingerie Bowl
What if Paul Scholes wasn't offside?
Tennis champ Serena warns her best is yet to come
Magic make Lakers disappear in final minute
Streaming Calcio: AC Siena - Reggina
Hull City vs Arsenal Live Streaming Football
Cole Hamels signs a 3  year extension with the Phillies
Streaming Calcio: Lazio - Juventus
Armstrong makes pro cycling comeback in Australia - 64th out of 133.
The Coach's View - Panoramic View of Madison Square Garden (Interactive Feature)
Palamuuluu
Cycling Examiner: Lance Armstrong returns to cycling with pack finish in Tour Down Under warm-up criterium
The New York Jets have reached an agreement with Rex Ryan to make the Baltimore defensive coordinator their head coach
Cool new site: Bet on sports for free. Win real money. Its all paid for by advertisers!
Sam Deering Soccer Player Profile - Oxford United's Incredibly Talented Young Winger
File a “Broken Ankle Claim” with Kobe Bryant, Nike Commercial, New Vrial Video 
The fate of the Eagles in the post season
Burlesque Show At the Australian Open?
Thats not the Wichita State Shockers logo...
So That's What Happened To Brenda Warner
Jets hire Rex Ryan as head coach
Why No Last Minute Bush Pardon of Clemens
Streaming Calcio: Hannover 96 - AC Milan
Winning a million at a Chicago Blackhawks game
This is really cool if you like people covered in wheels.
The Most Valuable Teams In Sports
'Survivor: NFL?' Reality TV offers spot on Cowboys
2009 NBA All-Star Starting Lineup
Will Forte on the BCS: I know many people, including President Obama, want a playoff system. But I love the BCS. It combines all the things I love most about sports: computers, ballots and lobbying.
The Tomlinator - Steelers Coach Mike Tomlin
Affliction Fedor vs Arlovski Pre-Fight Analysis
I am so sorry my team won 100-0... that I will now forfeit the game...
Former Laker Byron Scott owned by 10 yr. old in 3 point shootout
Turkish league back with a bang
REAL Fantasy MMA is here, and its COOL!
Utah Jazz owner, Larry H. Miller, has legs amputated below knees
Shane Mosley Upsets Antonio Margarito to Win Title
Cast your vote: Who will win Super Bowl XLIII
Watch FA cup Liverpool v Everton live soccer TV link free 25 January
All Hail the the Last Emperor -- Fedor Emelianenko Vs. Andrei Arlovski
Mallorca vs Valencia :live soccer TV link free 25 January
NHL wrong in suspending two Red Wings
Torre takes swings at Yankees in new book 
Dental Plan
Lakers' Odom being investigated for grabbing his crotch
Watch NBA live basketball Timberwolves v Bucks free link TV January 26
Yankees Stingy with Money Now
Why NFL Network is stuck on the sidelines
Amazing Matrix-like gif of KO - Fedor vs Arlovski
This Year's Super Bowl, Played Out on Tecmo Super  Bowl in Video
Underwater sports
Watch Italian Serie A AC Milan vs Genoa live soccer today 28th January
Watch Italian Serie A AC Milan vs Genoa live soccer today 28th January
Watch Everton vs Arsenal : live EPL soccer match TV link FREE 28.01.09
Tampa,Fl-Superbowl-Girls Flag Football game!! | Flag Football Blog
The 13 Ballsiest Super Bowl Prop Bets
Chicago Cubs' Alfonso Soriano OK with not being leading man
Boxing Strength Exercises: Mastering the Pull Up and Chin Up
Hockey player says Burnaby fight was religiously motivated - Muslims bring their religious differences with them to Canada.
Why the NFL should replace the overtime coin toss with an auction system.
White Sox invite President Barack Obama to throw first pitch at season opener
Super Bowl Weeks They'd Rather Forget
Lame Questions, Lame Answers Super Bowl Media Day
Anyone hiring a tiny acrobat?
Fight Net: Cintron Takes Sweet Offer To Meet Martin
UFC 94: full video of Georges St-Pierre hammering BJ Penn
Rafael Nadal beats Roger Federer in a 5-set thriller for the Australian Open Championship
Michael Phelps: Loves his bong
Federer falls short in epic Australian Open final
Super Bowl XLIII Start Time
Here we go STEELERS!
TwitterBowl 2009: Developed in one night for the big game! 
Interesting Arizona Cardinals Trivia
Vote for Puppy Bowl V MVP;  You know what to do, Reddit.
As An Atheist, I Prefer Hockey
On Phelps
Val d'Isère set for ski season's main event
Boxing Insider: Morrison KOs Williams In 1
Drunk Reveler Urinated On Patriots Quarterback Matt Cassel At Super Bowl Party
Kobe scores 61 points, setting Madison Square Garden record
Breaking: Tests Have Linked Roger Clemens' DNA To Blood In Syringes
Clemens DNA Found in Syringes
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Rays 2009 player preview: David Price
Five Craziest Sports-Related Career Swaps
Chicago Olympics 2012 - Venue Flyover
Greatest Super Bowl Ever, Reports Incorrect Man
Watch Los Angeles Lakers vs Boston Celtics live Streaming NBA 05/02/09
Will Barry Bonds' Walk Away Clean?
Stewart Scott gives David Baine and Criss Angel a run for their money.
Michael Phelps Suspended! 
SI: Alex Rodriguez Tested Positive for Roids in 2003
UFC Fight Night Live Stream
Beckham Back in the England Squad 
Scolari sacked by Chelsea
Alex Rodriguez Admits Using Steroids!! (Video)
Alex Rodriguez Admits to Steroid Use
Alex Rodriguez admits to steroid use
Letterman's Top 10 2/9/09
Three chosen for NBA All-Star game of H.O.R.S.E. 
A Postion-By-Position Guide to the Most Hated Yankees Ever
Michael Phelps Unsure if he will Compete in London Games
Favre Says He Will Retire (Again) 
Spurrier's non-punishment explained by the SEC
DUKE/UNC - Live Video Stream
Jets will pay for Favre experiment - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Beckham Equals Moore’s Record as England Taste Defeat in Spain
The Curious Case Of Gregory Oden…***Please read I promise you will laugh!!!***
Police Looking To Charge Michael Phelps For Smoking Pot
The 11 Biggest Sports Scandals Ever
Awesome podcast with David Stern and Marbury on Slamoniline.com
Spartakiada, Prague '1985 - one of the mass gymnastics events during the communist regime
Laker Fan Sampras Headed To The Land Of The Celtics
Prosecuting Michael Phelps—or anyone—for marijuana use is a rejection of the American conception of law and government
Dwight Howard challenges you to beat his Shaq Impersonation
Steelers welcomed home (pics)
Ferrari FXX has amazing brakes!!!
Marion to Toronto; O'Neal to the Heat
Cycling's Cancellara sprints to California gold
New England Patriots Examiner: Patriots can't let Vince Wilfork become the next Asante Samuel
Ever Wonder Where the Term Alley Oop Came From?
Hilarious Retro Video of the 49ers Rap
 NFLPA search down to final 3 candidates
Model banned from boxing because of breast implants 
Big Papi wants season-long ban for steroid users
New England Patriots Examiner: Patriots about $4 million under the projected salary cap
Ex-major-league pitcher eyes comeback after 18 years
Our Burning Questions for A-Rod
Do you know who my Dad is? ? I'm a McNarney!  Former Cyclown Coach and Current Florida Asst's daughter Arrested in Iowa City!
Michael Vick coming back to NFL?
Gus Johnson Remix (This guy could make broadcasting chess games worth watching)
Falling Into a 1200 Foot Glory Hole 
Sucks to be a Hornets Fan
NBA borrows $175 million to help 15 struggling franchises
On Second Thought, Maybe Mark McGwire Got it Right. (After Bond's, Clemens, Sosa, A-Rod, etc.)
Lance Armstrong's stolen bicycle recovered 
President Obama's Biggest Gift - Shaq's Autographed Sneaker
Streaming Calcio: Lech Poznan - Udinese 18:00
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Rays 2009 player preview: Willy Aybar
Leading Nationals prospect from DR faked age, name
The Ron Artest PETA Ad that had to happen
Rick Fox's sis?  Same face much diff body
An Apology for Using Drugs to Keep Up with Facebook
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Rays sign Isringhausen: Wilson, Pulsipher next?
Excited child dents FA Cup trophy
Streaming Calcio: Serie B Diretta Gol 16:00
Orlando Hudson agrees to terms with Dodgers
Pavlik vs. Rubio &amp; Cotto vs. Jennings Free Live Stream
Streaming Calcio: AS Roma - AS Siena 18:00
Football Fans slam plans for 20-minute half-time
UCONN Coach Looses His Cool
Fight Net: Cotto Returns With Stoppage Win
Manny being Manny....
Top 12 'Oh Crap' Fantasy Sports Moments
Choosing the Right Tennis Equipment
The 15 Worst Basketball Jerseys Of All Time 
The Lakers, Sean Penn and the Self-Absorption Awards
Barkley Pleads Guily in DUI Case
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Rays 2009 player preview: Dioner Navarro
Boston Celtics may get Cancer
Real Madrid vs Liverpool Highlights Video: Champions League Highlights
Marbury Expected to Join Celtics
Brodeur Breeds Success, Right?
How does Devin Moore (RB-Wyoming) not get invited to the combine?
Michael Vick will be allowed to finish his sentence under home confinement.
The NBA plans to borrow $175 million to distribute to teams in need of additional cash.
Video: Will Wrestling legend Verne Gagne be charged with murdering a 97 year old man in nursing home?
This is the sole reason female collegiate sports still exist
Should Adrian Beltre play in the WBC?
Chiefs Trade for Cassel and Vrabel
A post about curling?
formula 1 race tracks are hot
Broncos coach finds himself at odds with Cutler aka Cutler is being a bitch
The Bobcats are Hot Right Now?
PocketBracket voted Most Popular March Madness iPhone App
NFL career totals- 8 catches, 11 yards, 8 TDs.  Plus 2 more catches for TDs in the Superbowl.
Shaq calls Chris Bosh 'the RuPaul of big men'
NFL mock draft: Version V - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Astounding allegations: Bill Belichick did something friendly 
Magic vs Cavaliers Tickets
2009 NHL Trade Deadline
A-Rod Has Hip Cyst
The hate continues:  A-Rod says really nice things about Jose Reyes.  NY sports media spins it into an insult to Derek Jeter.
Manny Signs with the Dodgers; 2yr, 45m
Wizards fan, President Obama talk a little trash
Mike Taylor Makes Clippers Watchable
I think the pressure has finally gotten to Shaq. He's Cracked.
Lebanese Skier Tests Positive For White Powder On The White Powder
Flyers vs Rangers Tickets
Three Popular Offensive Tactic of Championship Manager | Sportales
Great Moments, Inc. Announces Private Signings Lineup
Ken Whisenhunt: 'A Lot Of People Said We Couldn't Come In Here And Win, And They Were Correct'                 
New England Patriots Examiner: Patriots should follow Red Sox lead, lock up their own players before they reach free agency
Guy Carbonneau has been let go as coach of the Montreal Canadiens.
Real Madrid vs Liverpool live streaming and Highlights on Pc | UEFA Champions League
March Madness It Is, Economically
Celtics vs Hawks Tickets
PED evidence is problem for Clemens. Some of the Issues &amp; Possibilities
Jay Cutler's Situation w/Denver Worsens, Begging Question, Will This Guy/Quarterback Ever Wake Up &amp; Realize He's Done Nothing in NFL &amp; Should Stop Crying?
Teams Aiming for LeBron, Wade in 2010...Forget About It
Hitler's mad about Terrell Owens in Buffalo
I'm a guy that would rather read about sports than read about cooking. Anyone else?
Peter Puck, former Edmonton Oilers owner who traded Wayne Gretzky, has been arrested in the U.S. on charges related to his bankruptcy
UConn Huskies Ousted After Six Overtimes
Steve Nash Live Soccer Skills, Video
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Rays 2009 player preview: Troy Percival
Bochum vs Bayern Munich | Free Flash video streaming on sports network
Oklahoma City Thunder vs Phoenix Suns live Streaming NBA 14/03/09
Los Angeles Clippers vs Denver Nuggets live Streaming NBA 14/03/09
Former WWE wrestler found dead at 33
Chelsea vs Manchester City | Free Flash video streaming on sports network
Watch Netherlands vs USA Live Streaming | World Baseball Classic 2009
Clippers vs Lakers Tickets
Celtics vs Wizards Tickets
cashman yankees suck
Formula One champion to be determined by race wins instead of championship points - ESPN
Mapping N.C.A.A. Tournament Success - Interactive Graphic
New England Patriots Examiner: Throwing a little cold water (just a little) on the Julius Peppers trade rumors
Liverpool must be allowed to grieve on the 20th anniversary of Hillsborough
Iraqi Soccer Fan Shoots Player Dead
March Madness:  The 2009 NCAA Basketball Tournament 
The Bill Mill NCAA Bracket Randomizer
NBAer Villanueva Can't Twitter During Games
Scientists Create March Madness Formula
Fake Rick Reilly Explains March Madness, Video
Audio Aggression: Baltimore Ravens' Terrell Suggs
It's March Madness! (and this year the NCAA is streaming the whole tournament live)
Real-time win probability for NCAA tournament games
Bowden calls Florida St. penalties 'too stiff'
11 Strangest Former Olympic Sports
Branded: Myles Brand and the Madness of March
Hey Reddit, Here's My NCAA Bracket. How's Yours Doing?
Miller quits denying Richard Pryor comparison, just goes with it
Ireland beat Wales in to clinch first Six Nations Grand Slam in 61 years
New England Patriots Examiner: From Ty Law to Rashard Mendenhall, the 23rd pick in the NFL draft has been more hit than miss
Shaq Passes Moses Malone On All-Time Scoring List
Memphis Knows What to Expect From Missouri
Chicago 2016: As IOC visit nears, protests getting louder
Top Ten Gutsiest Sporting Performances
Curt Schilling announces retirement
Lance Armstrong hospitalized after falling during first stage of the five-day Vuelta of Castilla and Leon Race in Spain 
Alex Rodriguez Hooker Scandal – Madam Kristin Davis Tell-All
Lance Armstrong breaks collarbone in crash - Cycling - Yahoo! Sports
I appreciate Paul Pierce now more than ever
The Final Four Tournament of Things
SDSU Junior Strasburg is tripping the radar guns at 103 MPH
Entire Soccer Team Gets Red Carded After Riot
Watch Houston Astros vs St Louis Cardinals live streaming MLB on PC
5-Hour Energy junkie Braylon Edwards draws interest from Eagles
2010 Olympic Torch Unveiled
Kobe Bryant's wife is completely batshit insane
The Question: why is full-back the most important position on the pitch?
So is mixed martial arts a bloodsport or is it a legit sport? Vancouver's still mulling over whether to lift its ban on MMA
Maradona: Pele Lost His Virginity To A Man
Mike Krzyzewski woos Seth Curry to Duke
Kentucky Derby Tickets 2009
Memphis AD: ‘Calipari Probably Not Coaching Tigers’ by End of Day
LeBron King James Shoe Collections
2009 American League Predictions
Calipari Yet to Reach a Decision on UK Job | The World According to MoonDog
Re-evaluating the Boston Celtics
Gary Sheffield Released By Detroit Tigers
Detroit Tigers release Gary Sheffield with 499 home runs.
Bowlen: Cutler is gone - The Denver Post
Stafford won’t talk to shrink, so 49ers don’t want him
England vs Ukraine Highlights Video | World Cup Qualifier Highlights
Latest Basketball Shoes
Top 5 reasons I'm happy to get rid of crybaby Cutler
Brett Favre un-retires, signs with the Cleveland Browns
Cutler update: Source says Cutler trade imminent with Redskins
Michael Vick would like to give you an estimate on that drywall
Steve Nash MVP
Union: Magic Johnson's Companies Using Anti-Union Practices
List of black ice hockey players
Cops Beat Up Soccer Fan, Riot Ensues
USU gets to keep their all-time winningest basketball coach. Stew Morrill says he's not going to Washington State. At least one sport at Utah State won't totally suck.
Bush Throws First Pitch For Texas Ranges On Opening Day
Michigan State Spartans vs. North Carolina Tar Heels - Recap - April 06, 2009 - ESPN
New England Patriots Examiner: Tom Brady, Gisele Bundchen do-over wedding interrupted by gunfire
2009 National League Predictions
Stuart Broad is England's most valuable player 08/09. 
LAA Angels Rookie Pitcher, Adenhart, Killed in Car Crash
The Ultimate Fighter Has a Chicago Flavor
Sports Vision helps Olympic Athlete
Arise Prince of Darkness
Mondays With Bob Greene: It’s a great honor to reach the number one ranking
Cuzoogle's Hot or Not Final Standings
Mark (The Bird) Fidrych dies at 54 in apparent accident at his farm
Liverpool crash out of the Champions League in style: Chelsea 4-4 Liverpool (7-5 on aggregate)
Brawn GP win F1 legal battle over diffusers
Hulk:  I Totally Understand OJ.  I Get It. 
NHL playoffs tonight, Who will make it and who won't?
Help! My Husband is a Clippers Fan!
McLaren F1 boss Dennis quits sport 
Best Fumble Recovery!
Patrick Mills to Enter NBA draft
The Dislike For Carl Pavano Was Closed-Captioned For The Hearing Impaired 
Sweet Nuts! - A Look at Kasey Kiker, Texas Rangers Super Prospect
Highest-paid athletes in the world 2009
76ers stun the Magic, 100-98, on Andre Iguodala's jumper 
Ducks smack top-seeded San Jose again 
Clinton Portis and Special Olympians Get Their Dance On 
Paying From $2,625 to Only $5 at Yankees’ Opener 
Cardinals' Ludwick Proving 2008 Was No Joke | The World According to MoonDog
Liverpool vs Arsenal Highlights Video : Premiership Highlights
Washington Natinals misspell their own name on their own jerseys.  Yikes. [with pics]
Referee gets hit in the face with a soccer ball
Is the Top N.F.L. Draft Pick a Penalty?
William ‘The Refrigerator’ Perry Suffers From Guillain-Barre Syndrome (Photos)
Tiger Woods, Derek Jeter and Roger Federer are Staying Alive
Columbus will try to stop octopus-toting Wings fans
Charles Barkley lists all of his College Nicknames, Crisco Kid etc... Funny Video
Historical Redskins Draft Busts
College Football Coach Takes Page from Bush Administration - Restricts Access to Those Who Criticize
NFL in talks on London Super Bowl
OMG Simona Halep
Does NFL Draft Success Translate Into Victories? | The World According to MoonDog
NFL Entry Draft Trash Talk 
95,722 show up to see Terrelle Pryor, Ohio State in spring game
New England Patriots Examiner: Patriots trade Ellis Hobbs to Eagles for two 5th round picks
Alex Ovechkin does a little robot impersonation when asked about Don Cherry
Talladega wreck on last lap leaves 8 fans injured as car sails into protective fence (wait for 3rd wreck of clip)
New England Patriots Examiner: New England Patriots 2009 NFL Draft: Day Two Recap and Analysis
On Sept. 4, the 10-team Lingerie Football League will launch its first season with a game between the Miami Caliente and the Chicago Bliss. 
Horse throws off jockey, runs wild into another horse and the other horse is euthanized because of injuries.
Russia take Switzerland 4-2 at hockey worlds
The ascension of rajon rondo
Urban Fly Fishing in Denver
Obama's Shoot Around with the UConn Lady Huskies (Video)
US Women's Australian Football team calendar
Vintage McDermott Cue Sticks – McDermott Collector Cues
Dan Magness Keeps the Ball Off the Ground for 24 Hours!
Denise Richards Botches Take Me Out To The Ballgame, But Looks Hot In Cubs Gear While Doing So
Manny Pacquiao vs Ricky Hatton full fight 
Bird-man Chris Anderson is the most underrated player in the game - sports reporting in basketball is too obessed with who scored the most points, not who played the best game - look at his +/- stat in this playoff game
Dallas Cowboys staff member is left paralyzed after facility collapse
Roberts’ book on A-Rod should be questioned 
Look out Packers, Brett Favre wants revenge 
Beach Volleyball Player Nora Tobin Photos
Rick Ankiel Slams into the Wall Head First and Lays Motionless on the Ground
You haven't heard the end of Favre. No way. He is bionic. He's a crybaby-little-Bitch. As long as somebody will let him in, he will play
Most hoops superstars get talked about as having 4 or 5 tools to their game, but - believe it or not - Lebron James has 9. [videos]
Eight college basketball players who have no business declaring for the NBA Draft
Brett Favre Better Than 50-50 for Another Return
New England Patriots Examiner: Patriots announce individual game tickets to go on sale June 4th at 10:00am
The NBA...Where Amazing Parody Videos Happen
McDermott Special Edition Cues &amp; Collector Cues
Bikini-Themed Sports Bar Set To Open Next Door To Prep School
Unfortunate ad placement on ESPN soccer page
NHL coverage on Hulu.com gets the Hulu Award
Missing From The NBA Playoffs Part 1: Eduardo Nájera
NASCAR - Mark Martin to run full-time for Hendrick in 2010
Johnny Bench Loves That Bubble Fudge
Report: Manny suspended 50 games for positive drug test
Manny's new number is 50...as in games supsended for Performance Enhancing Drugs!
The Onion: Slashed Ticket Prices Allow Lesser Nobility To Attend Yankees Games
The Evolution of Today's Baseball Teams: Names, Cities, and Uniforms (Pics)
Tennessee Volunteers have seen 11 players leave under coach Lane Kiffin - ESPN
Queen Elizabeth II's racehorses has failed a doping test
Mayweather or Pacquiao - Who is Pound for Pound?
Torii Hunter jerks off
Yao out for remainder of postseason - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
Lebron James Makes Crazy underhand halfcourt shot before the game (video)
Next notice for Manny Ramirez should be an eviction
Russia beats Canada again at World Hockey Championship 
Lakers living in worry-free zone 
SDSU's Strasburg tosses 17 K no-hitter; Boras to Nats: 'Mwahahaha' 
DiLeo opts out of Sixers' coaching search
US Pole Dance Championship 2009
New England Patriots Examiner: Patriots announce the signing of former Nebraska WR Terrence Nunn on Twitter
Steroid Offenders: Don't Suspend Them, Let Jack Bauer Handle It | The World According to MoonDog
TNT statistician blows up on-air: I'm not working with you lady-men!
Some Pretty Sick Hockey Goals
Lakers return favor, humiliate Rockets in game 5.
Brooks Robinson
Louis Theroux meets the men behind female bodybuilders
Shawne Merriman scares the hell out of the folks of Powerade by faking an injury (Video)
Fedor Emelianenko's Punchout  (Nintendo 1988)
 T.O. talk still divides Cowboys
Ex-NBAer Corie Blount to be Jailed on Drug Charges
Urban Meyer, Dictator of Gator Nation?
The 2009 and 1983 Mariners
Zoinks! Florida Marlins Players Spooked Out By Ghosts at Milwaukee Hotel
CBS Sports Golf Analyst David Feherty Apologizes To Pelosi | The World According to MoonDog
Stay Greedy Don King
Wayman Tisdale: All-American, NBA star, Olympic gold medalist and award-winning jazz musician dead at 44
MLB Covered Up Manny Ramirez' Failed Steriod Test
Random Retro Baseball Player: Alvin Davis
How the Premier League was won 
Football recruiting: Penn State vs. Michigan State
Phelps ties for top time in prelims of 100 free
Does anyone in sports reddit think Vick has a 'right' to make a living in the NFL? Because a lot of radio hosts think so. I disagree
Make it Seven! Balsillie's online petition hits 100K mark
Dwight Howard on Twitter
Phelps loses at Charlotte
The 2 Wheel Electric Scooter is a fast and sporty scooter that operates without emitting noise or carbon pollution. For only a few pennies, you can zip along on roads, bike paths, and off-road trails,
NBA 76ers Interview Eddie Jordan for Coaching Spot
Dude Perfect - Ranch Edition
Hannah Storm, Seinfeld And Puffy Shirts | The World According to MoonDog
NFL Defensive MVP James Harrison refuses to join his team at the White House because he's an idiot
New Penn State RB Curtis Dukes setting records on track
The Wizardry of NBA Draft Lottery Day Is Here
Pussycat Doll Trying To Steer Formula One Star To The Wedding Chapel
New Jets QB Mark Sanchez Shows His Sexy Side In New GQ Pictorial
25 Funniest Tweets about Michael Vick
LA Clippers May Select Rubio Over Griffin
Woman busted at Dirk Nowitzki's house: 'I'm pregnant'
Photos: Streaking Through the Years
Wow what the hell happened in the 90s...The Leafs Are The Best - Music Video [92-93]
Top 12 NBA Players Who Had Trouble With the Law
Bullfighting Soon to be Banned in Spain?
Five Life Lessons From “He Hate Me”
Clippers Will Take Griffin, Grizzlies Should Pick Hansbrough | The World According to MoonDog
Seattle Mariners Celebrate LOLCATS With Cheezburger Night in July
Ex-NBAer Rick Brunson Hired As Assistant Coach
Which Sport's Athletes Have the Best Sex?
The BEST Kobe vs. LeBron Article EVER
How to Fix the World Series
Random Retro Baseball Player: Mark Gubicza
The Catch
Michael Jordan Could Become Charlotte NBA Franchise Owner
Busted Coverage: Booze, Ladies And Football » Dallas Cowboys Looking For Cheerleaders Who Can Name One Country That Borders Iraq
HowToStopLebronJames.com
Physics WINS! Can You Do This With a Ball? (video)
Bryant, LeBron trade clutch for clutch - Kobe Bryant followed LeBron James' big night with 41 points. The two seem intent on lifting their rivalry to new heights.
LeBron's winner from all angles
Messi vs. Ronaldo: The Stats
Ricky Rubio's Team Wants a 6.4 million buyout when he makes less than 200K
Ex-NBAer Jayson Williams Arrested at N.C. Club
The Lakers/Nuggets series and the Cavs/Magic series are both close as hell, WHO YA GOT?
Nuggets beat LA with a stick
Mike Tyson Daughter Exodus Injured, Accidentally Hanged Herself UPDATED
2009 NBA Draft Team-By-Team Picks | The World According to MoonDog
Hottie soccer WAG Danielle Lloyd beaten up in nightclub brawl
Pittsburgh Penguins sweep Carolina Hurricanes
Caron Butler Chews Straws at the Cheesecake Factory
Kobe &amp; LeBron will dominate during the Finals... but only in the commercial breaks
Please Nike, make the Kobe &amp; LeBron muppets watch The Finals together
Victoria's Secret supermodel Adriana Lima is pregnant - thanks for ruining another fantasy, Marko Jaric!
Did you really think Derrick Rose scored a perfect SAT?
Cristiano Ronaldo can't quite get a handle on the MESSIah
Soccer star Steve Gerrard's advice on getting girls: Go Ugly! Obviously Steve hasn't had a good look at his sexy wife Alex lately.
Red Wings Return to the Finals; I'm Hoping to be Spared from Seeing Marc Andre Fleury's Enormous Chompers
Lebron keeps Nike's hopes alive
[VIDEO] Kno - “Caucasian” (A Tribute To White NBA Players)
Armstrong falls during Giro d’Italia, gets back on bike
LifeLock 400 Tickets Michigan
Please help me understand...Manny Ramirez is 4th in OF all-star voting!?  
365 days with an inanimate Greg Oden 
2009 Stanley Cup Predictions - Detroit Red Wings Vs. Pittsburgh Penguins | The World According to MoonDog
So Jordan was ESPN's first Bret Favre?
First 2009 Stanley Cup Finals Goal Goes up Fleury's Pooper (video)
Repeat: Wings take 2-0 lead over Pens in rematch - NHL
SEC Distributes Record $132.5 Million To Member Schools | The World According to MoonDog
(1)Seminoles Destroy (3)Buckeyes 37-6 in NCAA Baseball Tournament
Abraham Lincoln is Growning a Pittsburgh Penguin Playoff Beard
What GM's bankruptcy could mean for the future of NASCAR - From the Marbles... - NASCAR - Yahoo! Sports
Texas High School Cheerleaders Engage in Crappy Prank
Witness LeBron's Dishonorable Discharge
Lamar Odom: The Candy Man
Top 10 Sports Movie Quotes...To Use While Watching Sports
Good Grief! Charlie Brown throws the first pitch at a Pirates game.
Pierre McGuire Proposes to Sidney Crosby
This is Gymkhana racing at its finest
Must. Resist. Foul. Ball. Pun...
New England Patriots Examiner: Rodney Harrison to retire from NFL, will take job with NBC Sports
Cool wrestling Move... Like something off the matrix!
Extreme skipping
Jackson can prove Red wrong - NBA
Lakers-Magic Finals means cheaper game tickets 
 Kobe: Better than ever 
Agent: Young does not want Titans to trade him - NFL
Shaq's legacy binds Magic, Lakers
9 Big moments for the Big Unit as he goes for win number 300 today.
Detroit4lyfe News Exclusive: Nutty the Squirrel
Pictures Of LeBron James' Facial Growth
Tony La Russa sues Twitter over fake page
Busted Coverage: Booze, Ladies And Football » Headlines: Sit Courtside At NBA Finals For $59k
 Ohio State's Jim Tressel dreams of LeBron James
Datsyuk's Foot Feels More Better; Will Be a Game Time Decision for Game 4 
Once Football's Exclusive Domain, ALL sports now have really Smokin' Hot Cheerleaders! [PICS]
Lebron James fined $25k for snubbing media after loss to Magic
Lil Wayne Releases new rap song Kobe Bryant
NBA Commissioner Vows to Preserve Age Limit
Federer rallies past del Potro in French semis 
When athletes and celebrities get together (pics)
Datsyuk will play in game 5 and Hossa will benefit
Chris Bosh on Jay Leno
New England Patriots Examiner: Remembering Rodney Harrison's top five moments with the New England Patriots
Red Wings Wax Penguins 5-0; Lead Series 3-2
New England Patriots Examiner: Five New England Patriots players who could surprisingly not make the 2009 roster
F1 - JENSON BUTTON wins again.
Teen wins track &amp; field team state title all by herself, again
Just make it end.  Please.
Kobe just got blocked at the end of game 2.  He seems upset, but that block was 100% ball - no foul.  
Lakers survive game 2 to go up 2-0
New England Patriots Examiner: Patrick Pass trying to catch on again with the New England Patriots
2009 Heisman Trophy Candidates | The World According to MoonDog
2009 MLB mock draft
Chad Ochocinco Twitters proudly about new Mexican heritage, plans to celebrate 1st TD by hitting pinata on a goalpost
Penguins hoping to get focused
I like Brandon Inge A Lot... I Like Him A Lot.
LPGA golfers heart Twitter and social media
Heineken Cup 2009/2010
Grizzlies Mike Conley Has Hot Girlfriend | The World According to MoonDog
UFC 99 Live Stream
White Sox Net: FAIL
Orlando shoots 62.5% for its first-ever Finals victory as Lakers can't come through in the last minute.
Cricket should not be fun - now I remember why I find it so boring
Step Back &amp; Look At The Big Picture, Things Are Looking Pretty Good For The Cubs
 Tour de France riders face intensive testing
Kendra Wilkinson is pregnant with Eagles WR Hank Baskett's baby
Blogservations 06/09/09. Marlins 4, Cardinals 3
Ibanez vs. Midwest Sports Fans Controversy: Blame the Philly Inquirer
Photo of the Day: Andrei Kirilenko Feeding a Pig from a Jetski?
Vince Wilfork shows up for mandatory minicamp, wants to get something done with Patriots
JV is pitching at a Varsity Level
Are the Whiners in Pittsburgh Talking about Scuderi's Violation of Rule 67.4? I doubt it.
The Five Greatest Games Sevens in Stanley Cup Finals | The World According to MoonDog
Calipari, Pitino, Pearl &amp; Pastner Go Rock Climbing | The World According to MoonDog
Milan Tuttle: The Amazing Female 5 Year Old Dribbling Phenom
NBA Gets Top Grade for Hiring Diversity
Dwight Howard, Vitamin Water Outtakes, FUNNY Video
Hell's Trainer -- anyone in SF seen this guy do his thing?
Alonzo Mourning bashes Phil Jackson
Rick Sutcliffe Irks A-Rod and Mark Teixeira With Cheating Talk
Chad ‘Ocho Cinco’ Johnson Gets 3 Face Tattoos (Photos)
Scott Boras tries to defend $50 million signing bonus demand for top MLB draft pick Stephen Strasburg
Cristiano Ronaldo's Manchester United Farewell Video: Hello Real Madrid!
Ronaldo Who? decent article summarizing Ronaldo
Fans supporting Bobby Valentine have gathered 100,000 signatures on a petition seeking to keep the American as manager of the Chiba Lotte Marines beyond the 2009 Japanese baseball season
Morris' Ibanez Story Made All Bloggers Proud | The World According to MoonDog
Ride Snoqualmie
Matt Wieters once stole second, third and the shortstop’s hat on the same pitch.”
First-person account of the woman who stopped a would-be thief by shotputting a 12-pack of Miller Lite at him
5 Shaquille O’Neal Motivational Posters Based on Twitter Messages
Umpire Revolt! Entire Crowd Ejected From Game - TIME
Adrenaline III Tim Sylvia vs Ray Mercer: the only thing worse than the idea was the 10 seconds the fight lasted for
Is a Detroit-Pittsburgh trilogy possible?
From Shaq's twitter: Congratualtions kobe, u deserve it. You played great . Enjoy it my man enjoy it. And I know what yur sayin rt now Shaq how my ass taste 
Tony Romo's Facebook Page
How Trading For Shaq Will Cripple The Cavs For Years To Come
@The_Real_Shaq to Kobe on what Kobe is saying to Shaq
The Hype-nitis Surrounding Manu Ginobili to the Wizards and How It Could Happen
LA and Boston: Championship Cities of the Decade
Paris Hilton Sets Sights On Ronaldo | The World According to MoonDog
New England Patriots Player Profile: Shawn Springs
Shaq Chokes Chuck Lidell, Video
Sports Pictures with Funny Captions
Earl Weaver, Joe McCarthy, and Jim Tracy?
Dumb Idea:  Some Guy Proposes Renaming the Post-Season Hockey Awards
15 Years Ago Today: OJ Chase
New Cowboy$ $tadium Ain’t Cheap
Josh Womack has David Blain-esque bat skills
Joe Mauer and the path to .400 
Anyone know a good site to stream live soccer games so I can watch them at work?
Kobe Bryant Proves He Can Win Championship With Luke Walton On Team | The Onion
Silverstone gets ready for its final F1 race in a season dominated by a Brit.
Sammy So-Busted (pic)
Only 26 MLB players have college degrees
Man U and Tevez talks fall apart. Tevez confirmed to leave.
Jarrett Payton on his dad, Walter: 'He would be so proud'
New England Patriots Player Profile: Fred Taylor
Blogservations 06/20/09, Marlins 2, Yankees 1 | Marlin Maniac | A Florida Marlins Blog
Tom Brady's wife Gisele Bundchen may be pregnant—and apparently that's news
Schumacher revealed as the 'Stig'

Sony Scraps Soderbergh's 'Moneyball.'  Movie was slated to start production today.
Glover Calmly Snatches U.S. Open Victory
Lucas Glover: Your Surprising 2009 US Open Champion
Roger Federer Shows Up On Court With Wii Controller
Barry Sanders Jr. is (surprise) just like his father [VIDEO]
Future British Football Superstars Showcase Their Freestyle Football Skills
The greatest Michael Irvin strip club story ever told.
Rashard Mendenhall Can Destroy Michael Jackson's Thriller on the Dance Floor [Video]
This guy has to be the all time HORSE champion.  Amazing Basketball Shots [VID]
New England Patriots still heavy favorites to win Super Bowl XLIV
Deal reached for unified F1 championship
Mike Miller’s Monkey and Web Reactions
Brendan Haywood Not Sad To See The Poet Go
ESPN takes an interesting poll on U.S. beating Spain in the Confederations Cup...
US shocks world #1 Spain 2-0 to reach Confederation Cup Finals (soccer)
Pittsburgh Pirates Notebook: Jose being Jose
Good Haywood vs. Bad Haywood (and neither are named Brenda)
The Ladies of Poker
Danny Ainge just doesn't like Rajon Rondo
Lebron's New Talent Wetting shots from the locker room and calling them before they drop
What will FOTA’s role be in the new F1 status quo?
Grunting, hot topic this Wimbledon
SA v Brazil Confed Cup: Half time score 0 - 0
Confed Cup: Brazil beats South Africa 1 - 0 with goal in 88th minute.
Brazil beats South Africa with a free kick, 1:0, and will play US on Sunday (I think US has a chance)
Golfer pulls gun on foursome for not playing fast enough. Only in Texas.
Caroline Wozniacki: Wimbledon's Delectable Dane
Atlanta Braves pitcher breaks hand after punching dugout door - then pops bone back into place to continue playing.
Should the rest of the paddock be worried about Manor GP’s ties with the FIA top brass?
Adventure Sports of Himalayas (pic)
An Unexpected Concern with the Detroit Tigers
Jim Brown's my hero, Tiger doesn't have to be
This is a taste of why I fell in love with F1, and politics have nothing to do with it.
Two NHL trades that make little sense
Brazil rallies to beat US in Confed Cup final - World Soccer - Yahoo! Sports
Bob Biscigliano on USA and Soccer
USA vs Brazil (2 - 3) goals video highlights
World's Scariest Lakers Fan
Josh Womack does a few other bat tricks before a Long Beach Armada game [vid]
The movie Rudy is a complete fabrication.
Barry Bonds
Kobe talks about Michael Jackson's influence on him
Pirates trade Morgan/Burnett for Milledge/Hanrahan
Tiger Woods Speaks on Michael Jackson, New Grooves and Tony Romo
Thanks for the mammaries: 1st photo of big-boobed tennis star Simona Halep after breast-reduction surgery
Watch Tommy Haas vs Novak Djokovic Live Streaming! Wimbledon 2009 Men’s Singles Quarterfinals Live!
Heard about the new Wimbledon 2009 iPhone app?  Want to know more, click here now!
Springfield, MA Debuts NDBL Team
Cal Ripken, Jr.  His head seemed to have gotten bigger as well his body.  His stats got better towards the end of his career.  Pretty suspicious....
A drunk Dante Stallworth says the man came out of nowhere
Champ Bailey: AFC West defensive player of the decade
Chris Paul Sings About His Armpits Smelling Nice, And You Know What? Kinda Catchy.
Pirates sign draft pick Gourley
Will Andy Murray defy Monty Python who proclaimed Scotland as the worst tennis playing nation?  Murray on quest to be first British male to win Wimbledon since 1938.
Pirates sign draft pick Chambers
Pittsburgh Pirates Prospect: Wes Freeman
Pittsburgh Pirates Prospect: Starling Marte
Pittsburgh Pirates Prospect: Jonathan Barrios
Wimbledon live streaming Grand Slams day 10 match July 2
Krzysztof Golonka Clyde Freestyle Football
CFL receiver pays tribute to Michael Jackson by posing as a corpse in the end zone
Mets arrive at Pittsburgh hotel to discover Furries convention in progress
The Pacific Northwest is about to make soccer matter to North Americans; Portland-Seattle-Vancouver derby in the works for MLS
West Indies vs India live streaming video 3rd ODI July 3
Upon further review, New York Jets linebacker Calvin Pace made an incredibly stupid mistake
Cavs About To Be A Problem: Shaq Speaks At His Press Conference! My Job Is To Protect The King ...
Tour de Tweet: Follow Lance and the Boys Online
The Man Wall
Best and Worst of Patriotism in Sports (Videos)
Speed eaters gain weight, clog arteries but have few regrets 
Does The Piston's Joe Dumars Have A Master Plan?
Serena Williams beat Venus Williams to win Wimbledon Open Title
NFL players are poor 
Wang hurt
Tennessee Titans quarterback Steve McNair reportedly shot to death
Former NFL Quarterback Steve McNair Shot To Death
Photos: Steve McNair -- Former Ravens/Titans quarterback dead at age 36
STEVE MCNAIR SHOT DEAD -- (Article and/or Comments Section)
As a black quarterback, Steve McNair was a pioneer in the NFL who paved the path for others.
Former Titan's QB Steve McNair Found Murdered in Music City
Steve Mcnair Shot &amp; Killed In Nashville, Ten
Sahel Kazemi Woman Shot Dead with Steve McNair (Photos) 
Roger Federer is 2009 Wimbledon Men's Champion 5-7 7-6 7-6 3-6 14-16

Roger Federer wins 2009 Wimbledon Title, Celebrates 15th Grand Slam Victory 
Freddy Sanchez selected to the All-Star Game
Remembering Steve McNair
Guidelines to Choosing a Martial Art
New England Patriots: Around the Web
White Sox’ ‘Disco Demolition’ Promotion Still Echoes in Baseball Lore - NYTimes.com
Revelations cloud baseball's air of '98
Tribune Co. reportedly reaches agreement with Ricketts family on sale of Chicago Cubs, Wrigley Field - ESPN Chicago
Words to live by
Mayfield not on entry list for Chicago race
LPGA players getting into catfight with commissioner
New England Patriots Player Profile: Leigh Bodden
damn springboks!
The T.O. Show Is Coming Soon [with video]
Armstrong: I have won seven Tours de France - I will have to be counted in.
Indiana Pacers Summer League Roster
Jamaica vs Costa Rica live online video Gold Cup match July 7
El Salvador vs Canada live streaming video Gold Cup match July 7
The Rumour Mill: Huntelaar off to Man Utd?
Don't be so quick to make McNair a hero - FOX Sports on MSN
Ranking Fantasy Football’s First Round
Sharks' Lemieux announces his retirement
MLB All Star Game Tickets! Cheap Tickets, Great Seats!
Ziomal Freestyle Football
If a Superstar Gets Dunked On In the Woods ... 
RIP Michael Jackson Even Influenced Heavyweight Boxing
Unseen LeBron Dunk Causes Internet Explosion (FREE JORDAN CRAWFORD)
Steve McNair's mistress shot him first in the right temple followed quickly with two shots to the chest -- then in the left temple within two inches from his head... Damn.
Benítez joins Birmingham for club record
SI's top high school sports programs: an exercise in money
Dynasty QB Rankings are up | Football Jabber
Israel aim to make history at Davis Cup
Tick Doc, tick Doc, tick...
Steve McNair filmed a suicide prevention PSA weeks before his death in a murder-suicide shooting
Cubs won't cool off Cards bats
LeBron James, and the Tale of the Never Seen Dunk
Mexico vs Panama live online Gold Cup soccer July 9
High school cheerleader steals fundraising cash box from 9-year-old wheelchair-bound girl
Erin Andrews takes ball to chin
Lenny Dykstra files for Chapter 11
Did Sports Illustrated Photoshop out Anna Kournikova's back tattoo?
B-B-B-Boozer? I Take Back What I Said About Not Wanting Him
Erin Andrews Takes One on the Chin
Did Steve McNair also have a mistress in Minnesota?
Free Jordan Crawford (from LeBron James) -- The FaceBook Group
Ten best rounds in the British Open Championship
INSIDE PRIMAL QUEST - Dark Zone
Woods v. Federer; interesting stats, fun article.
Who will triumph in the battle between made in German and born in German?
Pittsburgh Pirates Prospect Watch 7/10/09
Kobe Bryant: Top 10 Plays from 2009
Lance Armstrong still third behind Nocentini, Contador 
Dwyane Wade is selling his house in South Florida, does this mean he's leaving the Heat or is he just playing Chicken with Pat Riley?
Why UFC has seen so much success
Josh Hamilton at 2008 MLB All Star Home Run Derby 
Lebron James Censors A Video Of A College Kid Dunking On Him &amp;amp; Skip Of ESPN Put Him On Blast
Pittsburgh Pirates Prospect Watch 7/11/09
UFC celebrates their 100th fight night with Brock Lesnar vs Frank Mir: two fair decents rounds of MMA (video)
England: Luckiest Escape to Draw The First Test of Ashes 2009 Against Australia
Brock Lesnar | Amped Up UFC Champ Goes WWE On Frank Mir
David Beckham's time with Galaxy was ultimately a scam - Norman Chad - SI.com
Armstrong stays in 3rd place, eyes another Tour
Armstrong Represents Clash of Cultures
Fantasy Football Sleepers
Tiger Woods &amp; Lee Westwood paired at Open Championship, Thursday
Top Ten Premier League goals 08/09
The Chicago Cubs may file for Chapter 11 in order to speed its sale by bankrupt media company Tribune Co
UFC 100 Is Decadent and Deprived
2009 MLB All Star Game TV Start Time, Starting Pitchers, Lineups, Batting Order
Top 10 ways for Chris Berman to die
Chicago Cubs All-Star Break Grades
The Tour de France goes through 5 countries.
All-Star break analysis: St. Louis Cardinals looking like the team to beat in the National League
MLB Home Run Derby is Steroid and HGH Playground
Which Major League Pitchers Would Inge Like to Face in Tonight's Home Run Derby?
BoSox pitching prospect gets shot at shortstop
British boxer Amir Khan would be questioned by police after he collided with a teen cyclist, who had been trying to keep up with the boxing star's luxury car.
Vote For Favorite Indiana Pacemates | Pacers Place
Blue Jackets Announce Pre-Season Games and Cheaper Seats | Stingers on Ice
Chicago Blackhawks reassign GM Dale Tallon, promote Stan Bowman - ESPN
Blue Jackets Sign D Mathieu Roy | Stingers on Ice
The Sun Breaks An Exclusive Story on UFC Champion Brock Lesnar
Contador will fade in Alps — Armstrong won't 
Tony Romo hits the bar sans Jessica 
At UFC 100, Georges St. Pierre solidified himself as pound-for-pound king
The Olympics and sex have always been active bedfellows
Matt Cassel gets 6-year, $63 million deal from Kansas City Chiefs
Serena meets the Obamas
St Gallen vs Liverpool Highlights
Brandon Marshall asked to report early to training camp
Financial difficulties making it hard for athletic departments to balance budget - ESPN
Rafael Nadal announces intention to play Montreal after skipping Wimbledon to recover from knee tendinitis.  He hasn't played since losing to Soderling in the fourth round of the French Open.
Wizards Summer League Game 1 Twitter Recap
Get CORNHOLE on Jimmy Fallon Late Night Show!!! He's played beer pong...why not play some cornhole.
The trade that could have changed the Jays' fortunes
Phil Ivey makes final table of World Series of Poker!  Here are the chipcounts for the November Nine.
John Terry not for sale at any price, say Chelsea
Baseball Player saves American Flag from two people about to burn it...
Brandon Marshall says he will be at training camp
Did President Obama ruin Stan Musial's special All-Star Game moment?
A Great Article About Jays Manager Cito Gaston
2009 SEC Coaches Pre-Season All-SEC Football Team
Boku87 is back on track. This time the young German, Thomas “Boku87” Boekhoff, is taking on a new challenge turning $5 into $100,000 within 1 year 
Cricket | Superb England dominate Australia
Daly makes the cut.  Tiger doesn't.  WTF?????
Tiger Woods Misses Cut At British Open
Tom Watson last won a major 26 years ago today.
Former NFLer, ex-con has frank advice for Vick 
The Bikes of Stages | You can buy Lance's bike for cancer
Andres Galarraga
Tigers place Joel Zumaya on DL
Watson still out front at an amazing British Open - Golf - Yahoo! Sports
Hinault: Contador will win again -- not Armstrong - Cycling - Yahoo! Sports
The Doc Might Be Scamming the Piss Out of You - Doc's Sports That Is
America's White Boy: Jay Bruce - The Next Dunn or Kearns?
Fantasy Baseball 101
Howzat! The best insults in cricket.
Aside from the fact that Mark [Eaton] was 7’4” and 290 lbs, he had no business being a professional athlete.
Summer 2009 NBA Power Rankings
LA Galaxy says it regrets halftime incident...
Tom Watson lost but his golf sponsors won
Michael Vick: 21st Century Pariah
Larry Rothschild Doesn't Think You Should Be Calling His Phone, And He Definitely Isn't Interested In Your Opinion
2009 College Football Preview: The Big 10
Shaquille O'Neal to host next week's WWE Monday Night RAW
 Luke Walton: “Trust Me, (Odom) Will Be A Laker”
Ben Roethlisberger Facing Civil Suit Over Alleged Sex Assault-No Jive!
Lance Armstrong says he's found a new American sponsor to back his team next year.
Terry is impossibleto sell, says Ancelotti
Woman sues Roethlisberger, says he raped her
Win Tickets To A Manchester United Game
Forced to choose between being an NFL backup or a starter in a fledgling league, J.P. Losman has taken playing time.
Your best college/team put-down jokes. Go.
Ben Roethlisberger Accused of Rape

Another Superstar, Another Rape, Another Gold Digger ;  TheChez.net
Erin Andrews Video--An Inside Job? Staged Video?
5 Athletes That Should've Hung 'Em Up For Good
A view from one of Europe's top skateboarding competitions, CPH Pro Copenhagen.
Sweet Nepalese Designs: Arniko Skateboards
NBA Polls
If Watson Had Won...
Eriksson approached by Notts County
Lance Armstrong to form US-based team, eyes 2010.  Lance Armstrong will compete for Team RadioShack as a cyclist, runner and triathlete in events around the world, including the 2010 Tour de France. 
Today, Mark Buehrle pitched the first perfect game in the major leagues in five years 
Mark Buehrle Post-Perfect Game Press Conference Interrupted by Call From President Obama (Video)
Watch The Amazing Catch That Saved The No-Hitter
This Is Not a Story!
Three NFL teams that should consider Michael Vick
The NFL Draft moves to prime time in 2010, NFL gives entire west coast the finger
Roger Federer becomes father of twin girls
Mark Cavendish makes history with ninth stage win -- sets new British record for stage wins in Tour de France, sprinting to his fifth win and ninth overall.
Matt Holliday to the Cardinals for 3 minor leaguers
Five Dunks on Lebron James About Which Nike Should Be Much More Concerned
Whats the best place to go to have a practice mock draft? (NFL of course). I am sure 14 people on here want to do one. So lets do it. 
Spurrier Did Not Vote Tim Tebow All-SEC
Garate wins Tour stage on Mont Ventoux, Contador keeps yellow jersey, Armstrong retains 3rd overall.
Associated Press Introduces Important Yet Presently Obtuse Plan to ‘Protect’ Its Content
F1 driver Massa injures skull in crash - Hospital officials say Massa is in “life-threatening” condition after surgery for a fractured skull
Affliction closes their MMA pay-per-view business, goes back to just selling t-shirts.   Fedor is officially a free agent
Nike giving back James dunk tapes - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
Terrell Owens wants Michael Vick to be reinstated by the NFL immediately, and suggested that any thought of extending the quarterback’s suspension would be similar to “kicking a dead horse.”
Motormouth T.O. says NFL’s handling of Vick unfair - Any further suspension would be kicking a dead horse, he says.  Doesn't he mean kicking a dead dog?
To All US Soccer Fans...
What happens when Boca Juniors (Buenos Aires, Argentina) win the national title? Crowds taking over the city in celebration and closing down the widest street in the whole world! (Video)
Meet Joe Cox - What you won't find on Facebook (and shouldn't find anywhere)
Contador - I will never admire Armstrong
Top 10: Badass pitchers
Albert Contador Comments He Dislikes Lance Armstrong
The Frat Guy Reviews the Weekend
Chinese Soccer Player Attacks Referee
According to research by a professor of computer science and an assistant professor of management information systems, whether a player is elected to the Hall of Fame by veteran baseball writers is an entirely predictable outcome based on a few statistics.
Instant Replay in MMA? 
Stephon Marbury Webcast Crying Video - He's Gone Nuts
Phelps Loses his First Major Individual Race in Four Years
The All Ex-Bulls Team
You Thought Philly Fans Were Rough?
Phillies get Cy Young winner Lee from Indians - MLB - Yahoo! Sports
Tennis wonder serves up aces and screams:  winning style points no problem for this flying fighter
Oklahoma's Bradford asked to autograph a baby
Starbury's Figurative Train Wreck Becomes A Literal Car Crash
Going, going, gone! For fans of defunct major league baseball teams, the future ain’t what it used to be.
Sports-affiliated hotties you wish were on your team 
One more shot for Mason, Ravens - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Fans of the game often speak in hushed tones about Cooperstown, N.Y. In reality, says author Zev Chafets, the village’s hallowed Hall of Fame began as a dubious marketing gimmick.
Plaxico Burress has been indicted on two counts of felony criminal possession of a loaded firearm, both of which carry mandatory minimum terms of 3.5 years.  He also has been indicted on one count of reckless endangerment, which entails a mandatory minimum sentence of one year.
YouTube - Red Sox roadie attempts to eat colossal cheeseburger
Best pool/billiards shot ever - for $50,000
The ten different stadiums throughout South Africa that will host the 64 games of the 2010 FIFA World Cup
Underweight team told to eat at least 15 eggs a day
Reports: Arena Football League will fold soon, declare bankruptcy - ESPN
Pics from the 6 Man Volleyball tournament in 
Manhattan Beach
Gilbert Arenas Gets A Trip To Cleveland For His Birthday: Analyzing The Wizards’ 09-10 Schedule
Spend $800,000 on a luxury box in Cowboys Stadium for the right to purchase cheese pizzas for $90 apiece.
Former Ohio State football star Maurice Clarett has withdrawn a request for early release from prison so he could pursue an NFL career.
Video of Prince Fielder trying to break into Dodger's locker room.
Reddit Dos League - Free Fantasy Football -  ESPN - Keeper League Discussion Topic
The NBA has suspended Orlando Magic forward Rashard Lewis for the first 10 games of the season after he tested positive for a testosterone-producing steroid.
These guys rate a 10 on the highlight reel : Larry Felser : The Buffalo News
Ron Artest donates $45,000 diamond watch to Chinese teenager
Ben Wallace is coming back to Detroit
“Anti-gun nuts trying to ban baseball bats!” and other baseball stories found in the Weekly World News (Google Books archive)
LeBron James unlikely to accept contract extension
Red Sox designate Smoltz for assignment
BoSox cut Smoltz (8.32) — career might be over
A Week’s Worth of Ranting and Raving
Stuart Scott's Peephole Video | Maxim.com
Well, what do you know?  SI.com article MLBPA exonerates Big Papi from steroid use.  Not all players on list tested positive for steroids
UFC 101 Declaration: video of BJ Penn v Kenny Florian shows the UFC at its best
Anderson Silva, BJ Penn score knockouts at UFC 101 (video)
Chicago Blackhawk Patrick Kane charged with robbing Buffalo cab driver 
Rafael Nadal to return to competitive play for first time since June 1 when he lost to Robin Soderling at the French.  Competing in the Rogers Cup in Montreal as number 2 seed.
Beckham 'definitely interested' in owning MLS club
Top 11 signs that this isn't Boston's year
Ohio State linebacker Tyler Moeller likely to miss season with head injury suffered in fight
Philadelphia Phillies to start Pedro Martinez vs. Chicago Cubs, put Jamie Moyer in bullpen
Football vs. handegg
Tyson Gay leads confident US squad into Berlin
Quarterback spikes ball and hurts himself.
12 Baddest Bald Pro Athletes (pics)
Ten years ago, she was America's sweetheart on skates. So how could Nicole Bobek be facing charges as part of an alleged meth distribution ring?
Bowl Projection - College Football - ESPN
Nails never fails (to amuse): Lenny Dystrka's German Shepherd is worth $10,000
Who can we add to the NBA's 50 Greatest List?
Your annual Premier League preview
Mexico 2-1 USA in World Cup Qualifier
Carano lifeblood of women's MMA - UFC - Yahoo! Sports
3 Smart Things About Referees
10 great baseball beanings
Top 10 fantasy football bargains
Bills say they are not in the Vick sweepstakes - GM calls news conference to deny rumors swirling in blogs, tweets, etc.
Top 5 Reasons No One Wants Quentin Richardson
Callaway Golf Loses Jury Verdict at the Federal Circuit
Landon Donovan Tests Positive for H1N1
NCAA looking at Sooner LB - College Football - Rivals.com
It has been 20 years since a lefty played catcher in 
the major leagues.  There are no left-handed 
catchers in the minors today.  Nobody knows why.
Chris Cyborg defeats Gina Carano at 4:59 in Round 1
America's White Boy: Kurt Angle Caught With HGH
Usain Bolt is One with the Speed Force
Y.E. Yang beats tiger to win the PGA Championship
USPGA: South Korea's Yang Young-eun, 37, is the first Asian-born man to claim one of the sport’s four majors. 
Tauren Poole tearing it up at Vols fall camp
Premiership week 1: Chump and Champ of The Week.
Little League World Series: Pure as the driven slush
Favre just won't go away.
Culpepper Not Giving Up on Lions Job
Did Tiger Woods choke?
The Beckham Embarrassment 
Stephen Strasburg: He makes more money than you
From Fab to Fat and Back: Trainer Gains Weight to Better Understand Clients' Needs 
video giochi gratis, Travian il gioco di ruolo e strategia browser games gratuito
Reitstall Jillich - Reitgemeinde St. Martin
Robert Plant becomes Wolves' vice-president

A First for an African American in NFL History
Michael Vick has already solved the QB situation in Philadelphia.
In Another U-Turn, Favre Un-Retires  
Golfer Rory McIlroy's girlfriend is a looker
Strikeforce salaries top $460K
Brett Favre Returns
The IAAF governing body is investigating claims 18 year old South African athlete Caster Semenya due to concerns about whether she is a man or a woman
Hibbert To Be Offensive Force in 2009-10? | Pacers Place
2009 US Open Official Site - TV Schedule
ESPN and CBS are carrying it.  As well as something called the Tennis Channel.
IAAF isn't sure South African runner is female - Governing track body wants gender test performed on 800 runner Semenya.
Charity dinner with a bunch of sports legends! The 
best that ever played.
Championship Manager 2010 vs Football Manager 2010
10 Offensive Sports Jerseys &amp; Inappropriate Places to Wear Them
5 Famous Fights Between Teammates 
Interesting nicknames in sports
Brock Lesnar To Fight in November at UFC 106
Usain Bolt sets world record in 200 meters at world championships - More Sports - SI.com
A co-worker told me about this and I had to see it for myself: Fantasy Football Insurance
Phillies repeat?
Don't know what to do with your Favre jersey Packer fans?
Bolt's 40-yard dash time in a race in which he ran the fastest 100 meters ever was about 4.28.

Think about that the next time you hear about some 17-year cornerback who supposedly runs a 4.31 40.
The idiocy of sex testing: Caster Semenya and the International Olympic Committee's sordid history of racism and sexism.
Trek has a new budget bike.
Inquiry About Sprinter Angers South Africans - NYTimes.com
Looks like Stephen Colbert knew Brett Favre was gonna play all along...
Vick's plan to pay back $20 million is OK'd - QB to appear in bankruptcy court, then fly to Philly for preseason debut.
Michael Vick debuts tonight against Jacksonville
Clowns to the Left of Me, Jokers to the Right
Florida International threatens to pull out of Coaches vs. Cancer Classic
Blackburn Rovers player Vince Grella held at knifepoint during a raid on his luxury home.
I knew there was a way to make Soccer more interesting! Check out the Falcon Kick at about 28s. (VIDEO)
Photographic proof that Mets fans are in hell.
 Buckeyes' Boren ready for his second shot - Michigan transfer Justin Boren has found a home at Ohio State.
Judge: NCAA must surrender records in FSU scandal - College Football - Rivals.com
Ford Ironman Louisville 2009
Adam 'Pacman' Jones has agreed to join the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the CFL. 
WhatifSports.com: 2009 college football season simulation
A-Rod gives anti-steroid talk to students
Favre, Vick Jerseys Headline Sales List
Ask SportsReddit:  Other than Baseball, can you think of any sports where there is not a standard field shape/size?
NFL commissioner Roger Goodell has announced that Michael Vick will now be eligible to play in the third week of the regular season.
10 Greatest Football Players of All Times[Pics]
Michigan vs Appalachian State 2007
Are Sooners at complete loss without Bradford?
Is Kim back?  Kim Clijsters, who took 2 years off the tour to have a baby, just beat number 3 seed, Venus Williams, in three sets.
Phil Sheridan is Drinking the Sal Pal Kool-Aid
NFL Players Mentor Troubled Detroit Lions | The Onion
Novak Djokovic imitates and play against John McEnroe at 2009 Us Open
Andy Murray goes down.  First big upset in the men's draw at the US Open.  Goes out tamely to Marin Cilic in straight sets.
Ron Artest and Auburn Hills beer thrower 'kiss and make up'
'Canes are all aboard Mister Harris' wild ride - Dr. Saturday - NCAAF - Yahoo! Sports
Foul ball etiquette
New BTN sideline reporter, Larra Beth Overton 
Reasons Why Merriman Choked Out Tila Tequila
Family stories revealed, Oudin learns the price of fame - USATODAY.com
Philly group to donate dog food every time Vick is tackled.  Hear that opposing teams? KNOCK THE STUFFING OUT OF HIM FOR THE GREATER GOOD!
It's official: That mannish looking chick that won the world champs in the 800? She's a hermaphrodite.
100 predictions for the 2009 NFL season
After getting his match interrupted by rain, Nadal makes the semifinals of the US Open for the 2nd time when Fernando Gonzalez's game totally implodes, losing quickly in the 3rd set tiebreak and 6-0 in the third set
Kim Clijsters wins the US Open!  First slam played since she left the game two years ago.  Climbs up stands to reach husband and daughter
Why Notre Dame needs Phil Fulmer- alternately, why Phil Fulmer doesn't suck as much as we think he does. 
Federer says shit while talking to the umpire during a changeover in his match. 
Did Renault order Nelson Piquet, Jr. to deliberately crash and cause a yellow flag at last year's Singapore GP? Full transcript of Engineering Director Pat Symonds' meeting with stewards
This was only the second game in EuroBasket 
history where a team failed to score in overtime. 
The first was 56 years ago, and as a result of that 
specific game FIBA implemented the shot clock and 
the game was changed forever.
Exercise better than shockwave treatment for chronic shoulder pain
Fantasy Sleepers for NFL Week 2
Uganda cricket players go missing in Canada
MLB congratulating itself on 15 years of wild card, but it rewards mediocrity;  this writer calls the '93 battle between SF and Atlanta, when the Bonds-led Giants got sent home with 103 wins, The Last Real Race. 
The NBA's 10 Most Passionate Players
What's the greatest sports day of the year?
Putting together UK’s 2010 class: it’s more than just scouting and selling
Retired 64-year-old woman shoots 2 holes-in-one
Mark Martin - 2009  - Amazing older athletes - Photos - SI.com
Cleveland Browns player fined $1701 by team for not paying for $3 bottle of water at hotel
ESPM
Floyd Mayweather Jr. Talks Trash About MMA.  Apparently since there are no good white fighters in boxing, fans are turning to UFC.
Man Utd 4 Vs 3 Manchester City ; Owen scores in the last few seconds remaining in the match
Vitor Belfort knocks out Rich Franklin at UFC 103 (video)
NFL Flamboyant Player upset about NFL's ban on social networks
Colts-Dolphins MNF Preview: Analysis - Prediction - Point Spread Pick - Podcast
Cowboys loose stadium opener!
The Jets can talk all they want, but not to Michael Crabtree - Shutdown Corner - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Young Phillies fan rejects dad's foul ball gift
Dallas just found out they had a T.R. problem not a T.O problem !!
Washington Redskins Linebacker Robert Henson finds new way to make fans hate the team. Via Twitter.
Move over, Tom Coughlin -- ex-Giant Plaxico Burress has a new coach to get him in shape for prison.
The 10 best nicknames in MMA
Two photographers sued New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady(notes) and supermodel Gisele Bundchen for $1 million Tuesday, saying they were shot at during a post-wedding party in Costa Rica.
Grimm, Haley deserve HOF entry - NFL 
Adding two more playoff spots would spice up baseball's final month
YouTube - Rampage trying to buy a jockstrap
$10,000 Freedom Grill will make other tailgaters weep
Bobby Cox will retire as manager of the Atlanta Braves after the 2010 season
Obvious handball ignites soccer brawl.
Michael Crabtree holds out for a better NFL contract, and the questions fly - ESPN
I understand why the Lions game will be blacked out in Detroit, but why air the Vikings/49ers game?  Isn't that just adding insult to injury?
South Carolina upsets #4 Ole Miss 16-10.  Here's a picture of Ric Flair cheering on the Gamecocks.
Canadian Hero Wayne Gretzky resigns as Phoenix  Coyotes coach as team missed the playoffs in all four seasons
Best (and worst) of the playoff rotations
Lebron James To The Nets? His Case is Getting Stronger! 
What's your NASCAR nickname?
It turns out that Michael Jordan is a dick
World Boxing Association title-holder Russian Nikolai Valuev, left, and British heavyweight boxer David Haye posed at a news conference in Nuremberg, Germany, Tuesday. [PIC]
Roy Jones, Jr. plans rematch with Bernard Hopkins 16 years after their first fight.
Cut Matt Forte some slack
Welcome to the Browns locker room! 
Protesting for one of the most important causes of the Pittsburgh G-20
Post Purdue: Where does Notre Dame go from here? | The Fighting Irish | IrishCentral
NBA to unveil official social media policy
Here's the new AP poll.  What do you think, reddit college football fans?
Junior Seau gets run over by a bull (video)
M's announcer pregame predicts exact AB, count and location of homerun
Would Getting the Olympics Be Good or Bad For Chicago?
Pondexter gives Mercury 1-0 lead in WNBA finals
Should the Browns abolish the quarterback position?
Big East vs Big 12 in 2010 bowl at Yankee Stadium - College Football - Rivals.com
The bankruptcy judge has issued his ruling. The Phoenix Coyotes franchise has been awarded to...nobody.
VintageTube: Michael Jordan baseball highlights 
Mets to LOWER season ticket prices by avg of 10%; but with new stadium halo gone and a team that still sucks, ticket sales will still crater.
Rockies clinch playoff spot.  A sweep of LA would give them the NL West.
The Yankee Bowl, really?  Yankee Stadium bowl game to officially kick off in 2010 with two CRAPPY teams.
2016 Olympics bidding city winner results - competition between Rio De Janeiro and Madrid; Tokyo and Chicago are out of the race - see the results
Rio to stage 2016 Olympic Games
The St. Louis Blues and Detroit Red Wings have their season opener today in Sweden! Thank god hockey season is here again!
Steve Young's Great Escape
Video: Chris Paul's off-the-ceiling trick shot - Ball Don't Lie - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
Bad 1st Half performance leads United into a shattering 2nd half.. Excellent equaliser goal by Berbatov but brilliant goals by Andy Reid and Darren Brent.. Can United pull out a win in the last 10 minutes?
ICC Champions Trophy Australia vs New Zealand Final
Twins, Tigers set for 1-game playoff in AL Central - MLB - Yahoo! Sports
Sir Alex Ferguson To Face Sanction Over Sunderland Ref Rant
It may be time to pull the plug on the Bobby Bowden era.
At Auburn, Chizik an acquired taste 
Probably one of the reasons why the Tigers blew the Central
Joe Mauer was Gatorade HS National Player of the Year.  In football.
Broncos fans, are you still upset with the Cutler/Orton trade?
ESPN scores with 30 for 30 documentary series
Lawyer predicts that Erin Andrews peephole perp will get no jailtime, but will instead be the star witness in the civil suit against the hotel.
Nobody understood this in the rage subreddit, but I'm sure many of you will:  The Hall of fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu
Alabama Crimson Tide vs Tennessee Volunteers Tickets
Juwan Howard sings with Blazers for hot meal, free uniform
Pittsburgh named #1 sports city by Sporting News magazine (with 399 cities ranked)
In the past 9 years the Yankees have laid out more money for players than the GNP of Liberia. Oh, and this think they should win this year. 
Best recent college football upsets.
Guy collapsing near the finish at the San Jose half Marathon 2009
Philadelphia Phillies fans chase obnoxious guy from stadium
Pats recruiting a familiar vet back to their defense
The Softer Side of UFC Champion Brock Lesnar
Go Hawks!
Poor Lee Corso
Where can I watch the US Honduras CONFAC qualifying game online?
Where are the loopholes? 1 month later and I'm still waiting for Chad Ochocinco's big Twitter takeover. So far, he hasn't done anything about the NFL's new Twitter policy.
 Hanson: My life was threatened by Cable.   Why are the Raiders hanging on to this coach, who seems to have little chance of remaining for the long term? 
Hiroshima, Nagasaki to jointly pitch for 2020
Late score lifts Bengals over Ravens 17-14 
Steelers beat Lions 28-20 for 2nd straight win 
Manning shines as Giants beat Raiders 44-7
Bengals win one for Mike Zimmer, Cincy's defensive coordinator whose wife suddenly passed away 3 days earlier
Cubs file for Chapter 11, team’s sale progressing
Football, dog fighting, and brain damage : Malcolm Gladwell
The Top 10 Teams With the Most Annoying Fans 
Thurman Thomas statue missing, day after unveiling - 1,000 pound tribute was located in parking lot across from Bills stadium.
Phillies beat Rockies 5-4, win NLDS
Lisa Guerrero plays out own Erin Andrews hotel stalking scenario
Pontiac Silverdome to be auctioned off - If the high bid is only $1, well, then that's it.
Jeter Upstages A-Rod Grand Slam with 5-Run Home Run
Rex Ryan recently revealed to newyorkjets.com that he's had to deal with dyslexia, a learning disability that makes it difficult for people to acquire and process language. That has left Ryan with difficulty reading, spelling and writing.
Fantasy Football Week 6 Start Em, Sit Em
Meet Claudia Gadelha, Brazil's version of Gina Carano
White Silence: Where Does Brett Favre Stand on Rush Limbaugh? 
Illinois HS football team beats opponent for the first time in 90 years
MLB and FOX: A Marriage Made in Hell
Homer-happy Phils beat Dodgers 8-6 in NLCS opener - MLB - Yahoo! Sports
Austin Scott Former Penn State Tailback Sues School
Does this mean the NBA is going to allow superstars to take 4-5 steps before a travel is called? 
Football’s wounded gladiators ... Players have more to lose than a game
McCain presses Obama to give posthumous presidential pardon to boxer Jack Johnson
Power-Ranking the Big East football teams by cheerleaders
Dodgers Rally in the 8th to even series with Phillies 1-1
The Florida Gator's Men's Basketball 2009/10 Media Day transcript
The Official NBA Video Rule Book: Impressively wide array of text/slow-mo video explanations. (Now I'll have things to say to those idiots who yell at the TV on every whistle..)
The reason players go on streaks - good and bad.  Missed Field Goals Make the Brain See Smaller Posts; Successful Kicks Make the Posts Larger.
No. 1 Florida escapes with 23-20 win vs. Arkansas
Suck it in ladies!!!
Adult Swim Video- Carl picked the Ravens over the Viqueens
Phillies slaughter Dodgers 11-0 to lead the series 2-1
Americans, is this just one big coincidence?
Update on the AR vs. Florida controversy...just like everyone thought.
Brent Favre - loud, rough, and often hateful.
Chuck Klosterman on why football is so much more than just another sport.
Hulk Hogan almost committed suicide, if not for a phone call from Laila Ali
Reddit, what are your college football bowl predictions?
Long Live the Whale, Whalers Jerseys Are Back
SEC suspends Florida-Arkansas officiating crew for terrible late game calls
Jonathan Toews gets DESTROYED by an open-ice hit from Willie Mitchell
George W. Bush.  I would dunk on [him], break the rim and shatter the glass.
The Iowa Hawkeyes have won National Championships(2) and had undefeated seasons, but they have never been 8-0. A feat they WILL accomplish Saturday
No charges filed against Raiders coach Tom Cable for breaking an assistant coach's jaw
Another reason to pull Tim McCarver from broadcasts:  He's so old he had a stadium named after him.  It stood for 37 years before being demolished in 2005.
Bill Simmons: The Book of Basketball w/Isiah Thomas
Dodgers CEO is fired due to her impending divorce from team owner.
Hockey Video: Shot from 190 feet away turns into a goal. 
Another Scary Moment in the NHL last night
Michelle Obama: Barack beats her.... at tennis.
espn dumps steve phillips
Tony La Russa is expected to return as Cardinals manager in 2010 - and is expected to announce new hitting coach Mark McGwire Monday afternoon
McGwire to be named Cardinals' hitting coach
First NBA.com Power Rankings of the year.  Unsurprisingly, the Laker are at #1, but the Celtics at #5?
hey /r/sports, like hockey? Come on by /r/hockey. 
Sir Alex Ferguson gives Rio Ferdinand two choices - Either perform well or get ready to be excluded from the senior squad.. Now this is a much more decent approach rather than firing up cockily at the decent referee! Well done Fergie!!
Setting Phillies fan on fire the new way to celebrate
Huge airborne hit in Clemson/Miami game.  VID
Andre Agassi admits to using crystal meth during playing days 
Watch New York Yankees vs Philadelphia Phillies Live Stream Video And Highlights On Pc|MLB World Series Game 1
Worst football miss ever! (Ilija Sivonjic) 
Semi-pro football player attacks referee, smashes his face in with helmet
I've been predicting that the Yanks and Phils will demolish the record for Most Home Runs in a World Series...but I can't find the current record!
Lakers 99, Clippers 92: Enormous jewelry with a side of victory
I'm sitting here, watching the World Series and I've already unplugged my center channel speaker.  I'm thinking that Tim McCarver is hitting rock bottom before my ears.  I was wrong.  Be sure to listen to the samples.
Houston Rockets take ferry to Warriors game
20 of the most gruesome sports injuries [pics]
15 Greatest Pro Athlete Candy Bars
Lady was just kidding about sex for World Series tickets
Pee Wee hockey player miked up...a bit of a cocky little bugger [vid] 
A 5 year old Romanian has entered the Guinness Book for being the strongest kid in the world
Brandon Spikes is a real winner
Joe Flacco's pirouette fails to avoid sack (VIDEO)
World Series Predictions: Game 5
Florida's punishment of Spikes doesn't fit crime
David Beckham now hates his life
Phillies hang on to win 8-6 and bring series to 3-2
Donaghy's Warning Signs | The Onion 
Snyder avoids responsibility, blames Redskins team for letting the city down. Washingtonians know the truth. 
End of a great career? | Edgerrin James released by the Seahawks and replaced by Devin Moore from practice squad
I think most of us can agree...
Building a football stadium during an economic crisis to house a team that doesn't exist is bonkers. Selling it as a cure for the crisis is even worse.
NBA POWER RANKINGS - WEEK 1
Coincidence? New rims, more scoring in NBA
Cheering for the Yankees is like cheering for the United States to continue its occupation of Iraq and Afghanistan
Florida increases Spikes suspension to full game - College Football - Rivals.com
Hideki Matsui Has A 55,000 Porno Tape Collection?
Watch the Yankees victory parade live!
A look at how the New York Times' frontpage has celebrated the Yanks' titles over the last 85 years
NFL Formal Gowns? Yes, Actually!
Go Hawks!
Ex-NFL star Lawrence Taylor arrested for leaving the scene of an accident and property damage after a Florida accident
Bama-LSU: Yep. That’s a clean interception. [pics]
Bill Burr Talks About Yankees World Series Win on O&amp;A
Students say Michigan AD shoved them at stadium - College Football - Rivals.com
A round of applause for Michigan AD Bill Martin
Chiefs release Larry Johnson (75 yards away from breaking Priest Holmes' team rushing record)
As a Dodger fan, let me be on record as saying, F*CK NO!!!! 
Basketball great Abdul-Jabbar has cancer
Do plunging ticket sales and a new willingness by the players' union to take a stand portend labor unrest for the NFL?
Video: Refs Overturn Brad Miller’s Buzzer Beater to Beat Nuggets, Wrong Call.
What's More Important, America: College Football or College Education? 
The F1 car in which Michael Schumacher won his first Formula One Driver’s Championship is up for sale on ebay.
NFL Does Not Want a Little Captain in It
Until now I never thought football could be sexy.
@ 3oclock central time, you can find out where this beast of an athlete is going to play basketball. (Harrison Barnes) 
However, he is perhaps best remembered for the claim that he threw a no-hitter in 1970 while under the influence of LSD.
Abdul-Jabbar has rare form of leukemia - NBA- nbcsports.msnbc.com
I go to UT Knoxville. I really want FL to have a perfect season because I feel like Tebow deserves. Anyone else turn traitor like me?
Pittsburgh-Philadelphia Steagles 
USC is No. 22, dropping 11 spots after losing 55-21 to the Cardinal. The Trojans had not been ranked lower than 13th since 2002, Pete Carroll's second season as coach.
Pacquiao-Mayweather: It's time to deal 
Down goes Neckbeard.  Redskins beat Broncos.  
Johnson scores 2 TDs, Titans beat Bills 41-17
Robert Enke funeral: Thousands of fans pay their last respects to suicide goalkeeper at heartbreaking memorial 
 
Colts take advantage of Pats' gamble for 35-34 win 
Manny Pacquiao fights a giant crab
Going For It: SI's Joe Posnanski defends Belichek's decision
Am I the only one who thinks that Kevin Faulk had a first down on the 4&amp;2 even after he bobbled the catch?
Cal State Fullerton upsets UCLA 68-65 in double overtime!  This is UCLA's first non-ranked, non-conference home loss in five years! (college basketball)
Kansas City Royals' Zack Greinke wins American League Cy Young Award in a landslide. At least the Royals can have something to brag about...
A sports fan's guide to drug testing [chart]
Video: Rugby fan wins £250,000 Wembley kicking contest in his socks
It was blatant. It's absolutely criminal. It's about as nasty as it gets. Ravens employ hyperbole at Quinn's injury-inducing hit.
Outside the Lines: Field of Schemes?
Russia didn't make it to world cup. The team that we all enjoyed in Euro 08 lost to Slovenia
Jets' Rex on crying: 'I'm man enough to be me'
An amateur rugby player has struck it lucky by winning a crossbar challenge competition worth £250,000 [vid]
Supreme Court Fumbles Native American Mascot Challenge
As Henry Shows, Soccer Players Can't Be Trusted
I Smell Roses - Duck fans make rap video that will surely jinx the Duck's chances at the Rose Bowl.
Ducks fans fight over hockey stick (VIDEO)
Hockey Player Rewards Fans For Loyalty By Giving Away Stick. Fans Respond By Getting Into A Brawl Over Who Deserves It. [video]
No look, behind the back TD pass!  This should not happen at all
New Mexico's Elizabeth Lambert vs BYU - Worth seeing if you have only heard about it
Los Angeles Clippers broadcast team suspended for pronouncing Iran Eye-ran instead of EE-ran
Screw you NFL/FOX - I live in central Illinois and instead of showing any of the 5 different games on at noon we get to watch 'Daddy Day Care'
Brees, Saints improve to 10-0 with easy victory over Bucs 
Defense comes up with big plays, helps Colts remain unbeaten 
Favre nearly perfect in Vikings' 35-9 romp 
Insane Hand-Eye While Falling Down by NHLer Stamkos
Real Salt Lake beats Los Angeles Galaxy 1-1 on penalty kicks in the MLS Cup 2009
UFL invites fans to vote for Player, Coach &amp; Fan Favorite Play of the Year 
The Top Plays From Week 11... And There Were Some Incredible Plays [video]
Five Awesome Over the Backboard Shots
ESPN: Packers' Harris, Kampman out for '09 Also: Favre has yet another 800yard, 14TD 0INT day. Hey Pack: Where's your God now??
Bengals' Uniforms No Longer Look Stupid Now That Team Is Good
Hilarious observations from this week in the NFL
Are the Redskins Losing Washington? (This fan's answer: Snyder is doing his best, but not yet)
Danica Patrick dropped out of high school.  She makes more in IT (for godaddy) than most the world.
Swarbrick: Weis will return with team to S. Bend
Fire Lickliter. Seriously. 
A proposal for NFL overtime.
Brady Quinn is dating Olympic gymnast Alicia Sacramone
He's a one-hit wonder: Autistic football player, fans relish single-play appearances
‘Strikeforce: Evolution’ Keeps the Fedor Buzz Rolling 
Sherry Ross Pioneers NHL Play-by-Play Broadcasting for Women
Tide over Auburn
The Department of Lucrative Athletics
PETA implores UGA to use robot bulldog for next mascot
The world's first backflip with a Harley Davidson 
Colts are first team to clinch playoff berth
NFL.com fail: Brett who? Jay who?
Urijah Faber Shouldn't Sleep on Assuncao
Jamaican to train for Iditarod
Tim Tebow Makes it Cool to Love Jesus
Looking for Reasons to Care About Tiger Woods - I'm so proud of you for saying this, Time.com!
For her U.S. Open tirade, Serena Williams has been fined a record $82,500, placed on two-year probation!
76ers meet with Iverson
Tiger Woods Deserves Your Scrutiny. Woods
has every right to keep his personal problems personal. But when he makes
deals that benefit dictatorships and unaccountable corporations, all in the
name of his billion-dollar brand, he deserves no privacy.
The Philadelphia 76ers have offered Allen Iverson a one-year contract worth $1.4million.
Top 10 Teeth in Sports
Artest I used to drink Hennessy ... at halftime
How to Prevent Stress Fractures
A Graphological Inquiry Into The Personality Of Tiger Woods
Alleged mistress keeps quiet, so does Tiger - Bloom said that can only mean a confidential settlement was struck, which she estimated at being worth “at least a million dollars.”

“I know exactly how she operates,” Bloom said.
Tennis star Andy Murray dumped by GF for playing too much PS3
I wanna watch the Sixers game on Monday. Anyone got any tips on NBA live streams? Something other than Soapcast would be better.
Christ Turns Down 3-Year, Multimillion Dollar Deal To Coach Notre Dame
fifa and adidas introduce new ball for world cup
David Stern believes women could be playing in NBA within decade 
 - SI.com
Incredible play from the Saints game today
Suisham can't hang himself though, because he can't kick the chair.
Philly sports fan with a question for the rest of the community.
Christ Turns Down 3-Year, Multimillion Dollar Deal To Coach Notre Dame.
In the prime time battle of the old time players, Kurt Warner steady pimps it
Personal Foul - 60 Minutes - Donaghy on the NBA
&lt;Just for who loves challenging sport&gt;Skateboard main technique is ollie, so if you want to play skateboard, you must know about this technique
Of the bottom rated 10 BCS Bowl Games ever, all 4 of the non-BCS teams' games are on the list.  
Sailing: match racing, a great future ahead!
Eddie Gaedel - the only dwarf to play in a Major League Baseball game.
Top 10 Strange College Nicknames
Granderson goes to Yankees in three-team deal 
Source: Louisville board to be asked to approve Charlie Strong as coach - ESPN
Pittsburgh Steelers' Troy Polamalu unsure he'll return this year - ESPN
Video of The Real Adrian Peterson, RB from GSU, with the best RB stats in all of college football history.
House subcommittee OKs college football playoff bill
Allowing Past Truths to Sink Ships - How the next Notre Dame Football Coach Can Succeed
Its going to take a major school with an UNDEFEATED season and a shot at a National Championship to pull OUT of the BCS to start the movement to a College FB playoff. This is why it will never happen. 
Here's the truth behind the Tiger Woods scandal - Apparently it's about race.  I thought it was about Tiger collecting more trophies.
Now that Tiger is no longer affiliated Gatorade.  Try Dallas Cowboy Jason Witten's Pickle Juice.
Brady back at practice for Patriots
Romo wants redemption
Wisconsin AD Barry Alvarez says Big Ten will amplify call for a 12th team 
Kiffin: Probe a result of Tennessee's strong recruiting - NCAA Football - CBSSports.com
Serena accuses ITF officials of biased treatment
 We'll start signing Negroes when the Harlem Globetrotters start signing whites. 
UFC 2010 Undisputed: First Look
The Heisman Trophy, what it means and where are they now?
14 Great TV Screenshots From Sports
Request: DeSean Jackson Jackson, begging to get into   the interview, then thanking God and going on a religious rant, then. . . the flop. 
According to a Florida State and NCAA investigation, members of the university's athletic academic support unit in some cases supplied answers to tests, and in other cases typed papers, for 61 athletes in football and other sports [vid]
Accenture ends Tiger Woods sponsorship deal
MARY MITCHELL Sun-Times Columnist: Even those black women who cut Woods some slack for marrying Nordegren were shocked that every woman that has jiggled out of the closet in this sex scandal has been white. OMFG
Is anybody watching ESPN? When it's not baseball season they must have nothing to talk about.
Bowl gifts given to NCAA bowl players just for showing up.
The Tiger Woods case; sponsor actions understandable
Ron Artest Writes Open Letter To Tiger Woods
Chris Henry’s Comeback Story - The Fifth Down Blog - NYTimes.com
911 Calls from Chris Henry Accident Scene
The 100 Best Sports Photographs of 2009 from Boston.com
Kobe's 10 Best Buzzer Beaters (VIDEOS)
Tiger's Latest Mistress: A Doping Scandal - Tiger Woods - Deadspin
NFL's Douchebag of the Week: NFL Commissioner, Roger Goodell
In terms of television, Week 15 is already a disappointment 
Cesar Cielo shows you how to celebrate a world record. -How does he get out of the water so fast?
Bill Simmons and Malcolm Gladwell III
NHL team's equipment van catches fire in arena parking lot...a significant amount of the equipment inside was destroyed
Villanova Wildcats Win D1 National Championship Playoffs.
Onward Christian Athletes: Book Explores Evangelical Monopoly In Sports
Who did the announcing on tonight's NFL  game?  It was pretty horrendous.
Chargers make a 52 yard field goal to lock up their 17th straight December Win! 
JaMarcus Russel FTW!!!
Anybody going to a bowl game?
 College Football - Are there too many bowl games?
Hitler Hates the cubs
Finally!  The Browns have someone who knows what pro football is.
Probably the worst MNF game I've seen in years.... I knew Zorn was going to suck when in his debut, where he failed to manage the clock adequately. Thanks for proving me right.
Tiger Woods wins PGA award despite personal woes - CNN.com
No. 3 Kentucky reaches 2000 wins
An Open Letter to Brett Favre: Remain a mystery. You don't see Tom Brady and Peyton Manning spilling their hearts to every reporter with an empty notebook.
SI's Top 25 Sports Franchises for the Decade; LA Lakers #1
Schumacher signs up for F1 return
2000s: The Decade in Sports (Sports Illustrated)
Video: Disney Aladdin Stage Production Uses Tiger Woods Joke
Michael Vick wins the Ed Block Courage award... wait, what???  
If There Is Any Good In This World, Vinny Del Negro Will Be Fired By the Time I Wake Up
On Vick winning the Courage Award: He has...demonstrated the courage to accept a million dollars from the Eagles in an effort to rehab his image and resurrect his very lucrative career.
CBCSports athlete of the year is...
The George Michael Sports Machine Stops Bellowing
Wes Welker Jacked up by Ryan Clark of the Steelers (11-30-08)
Wizards say Arenas had firearms in locker - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
Presenting the 2009 McChumpies: The best and worst of the year in sports
New York Yankees acquire Javier Vazquez from Atlanta Braves for Melky Cabrera, Mike Dunn - ESPN
 Move over Tiger: N. Korea's Kim shot 38 under par his 1st time out
Passion 12, Breeze 6
Sports Reddit: What do you think of the NFL Network RedZone Channel?
Urban Meyer explains his reasons for stepping down in an NYT phone interview
University of Ohio losing money by playing in Pizza Bowl
AP source: Florida's Meyer could return as coach!?
Colts pull their starters during the 3rd and wind up earning their first loss of the season to the Jets. Final score 29 -15.
Colts pull Manning, lose to Jets
Why in god's name would you make the bengals jets game at 8?
 Top 10 Goalie Masks of the Decade
To anyone who thinks the colts have had an easy schedule:  They have 6 games on their schedule against teams that have been eliminated from the playoffs as of right now.
See it for yourself. The closet Texas Tech's Adam James was locked in (video)
Philly fans hit 9er fans with snowballs for over a minute straight from every direction 
If you missed tonight's Canada vs. USA match-up at the World Junior Hockey Championships, you missed one of the greatest hockey games ever played
Hey /r/Sports, I'm a Jayhawks fan, I want to know what you think of the Jayhawks basketball team? Let's talk college basketball!
Texas Tech football athletic trainer contradicts Adam James' story   
Holy smokes. FSU beats WV in Bobby Bowden's last game ever.  33-21 in the Gator Bowl. 
Potential Spoilers For Hulk Hogan and TNA Wrestling's Head-to-Head Battle with WWE and Vince McMahon

NFL to ask competition committee to look again at teams benching starters at end of season
Georges St-Pierre says he is still mulling over his dream to wrestle at the Olympic Games, even if it means giving up his UFC title and temporarily walking away from the sport. 
I am a Giants fan.  I've bet on them the past two weeks.  I hate the Giants.
Is the Rooney Rule taken seriously?
Buffalo Bills release all coaches
Video: Florida Gators Win Game With 60 Foot Buzzer Beater
Chris Henry's Fiancee Speaks About the Moments Leading up to His Death
ESPN soon to be broadcasting in 3D!
Cardinal Ratzingers home town club, Bavaria Munich, is currently enjoying a training camp stay in Dubai. Being there, Mario Gomez develops new ideas on how to crack other teams in GERMANYS SOCCER LEAGUE
Is Charlie Weis going to be Kansas City's Offensive Coordinator? 
Terrell Owens Backing-out of Bentley Bet?
Cardinals announce new pitching coach
Eric Mangini has now won five straight
WTF? Is Lee Corso having a stroke on camera?
Vanilla Vince!!!!!!!!!!!!
To all Texas fans claiming the Longhorns would've won hadn't Colt McCoy left the game: He left because Alabama's defense took him out!
Togo football team's bus hit by machine-gun fire
Seahawks fire Jim Mora after one season, source says
USC Trojans' Joe McKnight leaving early for draft
Boise State may get a shot at BCS glory next season
What's with the abundance of fat white coaches in the NFL?
Old School Hockey: The game had to be suspended because neither team had enough players to continue.
Who knew Howie Long was a Guinness world record holder?
NFL First Down Marker Holder Dreams of Job At Target
Mark McGwire: I wish I had never touched steroids.
Does anyone hate watching a sports game and the announcers come on with a totally random stat?
Lane Kiffin Quits After Only One Year to Take the USC Job.
Turns out Boozer is worth something to the Jazz. Interesting..especially after demanding a trade
Dirk hits 20,000 points. First European to do so.
Samuel Dalembert's head is in the game, but his heart is in Haiti
Mets could be suing Carlos Beltran for unauthorized knee surgery that will keep him out the next 12 weeks
AP releases NFL All-Pro team roster
The Dirtiest Player: Marvin Harrison
Deuce is back! (Hopefully)
Somewhere Over Dwayne Bowe: New Rules and Divisional Picks
Tim Tebow Super Bowl commercial likely to have Anti-Abortion message.
Bears DE Adams dead at 26
I am really surprised at the officiating this week. Such horrible calls all around, cardinals game, jets-chargers game, And I'm a bears fan!
Coaches in the NFL have no idea how to use the clock.
Thierry Henry escapes Fifa ban over handball
Iowa Wrestlers Continue to be Bad as Fuck
Australian Open Ballboy Wets His Pants
Promoter wants to start all-white basketball league - Meet Don Moose Lewis, the commissioner of the AABA who incredibly, somehow did not acquire the nickname Bubba or Skeeter. He said that the reasoning behind the league's roster restrictions is not racism.
Lane Kiffin Quits; Pre-Presser Drama! This is what went on in the conference room just before Lane Kiffin attempts to explain his sudden departure from Tennessee to the media.   
Canada is set to win a record number of medals at the 2010 Winter Games, according to an academic who has accurately predicted Olympic medal counts since 2000.
Ideas for Sean Payton's Next Motivational Giveaway
The All-White Basketball League Draft
MLB: Ankiel, former pitching phenom, turned former hitting phenom, signs with K.C. Royals
Top 10 Athletes That Wore Glasses
 Prince Records 'Purple And Gold,' Fight Song For Minnesota Vikings... It's... uhh... 
Farve on the ground. Farve on the ground. Looking like fool with Farve on the ground. 
The Jets’ Field-Goal Block Unit Believes It Can Influence Any Kick 
Shaun White double mctwist 12 - Freaking awesome (and just in time for the Olympics)
NFL overtime rules: Fair or unfair?
10 worst Super Bowl ads of all time.
Favre: 2010 season return 'highly unlikely'
Vikings would not have even been in the NFC Champ game without Favre, so STFU
Favre discussing last play of regulation in post-game interview: I am not even sure what the exact yardage was that we needed
8R Videos 12: Pro Bowls Should Be In Hawaii Dammit 
Chicago Cubs sign Xavier Nady, Oakland A's sign Ben Sheets 
Prank goes wrong when contestant actually makes half court shot blindfolded
Bill Mazeroski, Hall of Fame second baseman for the Pittsburgh Pirates, will join Willie Stargell, Roberto Clemente, and Honus Wagner as players with bronze statues outside of PNC Park, where the Pirates play. 
Understanding Peyton's Language
Former NBA Player Oldyn Polynice Reunited With Father after Haiti Quake
Pete Townshend Triggers Super Bowl Warning.  
Game Changers: How Videogames Trained a Generation of Athletes
McNabb says psychic told him he's staying with Eagles 
T.J. Schiller lands a 1620. He didn't win either.
Phil Mickelson upset about being 'publicly slandered' - ESPN
Federer Express keeps rolling.  This is his 16th Slam.  Beats Murray 6-3, 6-4, 7-6 (13-11) in the Australian Open.
Egypt wins the African Cup of Nations for the 3rd time in a row!
All the sports figures who have appeared on the Simpsons -- some of the drawings were spot on!
the first half of the Pro Bowl is over. Does anyone else  feel that there is no competition between teams here?
NFL All-Decade team (2000's)
8 Famous (Or Infamous) Fans Who Stood Out From The Crowd
No coming-out party for Super Bowl - latimes.com
This is every drunk hockey fan's dream!
LeBron pulls off a Jordan imitation!
Toronto Raptors fans received special treat for Fan Night
Who should The Lions take in the 1st round of the upcoming draft? 
Wade Boggs ruined Cooperstown, kinda
Lindsey Vonn is in her ski-gear, bent over on skis in a skiing stance, preparing to head downhill, which some feel is just a bit too provocative
Signing day rankings is completely about who recruits you.  Lots of great college football programs are unrepresented or just barely and do great w/o alleged top players.  VaTech, GaTech, BC, etc.
Naughty Jersey: Houston Astros. He had a poor glove but an electric stick. 
R.I.P Brian Burke's son, Brendan, Burke

Super Bowl fouls: Will you be guy who balances the ladies and play-by-play and leaves with a few new digits in his bank account and phone? Or will you be the douche bag who calls the Colts quarterback “Eli” Manning all evening?
Impressive store displays - All for Super Bowl madness
Ref who missed Henry's handball selected for World Cup.
Tim Tebow ad (that will air during Super Bowl) turns out to be pretty innocent
Dissecting the ballsiest coaching decision in sports history
Naughty Jersey: Florida Panthers and the repercussions of unprotected intimacy with that Thai woman who stole your watch 
To motivate his Saints, Sean Payton mimicked Bill Belichick
It's Rivalry Week in College Basketball
Newly reinstated WR Donte' Stallworth cut by Cleveland Browns
Peyton Manning: Yep, Still A Choker - Peyton Manning - Deadspin
Followup on Rhodes Scholar and FSU football star, Myron Rolle.
Would you rather watch an entire baseball or football game or an edited version featuring only big plays?
Speedskating’s Olympic Rewards Fail to Pay the Bills
Tecmo Super Bowl XLIV Champions
Super Bowl champion Saints set new parade standard 
Busting 5 myths surrounding the famous Tyson-Douglas bout, which was 20 years ago today.
Report: Texas, Big Ten have 'preliminary exchanges' about expansion
John Daly being ... John Daly. 
Frank Thomas retires
NCAA proposes rules changes for taunting and concussions 
After watching the Cavs/Magic game last night, the only conclusion one may draw is that Lebron James is the result of a Captain America-like government genetic enhancement project that makes him superior to us mere mortals in every way. I no longer accept the fact that he is a normal human being.
Luger dies in Vancouver during training-run crash
Updated: Vancouver Winter Olympics: A festival of corporate greed
Nodar Kumaritashvili Crash VIDEO: Winter Olympics Luge Slider DEAD 
High-res video of fatal Olympic luge crash. Sad.
Video of the Major Technical Malfunction at the Opening Ceremony
It's starting to leak that the Rams are favoring Sam Bradford at #1, because his shoulder is checking out to be healthy.  Thoughts anyone?
First person POV of skeleton racing
South African (Chris Bertish) makes a name for himself in largest Mavericks swell ever contested....
Tune it the All-Star game on TNT: Why does Kobe love wearing gay looking sweaters? 
The Plan for Fixing NBA All Star Weekend
With the Winter Olympic Games under way, leading sporting bodies continue to be embroiled in one of sport's biggest controversies - the gender verification testing of female athletes.
Defeat The World! Stephen Colbert poster for Vancouver Olympics
Pictures of the NBA All Star Weekend 2010 
“I’m a skier, not an orienteer”
Darrell Green Runs 4.43 40-Yard-Dash on 50th Birthday 
Visual Search of every Vancouver 2010 Winter Games athletes
Bill Simmons NBA Trade Value list Top 40
The U.S Womens Hockey Team beat Russia 13 - 0.  (also: fuck linking to NBC...I live on the West Coast, and I can't see anything live?  ESPN's getting my views)
Definitive evidence in the John Clayton ponytail case?
shaun white - double mctwist 1260.  Not a video game.
In case you missed it: Dwight Howard hits Guinness World Record longest shot while sitting down [video]
Antawn Jamison goes to the Cleveland Cavaliers in a three-team deal
Now that Lindsey Vonn won gold in the downhill, is anyone else thinking pics or it didn't happen about her alleged 'shin bruise'?
Top skier crashes immediately after starting her race - Olympics. 
27 Team, 62 Player NBA Trade Way Too Complicated To Explain
Tiger Woods I am deeply sorry
The night they killed figure skating - Elvis Stojko blasts the results of Men's Free Skate - I am going to watch hockey, where athletes are allowed to push the envelope. A real sport.
Could someone please explain why Olympic Hockey is played on a NHL sized rink rather then a Olympic sized rink? 
Michael Phelps to smoke dope full time after 2012 Olympics, admire his wall full of shiny medals.
U.S. bronze medalist Scotty Lago leaves Olympic Games after picture hits Web - ESPN
South Koreans Still Upset with Ohno 
I'm not a big fan of judging apologies like Tiger Woods'. I miss those days when being a sports fan did not also require a deep and textured understanding of body language.




That's not something you're ever going to see ever again, is it? A curling game coming to a complete standstill due to the crowd cheering the national anthem. 
Watch Free Live Stream of USA vs Canada
From homeless to Olympian: Strength built from life on the streets
Domino Pool shot
Iverson and the 76ers parting again?
It pisses me off every time NBC does an interview with an Olympic Athlete who is not a native English speaker, yet they speak English well, and NBC STILL PUTS IN SUBTITLES!!!
Tony Kornheiser “Off PTI For Some Time” Due to His Comments About Hannah Storm’s Wardrobe 
Debate: Was '85 NBA Draft fixed to give the Knicks Ewing? Was their envelope purposely bent at 4:50?
Tony Kornheiser suspended from PTI for two weeks
Vince Carter hits an 87-foot shot -- while sitting down
Hockey: USA beats Switzerland, 2-0, and moves into the Final Four. Hiller was a stud in net for the Swiss, but the US was just playing a much more physical, NHL style of hockey.
Mark McGwire's brother calls him a LIAR. Says he knew steroids would make him bigger, stronger.
No. 2 pick Thabeet headed to D-League - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
Lebron James, Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh on the same team?!?!
PGA Tour playing the Waste Management Open this week. Maybe Tiger really did take all the sponsor dollars with him.
Ovechkin attacks girl with camera [video]
Did you know that women are ostensibly banned from Olympic ski jumping due to the governing body's concerns about the well-being of their ovaries?
Damn, four minutes in and this is already one of the best Hockey Games I've ever seen.
Why isn't anyone talking about the blatantly racist attitude analysts have towards Toby Gerhart?
Shaq could miss the rest of the season after thumb surgery
Pravda suggests Canadian mens hockey team on drugs as an explanation for the beating they gave the Russians.
Do they have sour grapes in Russia? Hell yeah. The middle finger and the giant raspberry go to the Canadian ice hockey team. Were they on drugs the day they beat Russia so overwhelmingly? 
Brits, Russians Grumble as Games End
Ranking the NBA's Best Point Guards, 20-1; The Best Point Guard in NBA is... 
This isn't karaoke Tuesdays. It's not a scheduled event. TRUE rushing the court happens to a school once every 20 years or so.
Texas newspaper claims Vancouver 2010 Olympics were 'too Canadian', shades of Berlin 1936
Rich Eisen's 40-Yard Dash An Amusing Special-Effects Bonanza - Rich Eisen - Deadspin
YES DEAR predicts tiger woods affairs
Punch Will Stay With Brittney Griner Forever -- Just Ask LeGarrette Blount [video]
Iowa Guard Devan Bawinkel upstages Mark Titus with a 12 trillion
Streak for the Cash
Source: Julius Peppers, Chicago Bears finalize six-year deal - ESPN Chicago
Panthers Cut Jake Delhomme | Draft Day Suit
Pistons' Stuckey collapses, is hospitalized in Cavs win
The good, bad and the ugly of the Bears signing Julius Peppers
He may be old and busted, but KG is clearly one of the finest trash talkers ever:  Blatche was noticeably upset and appeared to hold back tears as he explained his encounter with Garnett...
In the last game at Freedom Hall, UofL beats #1 Syracuse.
Ben Rapistberger hires prominent attorney
Tressel doesn't duck issue of gays in sports - College Football - Rivals.com
Sport Caster 40 yard dash
Edwards put on probation for intentional crash...
Longtime Dodger Willie Davis, who hit in 31 straight games, found dead
Tyreke triple-doubles, continues run at the elusive rookie 20-5-5
Anyone have ESPN Insider?  I really want to hear John Hollinger's justification with putting the Mav's at 13 after a 13 game win streak...
Manny Pacquiao wins with a unanimous decision! Lets go Floyd...stop prolonging the inevitable, we wanna see the superfight!
Manny Pacquiao overwhelms Joshua Clottey, wins unanimous decision - ESPN
Runner collapses, dies after finishing Dallas half marathon
Beckham's injured. So what?
Tomlinson signs 2-year deal with Jets - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Griffey embraces ambassador role for promising Mariners, majors
/r/sports NCAA team profiles.
Ohio State extends Tressel's deal through 2014
Mike Bell agrees to deal with Eagles
UAPB wins play-in game. Their prize? They get to lose to Duke in the first round.
Red Sox prospect has successful brain surgery.
Man who filmed Erin Andrews in her hotel gets 2.5 years in prison.
Michael Jordan now the owner of the Charlotte Bobcats
Manny Pacquiao's upcoming concert canceled. In other news, Manny Pacquiao is a touring singer.
College basketball is a sleazy game; Kentucky’s Calipari is the sleaziest
No Indiana in the NCAA basketball tournament this year (parody / meme video)
Seattle Seahawks acquire San Diego Chargers' Charlie Whitehurst - ESPN
WWE Bans Chairshots... it pretends to punish wrestlers as if they grab ringside chairs of their own accord, rather than as part of a script.
A “golden shower” in golfing lingo refers to the practice of filling the Ryder cup with champagne and pouring it over the winner’s head. It’s not what you think at all.
Man Utd vs Barca final?
How to Watch NCAA March Madness Online - How-To Geek
Panthers defend Vokoun, blame ice after 105-foot goal - Puck Daddy - NHL Blog - Yahoo! Sports
I picked The Wofford Terriers to win their first ever NCAA tournament game because of this:
11 NCAA Basketball Coaches Who Look Like 1980s Movie/TV Characters
Of the last 20 Final Four Teams....
The Derek Jeter Herpes Tree
Agassi, Sampras Feud at Charity Event 
Coach John Calipari says young group will take Kentucky deep into tournament
7 Duke Players Fans Love To Hate
The Minnesota Twins agreed Sunday to extend Joe Mauer’s contract by $184 million and eight years.
Stephon Marbury lights up China's All Star Game, sinking three consecutive threes &amp; winning game MVP
Winning isn't everything; it's the only thing - Lombardi claimed to have been misquoted. What he intended to say was Winning isn't everything. The will to win is the only thing.
Kent St 58 75 Illinois ( NCAA men's basketball )
Why do (some?) American NHL fans hate Sidney Crosby?
After months of debate, they finally passed it!  The NFL is changing the playoff overtime rules.
Beauty in action: Roger Federer in slow motion.  
Andy Reid says Philadelphia Eagles entertaining offers for quarterbacks - ESPN
NFL Players Association contends that new overtime system must be collectively bargained 
Yeah? Because you're all dumb as bricks and you won't shut your mouths?
South Carolina pols call on black recruits to boycott Gamecocks - Dr. Saturday  - NCAAF Blog - Yahoo! Sports
urban meyer goes after the press
Stadiums at night: 25 beautiful cathedrals of sport
Charleston Stingrays Annual 'Pink in the Rink' Hockey Game 
I have a good rule change for the NBA.  An automatic technical foul for yelling and one.
Former NFL QB Ryan Leaf hoping for plea bargain - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Video: Finger-wagging Meyer gets in beat reporter's face - Dr. Saturday - NCAAF Blog - Yahoo! Sports
#5 Butler upsets #1 Syracuse and the madness continues!
Of course it had to happen to him.
No lie: Deceiving Syracuse got what it deserved 
Dwight Gooden Charged With DWI (Update) - Dwight Gooden - Deadspin
You have GOT to be kidding me!
So the Jazz could land the #1 pick in the 2010 NBA Draft. What should they do if they get it?
Gonna get in a fight during a game, better take the High Ground.(Fight in stands of NHL game)
Run the Trap!
Duke hater rooting for Baylor?  Well, consider that Baylor is the world's largest Baptist university whose motto/mission statement is Pro Ecclesia, Pro Texana-For Church, For Texas.  
MMA's distended midsections, genetics or drugs?
LA Dodgers' Owner's Wife Seeking $1M/month in Divorce Settlement
Baylor beats Duke
If you are not watching the women's final four, you missed a crazy ending.
So... how about the Stanford vs. Xavier Game?
YouTube - Dan LeFevour
Video of A'mare Stoudemire's 2010 dunk-a-thon.
There is so much in this picture the cracks me up.  From the baby that found Jesus to the OH SNAP kid and from the jazz hands woman to the dude in the back just chillin'; I love it all.
NBA fans get a vote for MVP... Lets do it reddit! 
Alabama fans name their kids Crimson Tide, Tyde and Saban.  Going too far?
Cowboys now guaranteed not to have any false starts or holding penalties in the upcoming season
People outside of Philly don't get it. McNabb is a nice guy, puts up great numbers, and chokes when you need him most. You can have him.
I guess Geno was ineligible to win this for some reason? Nothing else he could have done better.
Does anyone know who this guy is?
History of Wrestling - a collection of images until 1968
Our president pulled this little stunt in front of my own eyes today.
Halladay off to strong NL start, Phillies win 11-1 - MLB - Yahoo! Sports
Did anyone just witness the abomination that was One Shining Moment 2010?
Favre to become the NFL's first grandfather?
Scheyer tweets his cell number. Whoops...
How Arsenal fans see Messi now
So Eagles fans, you finally got rid of McNabb...
Today is the 37th Anniversary of the Designated Hitter in MLB
History of the Watermelon Helmet in the CFL
Let Caster Semenya run! Her only crime is that like millions of other people around the world, she may be intersex.
Umpire blasts 'pathetic' Yankees, Red Sox
Most EPIC sports fail of all time (hint: think 1986)
Ben Roethlisberger will not be charged
White Sox drop fourth straight
My friends and I freehanded this poster of Oregon QB Jeremiah Masoli for an assignment in our Spanish class three months ago, literally days before the first accusations against him. Disgraced now, we plan on desecrating it. 
Who was the smart-ass that wrote this headline?
NFL: The Science of Ndamukong SUH.
Butler Being Investigated By The NCAA!
if these were accurate NHL playoff predictions, then i'll give someone $50 after it's over...
I'd always hated Michael Irvin until I saw this speech. Actually very touching
A cross between Hockey and Soccer, very fast and very rough, I present Bandy. 
Spring College Football: What the Practices Really Mean
Gary Bettman Pleased NHL Playoffs Met With Relative Indifference
Toby Gerhart one of NFL draft's most intriguing prospects
Tire Fail! Bizarre F1 Accident
Stay classy Philly (wait... I live in Philly!): Phillies fan charged with intentionally vomiting on cop's kid. 
I have despised the Lakers for as long as I can remember, but I will root for them this weekend. That devious, theiving tool Clay Bennet and his Thunder can go eat a turd, and so can that traitor Howard Schultz for that matter. I want my Sonics back.
Royce Gracie (6'1 180 lbs) defeats Legendary Sumo Grand Champion Akebono (6'8 486 lbs)
This is why I love baseball. Mets @ Cards game goes 20 deep, and the home team loses!
Emmitt Smith's 2010 NFL Mock Draft (satire)
The Family Tree of Fighting
Buyer Beware: The 10 riskiest 2010 draft picks
Ernie Sims goes to Philadelphia Eagles,Tony Scheffler to Detroit Lions in three-way trade - ESPN
Soccer team boycotts game over name dispute. Good thing that the Saskatchewan Roughriders and Ottawa Rough Riders don't take this route in the CFL.
David Leadbetter in your living room! Use the Nintendo Wii to improve your golf swing.
McNabb has encouraged Redskins to sign Terrell Owens
Rockies president found dead in hotel room
Police: Rockies president dies in Utah hotel room - MLB - Yahoo! Sports
A Baseball Video Game that's got the art of pitching down.
Sarah Silverman attempts to do a live chat on Deadspin. It goes horribly wrong.
Cubs send Zambrano to bullpen
I'm a bit uncomfortable with Goodell's limitless power to punish.
Albert Pujols Sliding Into Everything After Learning To Slide | The Onion - America's Finest News Source
Now that's an odd way to celebrate a goal
Check out the Sedin twins!
Defense: the latest frontier in sabermetrics 
Two touchdowns + two field goals for the Brewers = 20-0 shutout beatdown of the Pirates.
Yankees Turn First Triple Play In 42 Years
I'm really glad I'm not a Denver Broncos fan.
Redskins pass on Okung, Pick Trent Williams out of OK with the 4th pick.
As an Eagles fan... I have to get a KolbHead.  
Jason Campbell traded to the Raiders
Red Bulls top Union, 2-1, in first meeting
One of Roethlisberger's bodyguards may lose job as a cop, other bodyguard, also a cop, has already been told to quit working for Roethlisberger.
Former MLB pitcher Mike Bacsik, producer for The Ticket 1310 in Dallas, congratulates all The Dirty Mexicans in San Antonio on the Spurs game 4 victory over the Mavs. 
Patriots release Adalius Thomas, ending disappointing tenure
This is why no one really watches MLS
There needs to be a 20 unanswered strike mercy rule in MMA.
Hey NFL, don't sign Ravens players. Hey Ravens players, stop chasing the money.
Hey /r/Sports, do you like soccer highlights? /r/Soccervids is new and it's all for you!
 No matter what Kobe Bryant(notes) does, he can’t seem to win even when he does win. If he produces a high-scoring game, then he’s shooting too much. If he scores modestly, then it’s evidence his body is failing him and he’s past his prime.
Tracing the history of the NBA's silhouette logo (psst: It's Jerry West)
Todd McShay's 2011 mock draft is out (does someone have espn insider and can give us the whole thing?)
China Stripped of 2000 Gymnastics Medal for Underage Girl Gymnasts
Nuggets fearful that Nene tore his left ACL
World Cup MVP to get fancy rings. I don't know if fancy would be the word I'd use
Who also thinks that Jose Mourihnio is the best coach in the world..?
Analyzing the Downfall of JaMarcus Russell
Which sports are good to watch on TV but not so great to listen to on the radio?
Marc Savard first game back from a concussion Wins it in OT for the Bruins
Motocross star McFarlane dies in crash
Hawks beat Bucks in 7, advance to meet Orlando
Surprise, surprise: Lakers turn back Jazz in game 1 of the second round.
This is the only triathlon I would consider training for and joining.
A hypothetical NBA playoffs question:
mlb.tv recently released for PS3; it is still worthless
IOC strips 2000 Games bronze medal from China
India's First Multi-Purpose Artificial Reef Makes For Good Surfing
Flyers winger: Savard bit me
OK, who is the most annoying tv or radio sports personality?
Bengals WR Arrested, Approaches Mid-Season Form
Afghanistan vs South Africa | T20WorldCup 2010 LiveStreaming
L.T. arrested on rape charges
Just a Daily Reminder of How Awesome Jared Allen is
“Inches from becoming the most incredible home run in Wiffle Ball history.”
Franzen has 4 goals, 6 points; Wings stay alive - NHL - Yahoo! Sports

Even with 0.6 seconds on the clock, the game's not over and you probably shouldn't start celebrating [FAIL]
Celtics could redefine the league if they beat the Cavs.
As a fan of the Tampa Bay Rays, this has to stop/slow down at some point, right?
Ferrari Drops Wickedly Sneaky Cigarette Advertising From Its Race Cars
Lakers win Game 3 as D-Will misses game-winning shot 
Lakers beat Jazz, lead series 3-0
Sharks Knock Wings Out in Second Round. Unfamiliar Feeling
This is how baseball fights should be.
Braden fires eight perfect frames vs. Rays
After loss, soccer team owners apologize, offer a refund to every one of its 32,000 season ticket holders
I will be two rows behind home plate at the brewers/ braves game tonight (may 10th). Wearing a Gallardo shirt with a NY jets cap. If anybody can get a picture of me and my friends on tv that would be awesome
Football player in Oregon dies of head injury
LPGA player dies at age 25
Joe Johnson- Looking for a new team
New York Magazine has an entire section - 16 articles - on why Lebron should move to NY and play for the Knicks.
25 years ago today, nearly halfway through a football match, fire engulfed a stadium at Bradford City. A total of 56 people died and more than 265 others were injured.
Big Ten denies inviting Nebraska, Notre Dame, Missouri and Rutgers
Winnipeg could get the Jets back 
Viswanathan Anand wins World Chess title
Cover of today's gameday program...uh, wtf?
22 year old poses as a 16 year old to win a state basketball championship
Blue Jays Series moved to Philly. Stinky decision.
Lebron maybe the most talented but Kobe is the greatest!
Cleveland fans are so spoiled
Police: Star athlete at Texas school really 22
Why do teams accuse Phillies of stealing signs? Manuel says: Because we beat them, that's why. Keep crying.
Montreal Canadians beat Pittsburgh Penguins in game 7 to make Conf. Final
As if being able to dunk a basketball wasn't cool enough in it's own right...
DAE hate ESPN?
NBA Jam 2010
Gotta give a hand to the Celtics.  They played a hell of a great series.
LeBron to the Bulls Confirmed?
You can feel it, you can feel it coming said Hillman
 Best Players Without An NBA Title [gallery] - SI.com
The No-Stats NBA All-Star
It's official ESPN is gay for Lebron James.
Australia submitted a strong, compelling and unified bid for the 2018 or 2022 FIFA World Cup™ in Zurich on Friday
I just noticed: champagne spraying is a slightly (extraordinarily) homoerotic practice. The athletes are literally spreading fluids on one another in a blissful release. Think of that the next time someone wins a championship.
What was the best strategic move of the NBA postseason so far?
Faulk tells Titans' Johnson to keep holding out
Sources: Dante Culpepper and UFL's Sacramento close to deal
So now that we know whos drafted where, what's your 2010 NBA Mock Draft?
Just Yahoo! Sports fucking up, again. This caught my attention after seeing Backstrom's lengthy extension.
Two down out of town for the Big Green!
A fantastic 45 yard free kick goal - it's why they call it the beautiful game.
(Almost Tour de France champion) Cyclist Floyd Landis Admits Doping, Alleges Use by Armstrong and Others - WSJ.com
Landis, Admitting Doping, Accuses Top U.S. Cyclists 
DAE hate the NFL's broadcast drama?
Houston Astros Ace Roy Oswalt Wants Out
The C's Whoop on the Magic.  Virtually guarantee a spot in the finals. 
Khaaaaaaaaaaaaan!
MMA Pound for Pound Rankings for May (Gallery)
Texas Rangers file bankruptcy
Rangers seek bankruptcy, still owe A-Rod $25M.
Jason Williams launches F Bombs after getting schooled by Rondo. Matt Barnes loves it!
If there's any doubt which is the toughest sport: hockey player loses 7 teeth and stays in the game
The Yankees are stacked and still have lost 10 out of their last 15. What happened to my world champs?
Vince Carter should sit for the rest of the East Finals.
2014 Super Bowl Awarded To New York/New Jersey 
Super Bowl 2014 was given to New Jersey!
BREAKING NEWS: New York To Get 2014 SUPER BOWL!! [VIDEO]
Man jailed for intentional vomit on Phillies fans
Brazil edges European Champion Spain for the number 1 Ranking heading into the World Cup 
Dragic?  More like Dra-SICK!
Should he have gotten tazed??
Second technical on Perkins??
Boston Globe sportswriter: Is there any doubt that we're in for a dream NBA Finals matchup of the Boston Celtics vs. the Los Angeles Lakers?
BREAKING NEWS: 2010 NBA Playoff Update Orlando Up 57-49 At Half Over Boston
Perkins suspended, Glen Davis concussed...time to activate Scalabrine?
who would spend $5 for an NBA log on their pizza?
NBA = WWE? Tim Donaghy weighs in...
Would You Dare Play a Round on the World's Highest Tennis Court?  Agassi and Federer did. [Video]
TIL There is a college football hall of fame
Anyone else totally disagree with the Basketball is Basketball commercials the NBA and WNBA are putting out?
this is by far my favourite posterization. What's your favourite poster dunk?
N.C.A.A. Is Looking Into Former Kentucky Player - NYTimes.com
Anyone know what channel the Spain/Saudi Arabia friendly is going to be on today?
53-game hit streak
Second perfect game of season
F1 Team-mates Vettel and Webber crash in turkey
They Put the Clang Into New York City’s Hoops
Soccer 101?  US students take note
Dani Alves does the waka waka dance
Insane Indy 500 crash - Car takes off at 200 mph! 
[video]
Am I the only one who can NOT see the Celtics possibly winning it?
Marlins to sell tickets to Halladay’s perfect game -- Florida will offer unused stubs at regular price after Phillies right-hander threw the majors’ 20th perfect game,
I can't believe this isn't scripted. LOON. A. TIC!
Attention MMA: The phrase I'm gonna rip your heart out! is generally metaphorical in nature.
In case you don't know about it prosportsdaily.com is a fantastic resource to keep up with sports news, rumors, stats, odds, and everything else you need.  It links to stories all over the web for the MLB, NFL, NBA and NHL, as well as specific teams.  Great for tracking off-season moves.
What is the aftermath of the American open-wheel civil war 15 years after it truly started between the upstart IRL and CART? NASCAR is the only winner. - ESPN
Printable World Cup 2010 schedules by timezone
Tigers' Galarraga comes within one out of perfect game.
Galarraga to Joyce: I know nobody's perfect. 
I actually had a dream this would happen
Oop's Sorry bout that....Can there be any stronger argument for instant replay in Baseball?
Armando Galarraga Has Perfect Game Blown in 9th Inning with 2 Outs because of Bad Call by Umpire
Win a soccer game by more than five points and you lose.
I've never thought about NBA refs like this: a review of the 10 refs officiating the 2010 Finals
John Wooden hospitalized in grave condition
U.S. confident Altidore will be healthy for World Cup
Henry to miss World Cup after drugs shame
Francesca Schiavone upsets Samantha Stosur, 6-4, 7-6(2), in the French women's final to become the first Italian woman to win a Slam of any sort!
Because We Love Messi
Cancer has no leg to stand on with young Golfer
Anybody think Miguel Cabrera can win the triple crown?
Will Ubaldo Jimenez win 15 games by the All-Star break?
Hey, r/sports. Anybody else just want to punch Jack Nicholson in the face?
7 things that ruin being at live sporting events
Isaac Bruce to retire as St. Louis Ram after trade from San Francisco 49ers
In case you aren't already hyped about the world cup
What Is the Probability of Winning Back-to-Back Baseball Games?
Braves rookie Jason Heyward surges toward lead in NL outfield All-Star voting
Most people look at what Golden Tate did as irresponsible. I don't blame him. Maple bars are the shit. You cannot resist their siren call
3-year-old needs surgery after being hit during batting practice at Dodgers Stadium
The Top 10 Greatest Coaches in the History of Ever
How did the Big 12 fall apart so quickly?
Nebraska will join Big 10
If you haven't entered our Reddit World Cup Bracket Predictor now's your last chance (250+ Entries and counting!) 
Colorado joins the Pac-10, could be the first step toward the Pac-16 (Super 16, Sweet 16? Who knows)
South Africa FIFA World Cup 2010 Countdown to Kick-off
World Cup 2010 is about to start who is YOUR favorite team?
USC Trojans juniors, seniors can transfer without sitting - ESPN Los Angeles
Top 10 storylines to follow during the World Cup
Nebraska accepts Big Ten invite.
*Sniffle* [pic]
Nebraska + Big Ten = New Questions. For example, how do you split up the teams?
4 Super Conferences?
Stanley Cup Finals, NBA Finals, FIFA World Cup, 
College conference, MLB season is full swing pun 
intended... so much has, is, and will be hap 
penning, so little care to apportion towards each 
event.
ESPN won't show highlights of worldcup in Asia.  I hate you corporate America 
College Football Conference Realignment from the perspective of a Texas Fan; now in MS Paint Slideshow Format!
Best Sports Moment Capture Ever?
Moron Soccer Fans Don't Get Why U.S. Beat England 1-1
A goalkeeper's mistake that was never forgiven.
Hey /r/sports, whats the best way to watch the Netherlands vs. Denmark game tomorrow?
MLB Players Like Jim Joyce, Don’t Like Instant Replay
What local bar thinks of Rooney
LEGO recreation of USA-England World Cup game highlights.
Herm Edwards on the USA's 1-1 win over England in the world cup.
THE OFFICIAL 2010 FIFA WORLD CUP EXPERIENCE
At this point Texas is just screwing with us: different insider sources state Texas is going to the PAC-10, staying in the Big XII.
It's official, Texas will stay with Big 12.
Big 12 leftovers give up buyout money to keep the conference together. Stewart Mandel
Izzo stays at Michigan State
Sign at World Cup: Refrain From Blowing Vuvuzelas. The most ignored sign in sports history
Attention ESPN
Maradona's vuvuzela
Game 7!
Sacrebleu!!! 
Will the lack of scoring in the NBA Finals hurt Americans' appreciation of basketball? 
I am Seriously thinking of not watching NBA any more.. anyone else?
Lakers VS Celtics Game 7 NBA Finals 2010 
? Why do headlines always say that FANS are the ones rioting/looting after a championship? Isn't it clear that a few bad apples are just taking advantage of a crowded situation?
Serbia defeats Germany in a huge upset.
Brit commentator on stolen World Cup goal: 'Not only was there no foul by a U.S. player, there are probably two penalty-kick offences being committed by the Slovenian defenders. Shocking decision.'
It may not be popular, but does anybody else just want the US (worldcup) to advance to piss off England?
England vs. Algeria ends in a draw!!  0-0
To all the US fans who feel robbed by the ref...
Yeah, you heard me — I think that ref was bought.
Marlins giving away 15,000 vuvuzelas for Saturday's game against Tampa Bay.
Netherlands Beats Japan 1-0
Manute Bol Dead: Dies At 47 From Stevens-Johnson Syndrome 
Manute Bol dead at 47.
Manute Bol, NBA player-humanitarian, dies at 47
There are Vuvuzelas at the Rays-Marlins game tonight.  South Africa has won.
Report: Ref who blew US-Slovenia call to be fired.
I would like to see a chart of the realtime variation of decibel levels in the stadiums at the World Cup.  Anyone know of such a thing?
Graeme McDowell triumphs at Pebble Beach
Couple gets married during CWS rain delay
Ireland's McDowell wins US Open golf championship 
Fernando Alonso backs Ferrari to battle for F1 title
Shocking story: Soccer players take dives! NY Times uncovers the stunning truth...
Seriously NYT, how stupid do you think we are? 
World Cup sets new TV ratings record for both ESPN &amp; Univision
Steve Smith (WR - Panthers) breaks arm playing flag football
No need to change the original title: The best picture of Colt McCoy you will ever see.
More disgusting burger: Friendly's new Grilled Cheese Burger Melt or Ben Roethlisberger? [image]
Chinese set to dominate future world cups after discovering innovative training method
Hey Reddit, which team dive the less so I can root for them ?
Officiating in soccer...vs, say hockey
New Reddit World Cup Beta - need testers
Fixing golf slice
Why did it take me this long to try ESPN3?
Putting the Final touches on the '10 NBA Finals...
Game 7 was highest-rated basketball game since Jordan's Game 6 win in '98
Serves you right France, you are OUT
Fact: 280 lbs dude with a sword tattoo on his chest is scary 
Donovan scores in stoppage time to give USA win over Algeria.
Wimbledon Tennis match 5th set score 38-38 and counting. Longest match in grand slam history
Wimbledon - Longest tennis match ever, 41-41 in the 
5th set, 7h30min
Two hours ago the US Men's National Soccer Team pulled off one of the greatest wins in the program's history. What is ESPN's headline article? 

Isner-Mahut, currently 46-46 in the 5th set, tune in!
The longest tennis match ever is suspended until tomorrow (day 3).  
They trudge back to the baseline, gnawing on thigh-bones and sucking intestines. They have decided that they will stay on Court 18 until every spectator is eaten. Only then, they say, will they consider ending their contest.
World Cup in South Africa: Six red cards for FIFA
Tennis longest match will continue today after 10 hs of play: 59-59 in the final set
Speculation on Lebron..
Wimbledon Wonder: The Mother of All Marathons 163 Games and still going!
Never ending Tennis match started last night still going on this morning. Score 61-61
The most epic sporting event I've ever seen
Wizards take Wall at No. 1 overall in NBA draft
South Africa: The myths and realities of the FIFA soccer World Cup
Korea DPR - Ivory Coast will be a legendary match, do you expect more goals at the second half? I predict 0-6 
OSN Reminds Explains Unwritten Rules of Baseball
Please explain to me how the next stage of the world cup works
France's team manager doesn't trust Scorpios...that may explain a few things.
Diamondbacks P Edwin Jackson gets no-hitter... with 8 walks, 1 hit batter, an error committed, an error by Stephen Drew, and 149 pitches.
Average goals per World Cup 2010 game currently at 2.1. In 1954 it was 5.38, and other interesting stats [PDF]
Bobby Valentine finally decides to coach in MLB again... with the Florida Marlins
The FOURTH no-hitter of the year.
ANOTHER no-hitter!
Noooooooooooo!!!  Yeah PK! Goooooooooooooal!!!  Noooooooooooo!!!
The goal reverberated the stadium as the Vuvuzelas sounded aloud across the grounds, repeating the same feat four years ago when the Black Stars won
Horrendous year for officiating
Instead of instant replay, FIFA should implement the coach's challenge (a la NFL).
Small-town baseball: Where sometimes a prosthetic leg makes for a great prop
To be a premier soccer player one must first know how to act.
Japan's 'Knuckle Princess' makes US pitching debut 
Dancing Ref
I wonder what Lebron is thinking about during this game....
Three Kings of Miami
South Carolina wins College World Series 2-0!
Sinkhole opens outside Titans' stadium,  No worries that's just a message from Bud Adam's to Jeff Fisher.   
Celtics Dancers tryouts 2010
Video contradicts Vick's version of shooting
Pierce adds name to free-agent class 
Happy Birthday Michael Phelps! I hate you.
Kobe Bryant has the index finger of an 83-year-old man
Come to NY Lebron!
It's OFFICIAL, LeBron leaving Cleveland &amp; headed for Florida!
The Top 10 Strangest Goals In Soccer History (w/VIDEO)
Vincent Jackson suspended three games | ProFootballTalk.com
MLB Manager Comes Out of the Tea Party Closet
Is the Euroleague really this bad?
Titans QB Chris Simms arrested on driving while stoned charge 
How Mariano Rivera Dominates Hitters - Interactive Feature - NYTimes.com
The best wrestling finishing moves of all time!
Soccer has a ways to go before catching on.
Forbes disputes London tabloid claim that Tiger Woods' divorce will cost him $750 Million
Knicks play dirty, promise they'll make LeBron James a billionaire if he plays for New York
Phil Jackson to return to Lakers
NFL: Chris Simms arrested on charges of driving while on drugs
The fight for football: Is the `world game’ the people’s game?
Cricinfosite.com: Sports From A Completely Different Perspective
Is Darko Milicic worth 20 million dollars? The Timberwolves say yes.
The FA confirms that Fabio Capello will continue as England Manager
Netherlands Eliminates Brazil From World Cup (VIDEO, HIGHLIGHTS)
Wimbledon 2010 Hotties: The Hottest Women At Wimbledon (PHOTOS)
Uruguayan takes the ball out with his hands, gets a red card, a penalty kick, beats Ghana. [EPIC]
The Chicago Bulls pressing for Wade, LeBron partnership
Who are you supporting? ARG or GER!
Golfer defies 67m-to-one odds to hit two holes-in-one in the same round
I don't know what to think reddit, please tell me what to believe... :(
arg fan vs ger in worldcup when 0:4
Made in Argentina vs Made in Germany
I am sad... :(
NY Contest Blends US Love of Hot Dogs, Competition
Maradona will settle for this trophy as a consolation
Kobayashi Crashes Coney Island Hot Dog Eating Contest... FREE KOBI!!!!!!
Stamford Bridge Still One Of Soccer’s Best Stadiums
Germany v Spain – Germans Continue to Roll, Drop Disappointing Spain
Soccer the only sissy sport?
How much would that be after tax?
Bob Probert: He Shot, He Scored, He Fought.
FIFA Game Fixing
LeBron James makes a decision
MLB - Did anyone see, or does anyone have a video of, the fan fall out of the 2nd level seating at the Texas/Cleveland game?
Seattle Mariners: Separated at Birth?
Film: `A Place in the City' -- A world class city for whom? World Cup tourists or the poor?
Am I the only one who doesn't want Holland to win the World Cup?
unacceptable
LeBron James announcing his decision from Greenwich, CT - That's Knicks territory!
Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh team up in Miami. This will probably lure in LeBron to form the next Big Three
SPAIN goes to the final with an amazing Puyol header!!!
Psychic octopus is on a roll!
Boozer signs with the Bulls!
Have sideline refs always gotten offsides calls wrong so consistently?  It seems like such a hard thing to call, basically being required to look at two places at once.  I have a solution:
Is anyone else sick over this LeBron media blitz?  The guy is good, but shouldn't be so full of himself...
Buffet willing to advise King James.
any cleveland cavs fans here on Reddit? 
Multiple sources say....
McHale: Heat, Knicks would need shooters with LeBron
I only have basic cable ( approx. 15 channels) what basic station (abc, nbc ect.) can I watch to see Lebron make his decision.
Knicks get Stoudemire in sign-and-trade
Before You Go Mr. Bosh 
how will these signings effect the nba as a whole?
God Hates Cleveland Sports
Kiss my ass, LeBron!
Message from Lebron to Dan Gilbert
Did LeBron James betray Cleveland?  Or is the Cavs owner just demonstrating why he's unfit to run an NBA team?
Exclusive video of Lebron's decision to join Wade and Bosh (bonus: at 2:05 Wade and Bosh beat the shit out of a fan!)
Right or wrong? Phillies' Jayson Werth curses out fan for sitting in his seat, catching foul ball. 
At first Cleveland fans were all like...
Remember how Lebron ripped his jersey off in the tunnel after being eliminated by the Celtics.
Yankees' deal with Mariners for Cliff Lee could be crumbling.
Father: Beasley Traded For Looking Like Delonte
Not so much anymore Facebook. Ahh how topical!
And with that, the LeBron Legacy in Cleveland is officially over...
Once LeBron changes his address, he will not pay state taxes on ANY of his endorsement contracts.
South African soccer: For the love of the game or of money and power?
Quick baseball question for you guys re: tonight's Rangers game
Bill Burr: The State of New York Sports Rant
Cleveland.com is reporting that the Cavs are signing Dr. Dre and Eminem.
Could Isaiah really be the Knicks next GM?...Donnie Walsh says yes
Question: what was written on Iniesta's shirt?
Spain wins! Elegant play wins over brutal - a triumph for the game.
Reports: Turkoglu, Childress to Suns
Mark Niver Final Pass Before . . . Dying.  RIP, Niver.
Lebron did not take a pay cut by going to Miami.
Michael Vick: Vick is a no-show at his own celebrity golf tournament - dailypress.com
Chris Broussard to Dan Gilbert: Grow up.
'World Cup final sets ratings record' nearly 24.4 million US viewers. 
Knicks fans may have jumped the gun on this one...
With a deal of Rs 200 cr, Dhoni Surpasses Tendulkar
Report: Steinbrenner in Tampa hospital | The Lohud Yankees Blog
George Steinbrenner, New York Yankees Owner, Dies at 80
George Steinbrenner, Who Built Yankees Into Powerhouse, Dies at 80
If Americans are able to abandon the idea of being chosen by God to save the world, and acknowledge that they are identical to all other human beings, then could it be possible for America to join the rest of the world and celebrate the most beautiful sport of our time with the rest of the world?
Where's Dan Gilbert's open letter to Cavs fans about Zydrunas Ilgauskas' cowardly betrayal?
Thierry Henry leaves Barcelona for New York Red Bulls
If Lebron changed his number out of respect for Jordan, why is he spitting in the face of Dr. J ?
Hey Reddit Sports, here are the World Rankings I've been working on for the last 6 months
Can someone explain the potential NBA lockout? 
BOXING GREATEST SPORT IN THE WORLD
Ah, the old peek-a-boo to make sure the ref sees you writhing in agony
Golden State Warriors sell for record $450 million
Vuvuzela Overload
Experts warn that concussions are a huge 'hidden' threat to young athletes (Infographic)
NFL suspends Johnny Jolly of Green Bay Packers for 2010, maybe more - ESPN
This is one sport you can get up close and personal.
Man arrested for drunken driving after being disappointed in LeBron James's choice to play for Miami Heat...did anyone NOT see this coming?
Lou Piniella likely to retire at the end of the season
11 Notre Dame athletes arrested
Carl Edwards and Brad Keselowski get into it. Again. 
Peralta hits improbable inside-the-parker
Best team ever? {pic}
LeBron explains why he wants to leave Cleveland - iPhone4 vs HTC Evo style
Apparently that awesome D-Line that UNC is going to have this year.... well....they cheated to get it.
Charles Barkley cussing and sucking at chip shots
Does Hollinger need to reevaluate the way he calculates his power rankings?
Japan sneak attacks Australia!
Best Hockey Goal Ever
UT coaches will be featured on 2010 football season's home-game tickets. Surprisingly, it looks like they forgot someone
An inside look at Wrigley Field
This is how you catch a football.
Wife of Pirates' Tabata pleads guilty to kidnapping

Which rookie quarterback do you wish has the most successful career? I guess people love/hate Tebow.
Giant 7th grade basketball player........is giant.
Jordan Shipley sings a pretty awesome song for Colt McCoy during McCoy's wedding.
MLB Trade Rumors: Why Are the L.A. Dodgers Shopping for an Outfielder?
Contador wins Tour by 39 seconds
The funniest wrestling promo screw-up ever.
Ichiro throws out Terrence Long.
Achievement Unlocked: 4x Rejection
Raul bids farewell to Real Madrid (Champions League, Spain, and Madrid's all-time top goalscorer)
WOW. Remember when Nate Newton was a fat 300+ lb offensive lineman? Now he's lost 130+ pounds and I guarantee you won't recognize him.
anyone know how to access espn insider without paying?
Cleveland Cavaliers trade Delonte West, Sebastian Telfair to Minnesota Timberwolves for Ramon Sessions, Ryan Hollins and draft pick 
The 25 Biggest Stars in Summer X Games History
Terrell Owens is Joining Forces With Ochocinco
Nick Diaz talks about fighting 2 random citizens while on a smoke break during a bike ride.  [hilarious video]
What would you say is the top 3 Bill Simmons articles?
Best goal celebration ever!
Miguel Batista on the fans reaction to him replacing Stephen Strasburg: Imagine if you go there to see Miss Universe - and you end up having Miss Iowa 
DJ Steve Porter is Back w/ “Press Hop 2″ starring LeBron, Tiger, Favre, a dancing Michelle Beadle and many, many more. [Video]
Ron Artest interviews Ron Artest
Greatest Ultimate Frisbee catch ever.
MLB Power Rankings - This week in Baseball
Source: Oswalt plans to approve trade
Houston Astros officially trade Roy Oswalt to Phillies for lefthander J.A. Happ, two prospects
San Diego Padres acquire veteran Miguel Tejada
The new San Diego Padres jerseys are the new best jerseys in sports.
Potential #1 NFL Overall Draft Pick: Jake Locker Highlights
Sam Bradford has the last laugh, signs record six year, $78M deal with $50M guaranteed. 
Is Paul Leaving the Worst Case Scenario?
10 Things You Didn't Know About Cristiano Ronaldo
Cubs trade Lilly, Theriot to Dodgers for DeWitt and 2 pitching prospects.
Cancer victim tried to pack a lifetime of mothering into two years
The list of the 50 most painful outcomes in the history of college football
LeBron James takes out ad thanking people of Akron, makes no mention of Cleveland
I do not see the resemblance.
Mo Vaughn's post-baseball career: Running a company that has purchased and rehabbed 4,000 low-income NY apartments 
NBA gives me the greatest X-Mas ever!
I regret signing up for ESPN's mobile alerts...
Needed: One copy of the rules of Major League Baseball in Spanish
Alex Rodriguez hits home run No. 600
In honor of A-Rod hitting 600 HR
PLAN APPROVED, TEXAS RANGERS EXIT CHAPTER 11 BANKRUPTCY
West Virginia football to be charged with 5 major NCAA violations
An argument for why performance enhancing drugs should be legal
He Should Have Been Nicknamed The Yankee Clapper 
Watch Roger Huerta Street Fight Video 
Isiah Thomas has naked picks of James Dolan with a goat...How else do you explain him being rehired by the Knicks?
Chris Chelios finally retires
Dear American /r/Sports redditors, why are college sports (NCAAB, NCAAF in particular) so goddamn popular in the United States?
Amazing catch in Japanese Baseball game [vid]
Thought the MMA had a lot of upsets? Here's a top 45 list of 'em.
Congrats to Jerry Rice. In my opinion the GREATEST American Athlete in history.
Rays no-hit through 8 - not a repost
What's up with Tebow's haircut?
Hall of Fame Game highest rated pre-season game in six years
Ryne Sandberg moving up the line, could be Chicago Cubs manager (!!!)
Brian Cushing: 'Overtraining' caused positive test - BULL!
Joe Paterno Nominated for Presidential Medal of Freedom
Detroit Pistons, Tracy McGrady agree to 1-year deal
LeBron James' Girlfriend Didn't Want To Go To Miami
Tolliver's LeBron spoof a hit on YouTube
Ike Davis Drunk Pictures - New York Mets
Mets' Francisco Rodriguez arrested and charged with assault for allegedly punching his father-in-law during a postgame brawl
NCAA Football 2011. Can be Frustrating-- Some things about the game that make me tick.
A boyfriend avoid a foul ball, eventually hits his girlfriend. Chivalry is dead.
Anyone have a stream/torrent of last night's episode of Hard Knocks?
The newest Florida recruit has a fist for a penis. 
Charles Barkley Rips LeBron, Miami's Big Three as 'Punks' 
The English Premier League starts on Saturday, This is your last chance to join reddit's fantasy leagues
BBC poll predictions for the new Premiership season - Chelsea firm favourites
The right hand placement. The yawn. Could Yahoo! have used a worse picture for Glen Coffee's retirement?
Glen Coffee (49ers) retired to follow the path of Christ 
Shane Carwin named in steroid probe
The NFL Training Camp is supposed to be boring, so why did it turn into weeks of constant pranking?
Vintage college football posters - find your school, post your favorite
Ryan Giggs :: 20 years playing for Man utd. Amazing!
Should NCAA athletes be paid?
This year’s version of the Blind Side: London Crawford of the Texans.
Maybe athletes should care about more than the sport they play?  [LeBron]'s not just looking to win. He's also looking to be happy, and he's only happy when he's surrounded by people he cares for and trusts.
Sign the Petition to get Tom Watson selected as a Captain's Pick for the Ryder Cup
Bobby Thomson dies at 86
The Shot Heard 'Round the World: Baseball legend Bobby Thompson passes at 86
Lou Gehrig May Not Have Had Lou Gehrig's Disease | Playbook
Do you think since the Decision Lebron James has walked up to one of his handlers and said What the fuck were you thinking lettting me do that?
Bobby Thomson, hitter of the Shot Heard 'Round the World, passed away.  For those who didn't know.
Nevada, Fresno State to join Mountain West Conference; will leave the WAC with 6 football teams
Classic NBA commercials, basketball commercials, NBA shoe commercials
Cleveland Tourism guy made a new song...
Reddit Sports, how cool is this: I got to do a fantasy football draft yesterday from the boardroom at NFL headquarters in New York City.
Mayor: American League baseball team looking at Las Vegas
pennant race baseball - one of the best times of the sporting year!
Citizens Bank Park voted best park by fans!
Is that a brick of coke or a wrapped-up beef brisket, James Toney? (Pic) 
Drinking at Dodgers Stadium?
Bobby Thomson, who hit the epic homer to win 1951 pennant, dies at age 86
Hilarious Saban Impression by Sr. WR Rob Ezell
Football Season is on and this is a good thing.
Mike Lowell To Retire After 2010 Season??
 Lou Piniella and Bobby Cox share a hug 
Manchester City’s Robinho is on the verge of a move to Turkish club Besiktas but Fenerbahce are also interested. Besiktas to become an Real Madrid Clone?
A fantasy football draft analyzer I've been building with feedback from /r/fantasyfootball/ - thought I'd share with the wider sports community
My brother the climbing lover sent this to me and reminded me how great it really is.
Football Outsider: For every Brady and Harrison, there has to be another 3-4 elite players lurking at the bottom of a roster league-wide. And for every Brady that got their chance, there has to be a quarterback or so a decade that could have been an elite player and never got the opportunity.
Johnny Damon on his way back to Beantown?
Basketbawful pays tribute to Kevin Garnett's potty mouth.
Eric Liddell
Shaq's gone from championship rings to putting a ring on Flavor Flav's sloppy seconds.
Michael Lombardi, veteran NFL personnel guru and NFL.com senior analyst, shares his picks for the smartest players in the league this year
Support the University of South Flordia Bulls!
Sports Blog I started a couple years ago, if anyone is interested
Can I defend the Pirates for a second...
If you needed a reason to hate the Florida Marlins...
Five year old in batting cage with pitches at 85 mph
Streaming NFL games?
Do you feel like your team is going to perform better if you're watching/following them?
Does anybody know a good place to stream College Football games online?
Amazing POV - downhill MTB bike race in Brazilian favela 
If you are like me, here is how MLB waivers works
Red Bull Crashed Ice
I win!  Wait....oh.....damn!
Hey Fox, Thanks for showing me more of the field, but how is it better to see 20 yards behind the play?
An Exciting Game Called Football
This hurts my eyes.
If L.A. had Mannywood, then Chicago gets...
Jim Brown upset that his role with the Browns has been reduced to that of a mascot.
Jim Brown says he won't attend Ring of Honor ceremony: 'I do not need validation' 
BYU to leave Mountain West Conference, join West Coast Conference in all sports except football - ESPN
Does anybody else find it weird that professional tennis players have 10 people to pick up their balls and supply them with a towel when they need it, but they have to bring their heavy bags and their 15 racquets by themselves on the court?
What’s in a Nickname? The Origins of All 32 NFL Team Names
Best mascot ever!
Big 10 Divisions to be announced tonight at 7PM
Big Ten conference alignment released
USA beats Iran in the World Championship of Basketball.  Woot woot!  Whatchya you gonna do now Iran, not so tough are ya?  
Rob Dibble Fired - YESSSSSSSSSSSS
Big Ten announces division alignments
Best free kick ever by Roberto Carlos was no fluke, claim scientists
Derek Anderson -- Ruining your team's quarterback position since 2006
Catapulted by a specially adapted bungee cord, Aaron rides his wheelchair into a ramp, slinging himself into the air and spinning a clear 720 degrees in the air.
I did not watch this game, but does the Brunell to Holmes TD in the 4th quarter strike anyone else as petty. It's just preseason, what's the point of burning a 4th stringer?
Fist fight at the US Open Tennis match, w/ video
Vuvuzelas banned at European soccer games
Fight Night in the stands at the US Open. Old man steps up to younger man insulting his wife, gets thrown over 2 rows of chairs. 
Rex Ryan(NFL coach) speech - TL;DR: Don't eat cheesburgers before practice, don't play like a bunch of slapdicks, let's go eat a snack
Georgia State wins its first ever game...need to practice their Gatorade baths; poor Bill Curry
Ilya Kovalchuk deal to be approved as part of NHL, union CBA amendment
Did anyone catch LSU's Josh Jasper's beautiful punt last night that went out of bounds at the one yard line?
14 more redditors needed for our fantasy football league. if everyone chips in, we'll give the winner a badass trophy.
ACC record vs top 5 opponents since 2000: 1-28. Remove Florida State's record and the all time conference result vs top 5: 3-72.
So the new Nike college football uniforms... love 'em or hate 'em?
Why hockey would be much better in a polytheistic society [comic].
The tight end is the rookie QB's best friend? Myth = Busted.
Reggie Bush becoming first player in history to be stripped oh Heisman Trophy
Albert Pujols' Head is Growing Freakishly Large
While we're on the subject of USC running backs; Why is Reggie Bush getting stripped of his Heisman but OJ Simpson still has his?
The Onion's Team by Team Guide to the NFL
Trevor Hoffman notches 600th save.
It may seem like it would be a sacrilege to be green(er) on football Sunday, but we're offering up tips on how to do it! 
The extended version of the Ole' Miss 'Admiral Ackbar' commercial
What's the sports team you hate the most, even if they are not a rival of your team?
I'm really jealous of his hair.
Nationals' Nyjer Morgan enrages baseball by violating The Code
Police: Ryan Howard wanted in connection with left field bomb 
Dallas Cowboys Are NFL's Most Popular Team - A Study Ranks All 32 in TV Viewers and Online Cachet
Hey guys, you can get 30 days of ESPN Insider for free through the Old Spice banner on the ESPN site right now.
$300,000 a month mortgage, that's no problem
The typical U.S. Open fan is a wealthy, 41-year-old married woman, according to USTA survey
Goalkeeper Fail
Ken Burns' PBS documentary picks up where his previous series Baseball  left off in the 1990s. One of the film's most compelling threads is the story of Barry Bonds -- before and after he makes what Burns calls a Faustian bargain.
Durant leads Team USA into FIBA World Championship Final 
Iowa Football Player Josh Koeppel gets hit by a truck.
As if anyone needed another reason to punch Chris Berman...
AskSports: Does anybody know a good site where I can watch an NFL game?
A look at what NFL games your area will be broadcasting today
Still haven't seen the Lions win a game since 2007
Alex Barron crucial in Redskins victory
Vick's Chance to Return to Stardom?
Awesome save! What? Fuuuuuuuuu! [soccer]
Anyone have a decent ASA slow pitch bat to sell?
Da'Sean Butler's Children's Story: Whoopee Cakes and Dino Scat.
Ben Rothlisberger, You have gone too far!
Most Rushing Yards In NFL Openers (Photos)
Pat Riley Fires Back at Charles Barkley, Magic, and All Critics
Anyone else secretly (or not so secretly) wishing Kolb has a concussion so Vick starts next week?
Since we all now know the complete the process rule, let me show you why it was the right call
The Ines Sainz Incident is Turning an Ant Hill into a Mountain
Bernard Pollard tells Reggie Wayne off [Deadspin]
Clinton Portis: Female reporters always 'want somebody'.  What do you think?  A discussion for all sports. 
The Decline And Fall Of The NFL
Did You Know That Playing Football Can Lead to A Suicidal Disease Called CTE? 
The New York Jets moved to help fill the massive void left by the loss of nose tackle Kris Jenkins by agreeing to a contract with defensive tackle Howard Green 
Fantasy Football: The New Internet Porn
 The head of France's anti-doping agency is ready to collaborate fully with a U.S. federal investigation into seven-time Tour de France champion Lance Armstrong.
A Florida man was charged with prodding his stepson to run football sprints while motivationally waving a BB gun 
Did Reggie get the shaft? Should Vince have gotten the trophy? Post your thoughts to a gigantic digital billboard at My Outdoor Voice.
College Basketball sub-reddit now has team logos
The League (FX show) fantasy football draft board - 2009 and 2010
Coach Urban Meyer 'real upset' about Florida player arrests - ESPN
Touchdown Disallowed After Ref Drops Ball Handed To Him By Player
Time Lapse Stadium Makeover
Don Mattingly to replace Joe Torre as Los Angeles Dodgers skipper after season
Nyjer Morgan’s actions indefensible, and his comments don’t help his case
Red Sox still in the hunt as Berthiaume and Boone proclaim their season over
Cubs OF Tyler Colvin speared by broken bat [video]
I don't think you're allowed to do that
Hethcock resigns at Oaks Christian
Closest you will ever get to flying.
I played this scene in the NCAA video games before, I think
Messi Melodrama
So my school got jipped out of a win on Saturday because this was called a touchdown
Brawling Mascots (Gallery)
Who do I start at RB this week?
I know this article is 3 years old now, but I still hate this trend.
Meaningless game has two milestones: Congratulations Jose Batista on your 50th Homerun and Ichiro on 10 consecutive 200 hit seasons!
Skateboarding added to gym classes

Best Game Ever broadcast found in Bing Crosby's cellar.  Thought lost.
NCAA Football: Five Reasons the Temple Owls Will Surprise the Penn State Nittany Lions
32 Great Sports Illustrated Covers
Dario Franchitti: The Right Mindset Drives Success
Cooper Manning Challenges Peyton, Eli To Game Of Yahtzee
Some great in-air footage from the paragliding worldcup final
My thoughts about professional wrestling post-2003.
You real good driver Ken Block. Crazy Driving skills yo!
Even Indian Athletes are complaining about their accommodation at the Commonwealth games.
DAE Hate Stupid football announcers?
3SIB: “I did not give Arkansas enough credit this week …”
God damn you Redskins.
Just though I would submit this here. Fastest field sport in the world. 
Nolan and Ichiro
Iguodala, Westbrook and Smith stop by Fox Business to talk taxes
Where can you stream NFL games?
Dream 16 MMA introduction video sets a new standard for professional sports. And insanity.
Forget the $200 putters, Jim Furyk wins Fed Ex Cup with $39 used putter.
Good news: Mark Dantonio will coach Michigan State this weekend from press box
Great story on how Jim Furyk won the FedEx Cup with a used putter that he bought at a mom and pop golf shop.
Something tells me this caused quite a rage moment last night..
Reds clinch NL Central on Jay Bruce walkoff HR!
Big REDdit Machine!
Bears Did Work- Game Highlights
 New Jersey Nets not pursuing 4-team Carmelo Anthony trade 
Mark May's Wikipedia Article
8 Fun Facts About 8 Classic Sports Illustrated Covers
Since the 18 game NFL season seems to be going ahead, what will be the new benchmark for stats?
Exclusive Video Footage of Dez Bryant and Roy Williams' $55k Dinner Aftermath
Tampa Bay Rays attendance: 37,000
Tour de France champion Alberto Contador tests positive for banned stimulant
OK, so there are 4 games left as of Today(9/30). Philly has the most wins with 95. They can get a maximum of 99 wins. There will be no 100 win teams this year! WTF!
Tiger Woods' Obstacle Course
Just how religious is sport?
Supwitchugirl has another I Love My Ducks video.  Here's Return of the Quack, feat. Joey Harrington.
Old Habits Die Hard
Happy Birthday to this guy! Go Giants!
Watching TX/OU game tomorrow. Need some good smack talking lines (for TX)
Fuck everything about this picture. Roy Williams and Quan Cosby.
Jacksonville Jaguars
Recruiting 9 year olds for basketball
and the home of the BRA-AY-AY-AY-AY-AY-VE
What do 2,000+ NFL fans know that you don't? /r/NFL
Pedobear is OK with this
Stanley Cup Odds - Who has the best chance for hockey's Holy Grail?
Randy Moss didn't like what I had to say about him on facebook.
WTF?! How does a crappy team like DET Lions not have a Cheerleading squad?
Vikes get Moss from Patriots in trade - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Earlier today, Chad Ochocinco learned that birds lay eggs, and not baby birds. Then decides to tweet about his stupidity
Hey, guys, did something happen with Roy Halladay tonight?
Deadspin continues to accidentally produce good journalism: a must-read on the bizarre saga of Mike Danton and David Frost
If Wayne Rooney takes offence to this, he's got a warped sense of self image.
He's finally lost his mind. Brent Musburger wants steroids in pro sports. Who let him out of the booth?
How can you tell if someone doesn't like Brett Favre.
The Ultimate Fan Puts Off Heart Surgery and Risks Death So He Can Watch Michigan vs. Michigan State Play [VIDEO]
whats up SF Giants fans?
San Diego Padres Hall of Famer Tony Gwynn diagnosed with cancer, blames 'dipping' of chewing tobacco - ESPN
What was Stephen Garcia thinking?
Les Miles sold his soul to the devil....
What do Dantonio and Rodriguez both have in common?
At least Lane Kiffin is getting what he deserves
You can get better on the field and stronger in the gym with unilateral leg movements.
What happened to Carson Palmer? He's terrible.
I find this hilarious. Roddy White is tied for 4th in the league in forced fumbles.
Detroit Lions unleash some pent-up frustration in a rout of the St. Louis Rams for their first win of the season 44-6. :)
Wisconsin goes for 2 against Minnesota up 41-16 with 6:00 left in the 4th quarter.  It was a douche move, but the media missed the real story: The over/under was 58.  I'm not saying...
There Was A Lot Of Fighting In Saturday's Devils/Capitals Game
49ers Say Mike Singletary's Pep Talks 'A Little Off' This Year
Poll: what is the level of irony that NFL hires swimsuit model as its PR spokeswoman on the day Favre gets busted for sexting? | the smartphone wars
Confessions of former NFL agent Josh Luchs - SI.com - Magazine
Who in this subreddit has a relative in the Hall of Fame in a major sport?  Here's mine:
Urban Meyer shows true core values by reinstating Rainey
what is the best college sports town?
Remember the last Univ. of Miami fan brawl?  Here's another from last week.  What's with the Hurricane fans??
Why The NCAA Can't Allow Pay Athletes Even If It Wants To
Check out this Scoring Summery. 
New Yorkers with Cablevision won't get to see the Giants game today. IT'S TIME TO FIX THIS SHIT. 
Porter Potty Drill: Sometimes February has 28 days, sometimes it has 29. Explain that one to me!
Did anyone see the actual hold that cost the Bears a Manning return TD?
And not a single fuck was given that day.....
Finally a game where Alex Smith doesn't turnover the ball. Anyone else think the niners can be the first ever 0-5 team to make the playoffs?
Not really a football guy, but getting hit violently seems like an accepted occupational hazard for those who play.  IS the NFL trying to dull down their product on purpose?
Keion Bell dunks over 7 people.
Longtime New York Yankees fan Freddy 'Freddy Sez' Schuman dies at 85. Everyone bring a frying pan and spoon to the game tonight.
The Yankees' response to tonight's game
NFL Hard Hit Debate one of the guys is furious
Awwww... does the Brady need his orange hanky?
NYT's David Carr is not impressed with Deadspin and AJ Daulerio's version of journalism
Watching the Rangers shell the Yanquis is awesome y'all.
A picture worth 1000 words is now no longer for sale
Hey Reddit, check out what SBNation's Syracuse blog did for 32 kids of the Boys and Girls Club
Foreman has 11 children, and each of his six sons are named George: George Jr., George III, George IV, George V, Keenen and George VI.
Camera smashed by wayward baseball bat (video)
The new NFL safety video: legal hits can still be plenty brutal
Maybe someday the ACC will learn...
Peruvian Soccer Players Faint After Being Drugged By Rivals During Game
Taking the fight to the stands. Canadian football team brawls with the few fans in the stands. 
What 2 teams do you want in the World Series, and what 2 teams do you actually think will be in the World Series and why?
Letter from a fan to the Dallas Stars: I ask that Adam Burish publicly apologizes to me for he had cost me that game of NHL 11.
NHL to RYPIEN Next time you're frustrated don't grab a fan, end someone's career with a cheap shot to the head, we'll give you less games and the media will call you a warrior.
Anyone else jealous of The Machine?  Engaged to Sharapova, he is.
Now that Texas is in, if the Giants reach the world series, Bengie Molina is assured of a ring no matter who wins!
Hey Reddit sports fans, please read this NY Times profile of my organization and join us. I swear when we're big enough I will pay Reddit back tenfold. 
best ending to a rugby match evaaar!
So The Fates are apparently rooting for TCU and Boise.
one of the best runs you will see this year
Velasquez smashes Lesnar!  I'm shocked by what I saw, are you?
The Greek council at my school put on a Quidditch tournament for charity....
October 29 will see the 50th Anniversary of Muhammad Ali’s First Professional Fight (with pics). Tempus fugit.
As a Bluejays fan, I feel sorry for Doc. Just wanted to say this...
NFL Fines Arizona DE Ricky Elmore $75,000 over Hit on Locker
Please tell me I'm not the only one who saw this hilarious cameo after the Giants won last night... 
NFL gets it right on violent hits: better now than after somebody gets killed (literally)
How come the 'C' in Celtics sounds like an 'S' and not a 'K'?
The lesson: never shave your balls for the NHL [image]
Two months ago, did anyone think that the rangers' season would last longer than the cowboys' season?
David Beckham Plays Lingerie Football For Team No Pants Against [GIF]
Lebron's New Nike Commercial, Rise
Nike &amp; Lebron do a 90 second commercial
From day one, this NBA season bears watching.
Ohno making an impact off the ice - What a cool guy
Anybody want a T206 Honus Wagner card?  One in bad condition is up for auction currently.
On this day--Emmit Smith becomes NFL's all time leading rusher 
Haye: 'This is the last time you'll see Harrison in the ring' 
With win tonight, Heat leapfrog over 20 teams in standings!
In my opinion, the Vikings losing last week was the fault of Randy Moss, not Brett Favre.
The Cleveland Cavaliers currently have a better record than the Miami Heat.
China's Field of Dreams: The Chinese are falling in love with America's national pastime. And it might not be long before a kid from Wuxi is throwing fastballs in Boston.
Was that Cliff Lee or KATHY Lee on the mound last night for the Rangers?
Announcers losing it at a high school football game after a bad call, hilarity ensues
TIL that Nolan Ryan whoops that ass
A website that tells you which ongoing games are the best
What's he best way to celebrate a Giants home run in the world series? A free joint, of course.
As Diego Maradona turns fifty, here are fifty facts about the famous Argentinean soccer player.
Allen Iverson To Turkish Media: 'Uygulama? Uygulama? Biz Uygulama Bahsediyoruz!'
After two outs in the 8th inning last night, Giants score 7 runs on 4 walks and 4 hits on 55 pitches.  That is all.
It's finally Friday. Just 36 hours till Sunday but that's plenty of time to check injuries and set your lineups. And don't forget to watch Fantasy Gameday Live on Sunday at 11:30 am (est) with Jon and Ian Milllman for Breaking News, Injury Updates, and Last Minute Advice. 10-29-2010
Patrick Ewing, 1985 draft, other sports conspiracy theories 
Death of Paul the Octopus a Bad Sign for England Football
NJ Nets.....undefeated. 
Why isn't the ball dead when the holder catches the ball with his knee down?
What do you think is the greatest sporting rivalry?
NYJ - Shaun Ellis interviews Sione Pouha - What happened the last time you played Green Bay?  We whooped their ass...wasn't even close. 
Legend has it that he once told teammates he was reincarnated and had once been a soldier in the Spanish Inquisition. He once refused to play in a game because the moon was in the wrong part of the sky.
Why is an undefeated team, on track to have the highest scoring season in history playing in what is arguably the strongest conference in the country ranked number 2?
Any ideas on where/how to watch classic Jordan games?
PGA golfer shoots a 97, including a 26-stroke penalty
Excellent article on the usage of statistics in the NBA.
Al Shahania Stud wins at US National Arabian Show
There are really only two options I can think of...
There are a lot of bad broadcasters, but these guys are the worst.
The front office was surprised to hear of Moss' release. 
In Notre Dame tragedy, Coach Brian Kelly emphasized productivity ahead of safety - Jason Whitlock
The Rangers accidentally the whole World Series.
Let the obvious posts that Giants are world champions begin!!!
I know everyone on here hates George W Bush, but this is a pretty cool video of him and his father before Game 4 of the World Series
Did SportsCenter just have a white guy dressed up as Randy Moss with an afro wig and blackface? Holy racial insensitivity, they did.
Did the Giants win the World Series?
Lee Corso fails to speak
This makes me feel like a lazy fuck
Hall of Fame manager Sparky Anderson dead at 76
Dr. Lou With Shaun White - ESPN Video
Skip the article (It's about how this school's football team sucks), but go for the comments where uppity rich kids belittle this guy for pointing out the obvious
Why the hell would Lebron want to stay here?
Marv Albert SUCKS
Why he all ways so mad?
This is something the NBA's leading rebounder, Reggie Evans, did in the past.
I forgive Lebron...
Any thoughts on NBA 2k11? I'm thinking about picking it up today.
 Bear Bryant locker room speech to incoming freshmen
Kelly Slater Wins 10th World Title....'Jordan' of Surf
Like a good manager, Peyton Manning gives feedback in a timely manner.
BBC News - UK F1 driver Jenson Button carjacked in Brazil
300lb Ndamukong Suh just took over kicking duties against the Jets
Nuns in Baltimore receive a Honus Wagner baseball card and make lots of money.
I just watched some of the worst NFL officiating ever.
LeRon McClain is a bitch-ass punk (according to Channing Crowder)
Consequences Will Never be the Same: Cowboys fire Wade Phillips, Jason Garrett to be named new head coach.
Wade Phillips’ inevitable firing completed
Nailed it.
Hey reddit! Check out who I met at a charity dinner!
r/sports...which position has the greatest potential impact on the outcome of the game?
Latest Scandal Could Finally Rid The New York Knicks Of Isiah Thomas
Jamie Buehrle congratulates her husband, Mark Buehrle, via Facebook on winning his second Gold Glove -- before the awards are announced.
Jazz vs. Heat OT Game. Anyone watching? INsane game Milsap tearing it up
I'm not a Cowboys fan, so waking up at my hotel and opening the door to this made my day. I hope it made yours!
How bad would the current Miami team lose if they played the '95-'96 Bulls team in a 7 game series?
Jim McMahon Involved in Concussion Studies: my memory's pretty much gone 
Wade Phillips has taken to panhandling to pass all of his newfound extra time. [image]
So wait...you're pretending you like football so you can get a man?.....Really?
Jerry Jones the next Al Davis?
Rex Ryan is a clown!! [VIDEO]
Attention Athletes: If you are famous, and get out of a ticket for being famous, do not tweet about it.
If Ingram voted on Heisman today, it would be Cam
How many of you hate Lebron but will watch the game tonight(against Celtics)? 
Hey /r/sports, help me figure out which historical sporting event this list of countries participated in!
Minnesota Vikings quarterback Brett Favre reiterates this will be last season - ESPN
Dave Meggett, ex-Giants, Jets, Patriots special teams player, sentenced to 30 years in sex case
Can someone please explain to me how the Heat at 5-4 are still #1 on Hollinger's Power Rankings?
The Lebron technigue. 
Sports fans, if you don't have a team in a final, do you ever cheer for the team/city that would appreciate it the most?
I found a new bug in NBA 2K11 for the Wii...and all I wanted to do was check out the box score after the game ended!
NFL, manufacturers agree there's no perfect helmet - ESPN
Gordon Hayward, Utah Jazz forward, Mormon, has a rap song.
Photo Story: 83 and Counting - The Aftermath of Another Losing Saturday in Bloomington
LeBron James clears up postgame comments about playing time - ESPN
In the ring, the is only one thing anybody wants to 
fee... I mean see... [ESPN vid] Money 
Mayweather is all about the money, not fighting 
anymore... he's afraid of Pacquiao
Support your local female contact sport team (Roller Derby 2010)
What's the Latest Move in Sports? Doing the 'Dougie' 
Lou Holtz, as Gamecocks head coach, tears into intern for botched interview, makes her cry... 
Hank Baskett must be thankful for reality TV, how else would we know how awesome the life of a fringe NFL player is? (Video)
Chris Berman's Mustache: Then and Now
Buster Posey, Natali Feliz Honored W/ ROY Awards
Lets start a NBA 2k11 Team-Up Crew(XBOX 360). Gimme your XBOX Live ID and I'll invite you. 
The US Department of Education requires that schools post their Athletic earnings ...For Example Penn State rakes in $70 mil from football 
Pats' Belichick in midst of finest coaching job of his career.
20/28 for 333 yds and 4 TD plus 8 carries for 80 yds and 2 TD...did Michael Vick just have the best game by a QB ever?
Is Vick the best 'post prison' sports performer ever?
This is why American football will always be a second class sport.
Nate Robinson- Vick was so good, dogs were rooting for him
Roy Halladay wins the NL Cy Young, receiving all 32 first place votes
Charles Barkley top plays - Lets remember that he was a pretty bad ass player at one point (before all those $5 Buck Taco Bell boxes)
Darnell Dockett Vick doing so good, he got dogs cheering for him.

Kyle Singler trick shot video
When an instructional video is needed for your fans - something could be wrong.
Why are players signed to practice squads and then released some time the next day?
Best rant of the year - Chad Dukes Sledgehammers the Redskins
Pretty Sure this is the Worst Soccer Miss of All Time
November 17, 1997-- Mario Lemieux enters the Hall of Fame. The only player to enter with over 2 PPG average
Kobe Bryant is featured with a gun in a commercial for the new Call of Duty video game, and it sends exactly the wrong message - ESPN
Didn't see this one coming. ;)
Felix Hernandez wins the AL Cy Young
Oregon Ducks Mascot terrorizes University of Houston Cougar
Michael Vick shows the true face of old sports media
Wrigley Field vs. 88,000 insane fans at Kyle Field in the most important Big 12 game of the season.
Good choice ESPN..

University of Hawaii to join Mountain West as football-only member, other sports moving to Big West
They have a lot more in common than I thought...
This picture, featuring Visa logos on the 49ers jerseys, was on the front of the Yahoo fantasy page. Is it real?
College football game at Wrigley field will only use one end zone
Wrigley confines too tight for Illini-Northwestern game
Can anyone explain why I should like soccer? 
Author Advocates Barefoot Running
An All-NY Superbowl?  (NYG vs. NYJ)
Blake Griffin MONSTER dunk.
Joey Votto wins the NL MVP! First Red to do so in 15 years!
The original Reddit?
Titans place Vince Young on IR
I'd be more impressed if you made the deer tap out
Allow me to set the scene for you...
Texas Rangers outfielder Josh Hamilton wins American League MVP award
Basketball courts should be bigger
Thanksgiving Day Football Viewer's Guide
Couple days ago I posted about the Heat losing to the lowly Pacers. They just lost again! Sure, to the Magic, but wow... 3 game losing streak. Guess they shouldn't have prematurely celebrated that championship last summer.
DAE think Joe Buck is gay and has a man crush on Troy Aikman?
Ben Roethlisberger, The Super Bowl-winning Quarterback Plays the Race Card
How many of you Redditer sports fans wager on sports? 
This is just turrible. It's time for basketball to institute a 'blow to the face' rule.
Photo Story: A Loser’s Legacy – The Waning Days of the Rich Rodriguez Era at Michigan
WTShit is with the NBA allowing referees to take points away five minutes after the basket was made.
Boise State loses to Nevada for the first time since 1998, losing all hopes for a National Championship in the process.
So after tonight's BSU-Nevada game, do non-AQ teams deserve national title shots?
NFL investigating the Broncos for possibly recording 
the 49'ers practice (could result in severe penalties)
Don Cherry has worn some outrageous outfits in the past but tonight's takes the cake.
Gilbert Arenas discusses POOPING in a teammate's shoe
Goosebumps every time.
CBS pre-game show brings Chris Henry's mom together with transplant recipients saved by his organs after his 2009 death
Throwback NBA Jersey
Fake or not...I like it
TCU to join Big East
November 29, 1924-- The Montreal Forum opens its doors for the first time 
Secret Brothers?
Not suspending for fighting?
Blake Griffin Dunk? Amar'e Approves
Derek Anderson loses it in press conference after being asked why he laughed on the bench
This is how the Lakers run the Triangle offense
Garmin Edge 500
Derek Anderson loses it in a press conference.
Alabama sound guy gets fired for trolling Cam Newton
Has anyone else recently grown really annoyed by espn.com and how their giant ads at the top of the page force you to scroll down to even see the headlines?
Bill Simmons on turning his daughter into a Celtics fan
Thanks NCAA, you sure showed them who's boss...
This guy at the WSJ calls North Carolina the Basketball Capital, but everyone knows that's not true. Indiana is, duh!
San Francisco Giants Pablo Sandoval's Weight Loss Update
How come I have never heard of the LFL?  I'm not big on women's sports, but this seems interesting.
It's shit like this, FIFA. Shit like this...
Should Peyton Manning re-sign with the Colts?
let's not be bitter now...
As much as I'd love to see James and the Heat lose tonight, I'd much rather watch a good basketball game...
LEBRON JAMES throws MIAMI HEAT COACH ERIK SPOELSTRA through a BARBER SHOP 
Yankees sign God for 2 years/$30 million
A sad day for the Cubs... yes, I know, one of the many.
Oregon and Auburn both lose this weekend. Who is in the BCS National Championship game?
Am I the only one who sees this?
Today, we celebrate/mourn the end of one of American sports' great rivalries at 8pm EST. Go Big Red. 
If you have never seen it before, this is why it is Jimmy V week on ESPN.  Prepare for tears if you watch the video.  
The worst fight song in history from the worst team in football, sung in disco style by a man in a shiny silver construction helmet.  Wow.
Question about recorded NFL games
To anyone watching the Vikes/Bills game...
Teach Me How to Drewgie
For the life of me, I cannot turn ESPN's autoplay off. How can I fix it?
hey fantasy football champs, help out the guys that cant quite get it together 
Cowboy great 'Dandy' Don Merideth passes away
NBA makes it official: league buys New Orleans Hornets | 						NOLA.com
I've just watched the Jets punter completely screw up a punt. I'm trying to think of an easier job in sports than punter...
Albert Pujols is not human, ESPN offers proof.
University of Cincinnati Mascot Arrested During Game
Angler's 405-pound yellowfin tuna is heaviest on record
Ex-Jet turns down team to remain a train conductor 
After lurking the issue forever, my two $h*†** cents on the Miami Heat.
Goddamn Snack- THE GAME. Featuring Rex Ryan.
In a move that is bound to cause controversy for uhm.. various reasons, Sylvester Stallone and Mike Tyson have just been voted into the Boxing Hall of Fame.
Don't give up, don't ever give up. A look back on Jim Valvano's famous speech 17 years later.
It's that time of year again.  Urban Meyer re-resigns as Florida Football Coach.
Reddit: Yankee's Contract Discussions w/ Jeter......
I'm a Bears fan till the day I die, but I just loved watching Suh use his HANDS to pulverize Cutler.
As a Rays fan I'd just like to say 'Congrats on all your success Carl'
EDSBS's Spencer Hall wrote brilliantly on Urban Meyer. I highly recommend this piece: He's Not There.
When NFL players dive for a loose ball, what happens in the pile stays in the pile
I found new love in Minnesota Timberwolves with this clip
My cousin and his friend writes a sports blog that has musings on all things sports.  Worth the read if you ask me.
A truly amazing victory from a truly dominant fighter, George St-Pierre belt holder
Is Aaron Rodgers a legitimate MVP candidate?
Who thinks Brett Favre will play tomorrow?
I can rock the Giants with no Metrodome, no Metrodome, no metrodome...................
Is this really a solution the the Giants Vikings problem...?
This has to be the sweetest Hockey goal I have ever seen!
Remember before Jim Rome went bigtime and used to run brutal smack? This will take you back.
Favre inactive for tonight's game. The streak is officially over. 
Favre's streak ends
Barista tries to sway Cliff Lee by placing Rangers' symbol in his coffee.
Doug Flutie discusses the Capital One Cup, politics, the art of catching a foul ball, and, of course, being a good man.
Early report: Cliff Lee to the Phillies.
Cliff Lee to Philly? I am disappoint... 
So the Heat win when LeBron accepts he's the second fiddle...
More Impressive Streak: Cal Ripken or Brett Favre?
Cliff Lee = LeBron James
Who else thinks Boise State's blue field gives them an unfair advantage?
It wasn't a rogue NY Jets coach that tripped the Dolphins player! Notice the phalanx of 8 Jets assistants standing toe-to-toe on the sideline, keeping the gunner from running out of bounds. THIS WAS PLANNED, SYSTEMATIC.
Sorry Phillies fans. THIS is the greatest rotation of all time.
Save more money as you shaping up your bodies, the P90X Package would cut off the gym membership fee and lots of dollars on fitness equipments. Boost your Fitness Performance to the top with P90X Peak Results Package
15-year-old Kareem Abdul Jabbar on the Ed Sullivan Show
For some reason, I couldn't stop laughing when I saw that this headline made ESPN's front page
I'm not a Patriots fan but I think I might have a man crush on Tom Brady. 
Which Is More Dangerous: Boxing Or MMA? [Stats &amp; Facts]
Hall of Fame pitcher Bob Feller, 92, dies of leukemia
Make the best fight picks for the next UFC and win $1,000. Very nice.
Let the Women Fly - The calendar may say 2010, but for women ski jumpers it’s still feeling like the 1950s when men competed and women watched. Ski jumping is the only winter Olympic event that doesn’t have a female competition.
When it comes to legendary talent, the WWE has been incredibly fortunate. For nearly three decades now, fans have swarmed stadiums looking to catch a glimpse of these modern day Hercules in action.
Does the winner of the NFC West deserve a home playoff game?
When you’re 22 and live in New York, you simply don’t know what an exciting basketball game feels like
J.R. Smith absolutely ruins Gary Neal
I'm now a Mark Cuban fan!
Bears at Vikings game set for University of 
Minnesota as Metrodome roof keeps falling - ESPN  
(THE NFL IS IMPLODING BECAUSE FARVE WON'T 
LEAVE)
LeBron James finally arrived at Madison Square Garden on Friday, 51 days and 26 games later than expected
He's gotta have Asian in his blood...
I believe LeBron and Leo would get along swimmingly...
Mike Tolbert gets drilled while trying to make a special teams tackle.
Does anyone know a good site to stream NFL games for free?
So apparently Mickey Mantle had an outstanding 
experience at Yankee Stadium (NSFW - Language) 
[PDF]
I'm not happy for Michael Vick.... Why the hell should i be.. Bah! Humbug!
If you send a woman a picture of your junk, it should be humongous, it shouldn't be small. That's one of the Ten Commandments. -- Charles Barkley
If you've ever skied or snowboarded, this will blow your mind.
ESPN Sportscenter Commercials
If at first you don't succeed ...
Can't decide who has a bigger mancrush on brett favre.. Trent Dilfer or John Madden.. Anyone?
This kid has some skills.
Dear Reddit Sports, My friend Matt is currently sitting in 3rd place for his Offseason Plan on Amazin Avenue. Can you guys help vote him up to first place?
How to pick the right bass boat is a series of questions the boat buyers needs to ask themselves before buying a boat so they are satisfied with the boat they purchase.
TIL Kobe Bryant has played on Christmas more than any other day
New York: The City That Never Sleeps
NBA star Steve Nash reportedly doesn’t want to pay permanent spousal support
the Indians do something pretty cool with their park this winter
NFL player's mom calls him out in locker room. Lombardi would be proud.
The NCAA Undermines Its Own Principles Once Again
Swedish hockey fans rioting. Way to go Swedes! That's how it's done. [Youtube]
Manny Pacquiao vs. Shane Mosley showdown set for May 7th - KocoSports.com
If you still think Gilbert Arenas is a thug, read this (warning: ESPN material. The sad kind!)
Taurasi Faces Olympic Ban for Positive Test 
There's no one on reddit who can do this
Magic destroy the Celtics on Christmas day.
This about sums up being a Cleveland Browns fan.
Team Canada Defeats Russia 6-3 In Their Opening Game for the 2010 IIHF World Jr Championship
Hester's juke injures Jets safety Ihedigbo 
Can you post articles to reddit sports?
Sergio Kindle arrested for drunken driving
The Cubs troll for Ron Santo's replacement on a comms job board
BCS bias? I don't see it. Oh wait...
Hi, I'm a Texans fan
and the most popular sport according to Reddit is...
Hawkeye running back Robinson cited for marijuana possession. 
Team Canada Way’ is often a ticket to gold
11 Crazy Football Trick Plays
England beats Australia in Melbourne to retain Ashes
On this day in 1957 the Detroit Lions won their last Championship... Go Lions?
history of NHL referee's jerseys
Hey Reddit, what do you think about the vikings beating the eagles? I say it's no biggie.
Michael Vick among five Eagles selected to Pro Bowl, but Vikings win could deter his MVP
r/Sports: As promised, I am making a commitment to better health &amp; fitness and starting a wellness challenge for the new year. Who's with me?
Congratulations Tucker Carlson - you're a giant asshole
Liverpool FC manager Roy Hodgson will soon get the sack - here is a tribute
The Lions have a shot this year
Mixture Mug: Give me the famous Anfield support, pleads under-fire Liverpool boss Hodgson, as Kop calls for King Kenny. Pressure was mounting on boss Roy Hodgson as Liverpool slumped to a 1-0 home defeat against Wolves..
I typically dislike Gregg Easterbrook's columns, but this is a bit much, even for Deadspin. His unwanted all-pro column is great every year. 
Can anyone tell me a good site to Stream the Holiday bowl?
Last NFC Wild Card Team: 2010 Who will it be? Packers, Giants, Bucs | Armchair Report
UFC 125 Frankie Edgar vs Gray Maynard 2 MMA Fight Video
NEW KU ATHLETIC DIRECTOR, will he perform to expectations?

Apparently the Vikings had to wait until the offseason to promote interim coach Leslie Frasier because of a rule which says that at least one minority candidate must be interviewed. The WTF part: Frasier is black.
Even after 20 years in the NFL, people still can't get his name right
The Case for Plaxico Burress Returning to the Giants
What the crap is on Stanford's helmets??
Team Canada Defeats Team USA in the World Juniors Hockey Tournament
Whatever happened to the AND1 Mixtape tour and streetball? 
We look forward to the very best Sporting Events of 2011
Jamaal Charles's YPC was .02 inches short of setting the highest rushing average for a season
Lying masseuses! Wait are we really defending Favre?!?
Official 2011 Reddit Baseball Hall of Fame Ballot - Vote!
It's about time!
Sports fans ask Roger Goodell to guarantee 2011 season will be played since fans have invested over $6.5 billion in stadiums - NYTimes.com
Jim Rome is justifying the media questioning Jim Harbaugh about his future immediately after his Orange Bowl victory because nobody really cares about Stanford. Fuck you Jim Rome. 
Tiger Woods PGA Tour 12: His name is still on the cover, but you'll be hard pressed to notice it...or even Tiger Woods himself. 
Why the 8-8 2006 Giants Weren't Much Better than the 7-9 2010 Seahawks
Rich Rodriguez not yet fired.
Check it out this in to read Garmin HR monitor review!!
Seriously, how hot is number 16?
Texans hire Wade Phillips as defensive coordinator
Communism has prevailed
Wow Cam Newton is at a basketball game....school and preparing for the national championship is on the back seat. Gentlemen, he needs as much tv face time as possible. 
Why does the head coach of Nebraska hate America?
I know this is a very sensitive subject and some people might take this the wrong way, but why do minorities (Latinos and African Americans to be specific) hop on bandwagons so much?
Epic Marathon Finish: First Place Runner Runs Wrong Way, Loses [vid]
I have found the perfect metaphor for Ryan Leaf's NFL career. (re-post from r/WTF)
Why has the Colts Running Game Improved?
But coach, I don't care that I'm a Pro Bowl receiver, I want to try something else 
Freeney at Defensive Tackle: Frame by Frame Breakdown
Even Oregon thinks these helmets are jank
Power Balance bracelets athletes wear have no scientifically backed benefits
The Seahawks are proudly the worst team ever to make the NFL playoffs
poor stamkos... but this shit is hilarious!
Harbaugh staying at Stanford + Bonus best pic of Elway yet.  Thanks CBS Sports
Matt Garza traded to the Cubs in an 8 player deal. 
Jim Harbaugh set to be hired as head coach of the San Francisco 49ers.


The reality is that this phony outrage over Vick’s past treatment of dogs has little to do with the crime that he had been convicted of but more likely a reflection of the deep-seeded racial prejudice of black men with money. (x post from /r/)
NCAA rules Kentucky's Enes Kanter permanently ineligible
Now all y'all Pac-10/Oregon supporters need to remember a little somethin' before the big game Monday...
7-9 + 24-17 = improbable
That Marshawn Lynch run needs a name, like Immaculate Reception only about running
They just flashed to Manning after the winning kick and what is he doing?  Grilling the guy who dropped the catch...
Why is nobody talking about the Colts taking a timeout before the Edwards catch?
Rex Ryan nearly lost and subsequently won a playoff game due to feet in the span of 54 seconds.
Hey bartender, I'll have a Michael Vick! and other drinks named after athletes.
Turtle Stew:  Duke Readies For Maryland in Sunday Night Showdown
Cavs switch hotels to avoid Heat in LA
Did Bob Costas burn Michael Jordan on national tv? MJ's wife called out
Did you know that Animal House was filmed on campus at the University of Oregon?
Walt Frazier wore some pretty conventional kicks last night
Rex Ryan: This is about Bill Belichick versus Rex Ryan. There's no question, it's personal. It's about him against myself. That's what it's going to come down to.
A tough day for Oregon State football. We love you and wish you the best in the NFL, Quizz!
Special instructions Draw duck on box Go Oregon!
Hey Oregon fans
Dyer Was Down: A Comparative Forensic Analysis
Impact Sensors Slated for NFL Helmets Next Season 
Thank you DJ Gallo for introducing me to the worst song I'll hear all playoffs
Michigan names Brady Hoke as new coach
Father of Cam Newton attended BCS National Championship Game; Photo showing he hugged son.
Metro.us - Angelo Cataldi thinks Reid, Birds belong in an asylum
Floyd shocks Irish and stays - WSBT South Bend
I'm sorry this has happened to you Indiana basketball...
Rex Ryan - Peter Griffin A+++ photoshop
I need someone to go to the AFC Championship with me!!
The best video ever made about sabermetrics
I'm starting to get the feeling the LeBron James just doesn't 'get' it....
This is maybe the greatest 'sports' video EVER...
Bret Favre's sister arrested in meth lab raid.
  The Highest-Paid Baseball Player In Each Of The Last 25 Years
As requested: IAmA line setter at a sportsbook. AMA [xpost from r/sportsbook]
Maria Sharapova will try to make a comeback to her tennis career with Australia Open 2011. She is training hard in Melbourne.
Reason #3423 Rick Reilly is an idiot.
Hockey crowd sings after 8-year-old's national anthem glitch
It's not Lebron's fault that he can't compose his own Tweets
Will Harbaugh's recruiting finally turn the 49ers around in 2011?
McDonald's employee fired for letting Peterson use the restroom
Great Anti-Pats song by Jets Fan
How can you tell who's not a sports fan?
The college version of the Marshawn Lynch Run.
Horrid call made by referee during basketball game. 
This is what the hottest derby of Greek basketball is like. A little cultural diffrence....
Hopefully the last video involving feet, Jets and Patriots.
Am I the only one who notices this about Kenny Albert?
Bart Scott, post-game interview: I suffer from voice immodulation. I'm unable to control the pitch or volume of my voice.
Try and hate the magic after this.
A Lego Ohio Stadium = awesome
This guy is from Akron. Was it the Lebron Betrayal that pushed him over the edge?
EPIC FAIL
Blake Griffin is all kinds of awesome, but he needs a nickname
To all the non believers.. see you in Pittsburgh...Cant wait 
Get over it Cindy, there's no crying in Hockey.
See? It just took some time for the Heat to gel, and now they're unstoppable. Oh wait. Two injuries and they suddenly have a four game losing streak. Nevermind.
The Australian Open in Tennis marks the beginning of a new Tennis Season: Nadal, Federer, Djokovic, Roddick, Wozniacki, Williams, Henin - It will be a great year with some of the sports BEST EVER players playing, come follow along and join us in /r/tennis !
Why you should never use a budget racquet in a professional tennis match
Tracing the N.F.L.'s Oldest Rivalry
Just doesn't get much better than the NFL
I love Space Invaders too!
WSJ.com - College Basketball's Next Power?
Buckeyes' return a testament to Tressel. The article is also a testament to the integrity of Adam Rittenburg.
The controversial practice of oversigning is finally starting to get the attention this ugly practice deserves.
Has Ben Roethlisberger really changed? In Pittsburgh, the jury is still out.
Some charts for all you baseball lovers
3 out of 4 NFL teams left have a Northwestern graduate.  Go Catz!
A giant bag of dong tells it like it is
The best way to stop Blake Griffin? Wait for play time.
Watch the music video and support my dad!
New York Yankees, Andruw Jones agree to 1-year deal - ESPN New York
Well this is awkward...
Griffin Is Good, But Is He A Superstar?
The winner in ESPN's 3 million person Fantasy Football contest is a homeless man who doesn't have his own computer.
Homeless guy wins $3500 Best Buy gift card in fantasy football, Mom gives him $2500 for it. What a...
Prince Fielder Explains Complexities Of Salary Arbitration Using Cheeseburgers
Joe Buck:I'm more into what is happening on the field than to hearing myself talk
230 Straight Wins And Counting
Glow-in-the-dark surfer Mark Visser rides JAWS at night...like a boss!
BEARZ fans: A video to rival the 2006 video montage
watching soccer can be cool sometimes
Pepsi Ad For The Packers-Bears Game [Video] -  LupeFiasco.com
Obama picks bears over packers.
Party in the O-S-U
Texas Longhorns sell soul of the Big 12 in $300million deal
Say the name on the back of their jerseys three times fast...
One of these things is not like the others...
How is this guy still an announcer? 
Is it just me or does ESPN keep making the same mistake about the Bears?
So what is everyone watching until the start of the game at 3:00?
Oh gosh darn it don't ya know... I'm a cheesehead baby, the pride of Wisconsin!
Sarkisian: 'I want to be here for a long, long time' | UW Football
Meet The Man Who Stands Between 2,000 Of The World's Best NFL Athletes And 32 Billionaire Owners
Caleb Hanie has a posse. I just added this last line to his rapidly-updating wikipedia page.
Packers Super Bowl... (x/post)
In case you missed it: Jet's QB Mark Sanchez totally wiped a booger on his backup...
I don't see nothing wrong with a little bump and grind
...if you’ve seen the abuse Cutler has taken behind inconsistent blocking and some awful play-calling, then you’re an idiot if you questioned the severity of Cutler’s injury. The issue, in fact, shouldn’t have been Cutler’s toughness, but whether he might’ve needed surgery.
Sanchez picks his nose at the AFC Championship game!
The 86-Foot Buzzer Beater  
My husband wants me to call out sick so he can watch football
DAE think that the worst part of the Steelers going to the Super Bowl is not having Rex Ryan run his mouth for 2 weeks for the world to hear?
Checked out Erin Andrews' Facebook page and noticed something interesting...
Andy Gray sacked by Sky for offensive behaviour
Can you imagine, if these hats had caught on in baseball? Somebody please shop/gimp this on a modern pic!
A Chicago-area car salesman was fired for wearing a Packers tie. How did that conversation transpire? - Page 2: Humor, columns, commentary, lists and analysis from ESPN.com&amp;rsquo;s Page 2 - ESPN
Read The Ridiculous Letter/Rant This Hedge Fund Manager Wrote To UCONN's Athletic Director
Charles Barkley criticized critics of Chicago Bears quarterback Jay Cutler 
Apparently, no one can take a basketball from Ed Davis.
Exertional rhabdomyolysis? What kind of workout caused Iowa football players to head to the hospital?
Best thing I've read on espn.com in a while.
Im a Celtics fan yet....
NBA Franchise Values - Knicks Top the List
Does football have a future? - The NFL and the concussion crisis
Real Madrid label new boy Emmanuel Adebayor a 'physical marvel' - ESPN Soccernet
I never watch soccer, but I always assumed they over dramatized the announcers in spoofs
Times are tough for the tennis champion. Roger Federer has taken $1,100 in towels from Australian Open.
The comeback starts today
Kid gets tossed from B-Ball for the rest of the season for punching an opponent in the eye, and his mom expresses... surprise? 
Report: Jeff Fisher out as Tennessee Titans coach  - ESPN
How the BCS Would Rationalize their Rankings for World War 2
Jeff Fisher out as Tennessee Titans coach after 16 seasons - ESPN
NBA flopping :(
Catching up with Tamir Goodman, aka 'The Jewish Jordan' - The Dagger  - NCAAB&amp;nbsp; - Yahoo! Sports
Jimmer Fredette or Kemba Walker ... who you got for POY?
Rodgers/Leinart and Pre-YouTube Era Gameday Commercials
The truth about Kobe Bryant in crunch time - TrueHoop Blog - ESPN
Lil Wayne Is Mad At LeBron And Dwyane Wade
NFL's Top 10 Beards of all time
Superbowl XLV:  Please somebody explain why Packers are favored and for what reason.  How do they determine point spreads? 
Bill Fucking Murray! Murray’s response to his request? 'Nitschke is a pussy!'
Kansas Dominates K-State, Starts New Home Winning Streak
Uhhhhh, what is going on with the score in this Pro Bowl game???
The Packers are going to win....Just Face it.
Scientists put a microchip in the ball that can determine its exact location. 
So after Herschel Walker won his fight this weekend I found out that he might actually be Bill Brasky
xx-posted with r/soccer and r/reddit.com: A Plea From Redditch United.
Greatest sports pep talks ever
Ines Sainz at Super Bowl Media Day never disappoints.
Steeler's center Maurkice Pouncey probable for Superbowl Sunday
Devils Owner Vanderbeek Said to Be Seeking Buyer for NHL Team
The Best and Worst of the NHL in 2010-2011 (w/video)
Goodell deserves this
Tyson Chandler's Punch-Out!
You dont't see that anymore!
Purdue banned from recruiting Florida HS after pulling a kid's football scholarship due to injury
Steven A returning to ESPN!!
As if you needed another reason to root for the Packers and Clay Matthews check out his off season workouts with Jay Glazer
R.I.P channelsurfing.net kramers
Shaq has come off the bench just nine times in 1,205 career games. I didn't realize he was still playing!
Harrison Barnes starting to kill it. Would you draft him or Kyrie Irving with 1st pick?
Ben Roethlisberger faces a different blitz
NCAA to Smack Tennessee, Lane Kiffin 
USU fan's sing I'm A Little Tea Pot. With accompaning Wild Bill costume.
What are your plans for superbowl sunday?
Andy Pettitte Decides to Retire - NYTimes.com
Impersonations of Jon Gruden &amp; Shannon Sharpe on Super Bowl XLV I think Johnny Cage is going to win 
You wanna go?
Since there will be no cheerleaders at this year's Super Bowl, I put together this gallery of the hottest cheerleader pics I could find. Hope you enjoy!
My day at the NFL Experience in Dallas, including an interview with the great Jerry Rice [video]
The Amazing Transformation of Ben Roethlisberger
U.S. Steel workers will face sever disciplinary action if they miss work to watch the Super Bowl
Uh oh: 7 injured, 1 critically, because of falling ice at Cowboys Stadium
Because I always wanted to make A-Rod dance like the idiot he is.  And because you do too.
David Stern selects Kevin Love to replace Yao Ming at All-Star Game - ESPN
If only this was real...
Why The Black Eyed Peas Aren't Getting Paid For Their Super Bowl Gig
Cavaliers match record with 23rd loss in row 
Why The Black Eyed Peas Aren't Getting Paid For Their Super Bowl Gig
Micky vs. Marky: The Same Fight Twice
In time for the Superbowl: For those of us who don't have a tv connection and have used adthe.net in the past here is a link to their new site.
Troy Polamalu's phonetically spelled last name is far too hard for these celebs and athletes to spell.
Visa Curse? 1 of 4-man group to never miss a Super Bowl will miss this year's
Brady adds to awards haul, first unanimous choice for MVP
Who Dat!
ATDHEnet.tv  doesn't seem to have a link for the superbowl, what are my alternatives for streaming it?
Steven Seagal helped Anderson Silva with KO front kick
Before game, Dallas Morning News: Pitt in landslide victory.  Halftime: Page not found
Observation: The Super Bowl Halftime show was a sequence of Cell Phone Ringtones
Women Commentators 
The Packers withstood the Steelers' second-half rally and held on to capture their fourth Lombardi Trophy
Starr, Favre and Rodgers. What do they have in common?
My body was not ready for the halftime show.
Goofy teaches us how to play football in 1944
You all doubted me.
Green Bay Packers have all the makings of a dynasty 
How 'The Fridge' lost his way - William Perry acknowledges alcoholism, insists he's not putting himself in jeopardy
The last mention on Brett Favre I will ever make
American Football: What if there were two kinds of interceptions, like baseball's wild pitch and passed ball?
this boxer has one hell of a costume, that he wears into the ring
Ok reddit. So we have seen the worst Superbowl Halftime show ever... Now what is your favorite/ best?
Expanded Space at Elite Athlete Training Facility
NBA Referees: Crossing the Line
Emmit Smith tweets more than any human alive.
R.I.P. Cesare Rubini. Italian basketball and water polo legend dies at 87.
James Harrison of the Steelers raging at a post Superbowl party last night
Greg Jennings forgot the Whoop.. bet you missed this the first time :)
Matt Stafford: Extremely accurate pump faker
LeBron wants to be the only headline
ESPN on the xbox is completely worthless if your provider is not an affiliate of espn3.
Herm Edwards gives the lowly Cavs a pep talk, and pwns all.
Remember when Brent Celek posed as the Captain last season?
Spoiled Athlete (my first attempt at one of these...)
25 Years Later Spud Webb Still Dunks!
After a year plus of lurking, I found something hilarious enough to justify creating an account:  Sport of the Week:  Hockern aka Freestyle Sitting
Cavaliers tie Tampa Bay Buccaneers' record for professional sports futility
I was pulling for the Packers...
 Jerry Sloan to resign as coach of Utah Jazz - ESPN
The End of an Era: Jerry Sloan retires from coaching in the NBA.
Boston Celtics veteran Ray Allen set to pass Reggie Miller's career 3-point record - ESPN Boston
fuck the beaver..this is how I know spring is around the corner..
NFL Labor Talks Canceled as Lockout Looms Larger Than Ever 
Ford Asks NASCAR To Approve Ford Mustang For 2013 Sprint Cup Series
NHL: Penguins v. Islanders combine for 346 minutes in penalties...in one game
3 star recruit with a 6 inch waist somehow plays football
X-Post from r/NFL. Italian Green Bay Packers fan travels to Dallas without Super Bowl ticket, ends up on Packers sideline for the game and in Aaron Rodgers' I'm going to Disney World video.
This guy made an Ebbets Field model complete with lights...amazing
Karl Malone on Jerry Sloan: ...we have to be very careful of when inmates start running the asylum.
If the Pac-12 wants its domain name, it has to go through Tupac 
As a former wrestler, nothing was more awkward than wrestling a girl. Congrats to these two though.
Apparently Carmelo Anthony thinks he is God.
5 Things You Didn’t Know About Bill Russell 
Why is it so hard to find video of the Rooney goal?
Trolling baseball pitcher
What would you do if you found your girlfriend in bed with your best friend?
Learn about baseball players who have won Presidential Medal of Freedom
Forsberg's comeback falls short - retires after two games
Huge Shoulders For a Small Waist 
Only impending death could stop this guy from attending the Super Bowl
Ronaldo VS. Remi Gaillard. 
National Enquirer Says OJ Simpson Was Brutally Beaten Up In Prison
Tim Donaghy talks about being a good man and a good father. Stop laughing.
Ten Years Later, Dale Earnhardt Still Irreplaceable
Is it traditional to give a QB the MVP for the performance of his team in the Super Bowl? I wrote a paper. :)
Some of the most amazing goalkeeper tricks in this video
Sorry Nascar, you just lost another life long fan.
Chicken Wing Super Bowl Prediction - This guy is 17-0 for the last 17 super bowls
11 MLB Players and Personnel We Would Not Want to Be in 2011
Made a wp7 app to show live scores
Michael Vick smart for dodging Oprah Winfrey's couch
christian eyenga with the dunk of the night....lebron who?
Some N00b In Dubai Makes A Michael Jordan Statue, Puts The Wrong Number On It
LA radio spot rips Cavs in a promotion for tonights game......FAIL
Amazing 92-foot Alley-Oop By Dwyane Wade
Farcelona has fallen to Arsenal!!
Pennant: an app that lets you view stats and individual plays from every MLB game played since 1950. Oh, and it's got an awesome interface to boot.
The Art of Flight
Arrest Made in Toomer's Corner Poisoning
Why doesn't the crowd sing and chant at American sports events?
Why the new Bill Simmons project will succeed
A couple thoughts about Blake Griffin's dunks...
Best dunk contest dunks broken down by sportsscience. I wish I was that athletic
I watched this movie probably more than a hundred times when I was a little kid and it holds up over time.  Is it just me or does this go in the Sports Movies Hall of Fame?
60 Foot Wave Surfed
Did LeBron's Departure Cost Cavs Owner $100 Million?

Blake Griffin Anthology (all 137 Dunks...so far)
The most ridiculous offside ever given 
Basketball Jones-Scent of an All-Star (crosspost from r/NBA)
The Knicks Have Lost Control of the Carmelo Trade
So the Sacramento Queens could possibly be the Anaheim Kings next season. Lets see how this plays out...
Never seen football players so scared.
Geographic map of pro football fans [xpost from /r/pics]
Goosebumps every single time. 
Carmelo Anthony Traded To New York Knicks!
Jay Cutler's Year in Pics: Cavallari, Concussions, Jay Face, Mocking &amp; More
In light of Melo's trade, here are the 10 best NBA 
players.  (But no KG??)
The greatest sports film of all time is on cartoon network right now.
Talk about dedication...wow!
DFW Digs Dirk Music Video
Question about the Carmelo Anthony trade...
Deron Williams traded to Nets
Rankigns: Top 10 Teams In College Baseball
'Los Angeles Stadium' Developer John Semcken Says NFL Naming Rights Will Surpass AEG's Downtown Deal With Farmers
La auténtica colchoneta de puntas sueca
The bank is open
Have you chosen sports betting over sex? (No elaboration necessary.) This is an issue.
NBA's new pyramid of power
Mens 100 metres world record 1910-&gt;2010. 100 years...and quite a lot has happened! Chart showing the progression for mens 100 meters... 
When did this become acceptable behaviour?
Creative way to get a free kick - Ecuador vs Chilie
Steve Nash is amazing...16 3-ptrs in 1 minute
On using medical hardship scholarships to build a better team: It's a business, ... College football is all about politics. And this is a loophole in the system.
 
i KNEW kia was going to do something with this for some type of advertisement
Former Dodger Duke Snider dies at 84
UFC 128: Shogun vs Jones. Who will win?
Alpaca Scott
Iran threatens to boycott 2012 Olympics after it claims that logo spells out Zion
Why do professional athletes keep firearms in their lockers?
Any college baseball fans out there?  Come on over to http://www.reddit.com/r/collegebaseball/  - now with team logos!
Beadle from SportsNation sits down with Charlie Sheen..
Brandon Huff is a kid in Ohio looking for someone to sponsor his car. I don't know him, I don't know if he's a good driver, but what the heck Reddit, anyone know a sponsor? 
Eerie: Six members of the 1994 AFC Champion San Diego Chargers have died young
The Sequel to the Movie 300.. Staring
Biggest World Cup upset: O'Brien smashes fastest WC ton to beat England
Packers release A.J. Hawk
7-year-old Wrestler Demolishes Opponents
Brandon Davies Suspended for Violating BYU Honor Code - for having sex
Are there any good youtube channels to follow for sports highlights? Like fox sports, espn, things other than that?
Teen hits winning shot, dies. 
The Indians were even less PC back in the day
We Are All Dave McKenna XXVIII
Why does the NBA use Los Spurs or El Heat instead of Espuelas and Calor?
5'11 basketball with 50 vertical - holy hell.
I know I'm going to be blasted for this, but why does everyone here hate the Miami Heat so much?
Is it wrong that this makes me smile?  I think this is what happens when narcissists come back down to earth.
Miami Heat players moved to tears after another close loss...When the Miami Heat come to your city, don't boo them. Just laugh!!
Miami's tears should give opponents reason to worry
I wonder if Ohio State will get punished for this?
Year in, year out, regardless of performance - which team or sport matters the most to the city you live in?
Possible video of crying in the Heat's locker room.
Any other college basketball fans with me?
Hey Arthur Blank, how big is your...you know?
A Crying Shame: Why Erik Spoelstra Must Go
Tiki Barber plans to unretire, play again in 2011 NFL season
If Gus Johnson announced soccer....
Holy Cow, can you believe this catch without dropping his beer???
OSU Power Forward Jared Sullinger's favorite song is Miley Cyrus's Party in the USA. ESPN reports.
Wow
Champions, le formazioni di Totteham-Milan
Braves Minor League manager recovering after being hit in the face with a line drive during Spring Training game in Florida
Worlds are colliding: Charlie Sheen throws Ryan Mallet under the drug bus on Dan Patrick Show.
If Rajon Rondo is the future of the Celtics, I like his chances against the Heat if he keeps this up.
Third-Grader Beats The Buzzer With An Epic Hail Mary Throw (video)
I just found Jordan's second game as a pro...yeah he looks amazing!
Looks like the writers at ESPN trust spellcheck a little too much
A few days ago this young man was hit from behind. This is his second major concussion this year. His career is over. The other guy received no punishment. No Penalty! No Suspension! Forget the Chara hit! Watch this!
The mercy rule for this game didn't stop at 10 runs, but 5 innings. So the winning team put up 54 runs without trying before it ended.
My (humble) take on coach Jim Tressel
UW buzzer beater to win PAC-10!
Scumbag CBS
Better Bracket Maker: A simple, Facebook-integrated March Madness bracket maker
Am I the only one who still scours the internets in search for the old Michigan Fab Five oldskew Jerseys and Shorts?
Seth Greenberg on Va Tech getting snubbed (again), Just disappointed. You almost wonder if someone in that room has their own agenda and that agenda doesn’t include Virginia Tech. Just plain and simple. I totally wonder it, if someone in that room has an agenda...
Unfortunately, Ichiro plays the same position as this guy. Shocking that he hasn't won a Gold Glove Award yet.
Chicago Bears Fans, report in here please!
Don't worry guys, they've got enough cash.. I was worried for a second
Road Rage on bicyclist caught on tape in Colorado
NBA Referee Bill Spooner Sues Reporter Jon Krawczynski for Tweet
memphis grizzlies, 2011 nba champions
Calciomercato: il Napoli su Mexes
Ottavi Champions, Bayern Monaco-Inter le formazioni
NFL may be engaged in consumer fraud for soliciting season ticket payments for next season. They should stop immediately. 
MLS First Kick is tonight! As a huge Major League Soccer fan, I'd like to extend an invitation to all Reddit sports fans to take a look at our league.
Champions: Impresa Inter, Bayern Monaco battuto per 3-2
Hey Reddit! I made a Reddit March Madness Pool! Hope you enjoy!
The Buffalo Sabres are getting trolled tonight...
College wrestling at a crisis in America....3 programs dropped in one week.
Obama plays it safe with his bracket again
Jenn Sterger sues manager Phil Reese for return of Brett Favre sexts
Aztecs @ Practice - two half court shots, self alley-oop in 40 seconds. LET THE MADNESS BEGIN~
While Adidas is going All in, Nike dreams of a better world - Well done Nike, well done
I feel stupid asking, but can someone explain to me wtf is up with the football strike, and why there might not be football this year?
Kenny Smith talks about March Madness, the NBA, and being a good man
TEACH ME HOW TO JIMMER!!
I don't know about you guys, but this commercial playing every 15 minutes during March Madness is driving me fucking crazy.
SomePeopleThink Ochocinco is a businessman and a business… man
What are your favorite sports What-if's?
It would mean the world to this man if you helped him out
Butler continues their trend of crazy March Madness upsets...
CBS has the WORST montage music i have ever seen for the NCAA tournament.
WWE Wrestler John Cena circa 1997 (wearing #57)
Sumo wrestler sets Guinness World Record as heaviest man to finish a marathon
Downhill Carnage
The Spanish Gus Johnson is pretty good at his job, even if he loses his voice [vid]
My 'Coin Flip' bracket is currently in the 99th percentile at Yahoo.
Big Ten hockey conference is approved by the ADs, now up to vote by Big Ten Chancellors.
So now ESPN is written by The Onion? (Dez Bryant ridiculous but true story)
I figured this went in r/sports instead of r/food:All 68 NCAA Tournament Teams Ranked by Their Best Drunk College Food
Current ESPN poll: Is Barry Bonds a Hall of Famer?
Remember Dave Duerson? The football player that shot himself in the heart so his brain could be studied. His autopsy report was released - before his suicide, he neatly laid out documents on the dining room table. He placed two framed certificates and a folded American flag at the head of the bed.
What You Need To Know About The New NFL Rule Changes
Chad Ochocinco begins tryouts with MLS. 
Buck Showalter Rips Jeter and Theo Epstein
are there no friggin indians here...how come nobody's talking about our amazing victory in the cricket world cup!
Great Moments in History with Gus Johnson
Duke is really about fuck up my bracket.
Coming out- will professional football ever come to terms with homosexuality?
Notre Dame's Mike Golic, Jr. and Brandon Newman cover the 1980's hit Africa
Violent Dunk
The NFL better plan some serious Fan Appreciation events after the lockout, because I have a feeling they are losing a generation of fans with their ineptitude.
Jim Tressel Told Terrell Pryor's Mentor About Possible NCAA Violations, But Didn't Tell His Bosses
Former US Men's National Team and MLS player Alexi Lalas will be doing an AMA on /r/MLS. Ask him anything.
Do you guys think there's room for gladiatorial combat in our society?
For Phillies, The Door is Open; Who Will Close It?
DAE almost exclusively watch live sporting events delayed when watching at home?
Is this the worst game face....ever?
Tyson vs Ali, both in their prime. Who would win?
The [blank] Index
Let's watch this again, Miller to Batum.
Grigor Dimitrov lost in first round of Miami Masters
From the Phour Corners-With All the Injuries, Are the Phillies Still the Team to Beat?
The Case for Dwight Howard for 2011 NBA MVP
D-Rose for MVP
Artificial clouds in Qatar? The Simpsons did it first
National League team trends since 2000 (heat map)
MILFtacular Ben-Gals cheerleader's bounceback from being dumped by her husband for a younger woman to be made into a movie!
Jose Canseco attempts to have his twin brother Ozzie fight in his place in a celebrity boxing match, gets caught, still wants the money
Ways to win at football
BBC Sport - Football - Football League Goals of the Week
BBC News - East Coast rail delays spark passenger anger
Pitch Perfect: MLS has been careful with its growth as it draws more fans in new cities (Good General overview)
Noisy fans ruin Moment of Silence for Japan at US-Argentina soccer match.
Someone tried to start a ‘Brett Favre to the Panthers’ rumor
After reading this I wonder just how many athletes have it.
Shaka Smart has inspired me to care about college basketball (who am I kidding, basketball in general). Woo Hoo Kenyon College pride!
VCU Rams vs Butler : Preview
Fiesta Bowl: President John Junker Spent Bowl Money On Strip Clubs And Illegal Donations
The Forgotten King: 6 Reasons Why Lebron is the 2011 NBA MVP
Karma is what, LeBron?
Check out the ESPN main page! It's the most intense and exciting game of the year. It's Pakistan vs India in World Cup Semifinal.
Hockey retaliation shot ends in broken jaw
ESPN predicts the 2011 MLB season
Reaction to Carlos Silva Release
Buy some canned butter corn, get free Timberwolves tickets...taking desperation to a new level 
Top 10 NBA Bloopers of the Season
It's Opening Day, my brother is a Yankees fan, other brother a Red sox fan....what fan am i!
Which finger would Charles Barkley put a championship ring on?
Everything in it's right place: 2011 Chicago baseball preview
Why do skaters need to wear their helmets in NHL shootouts?
Grew up a baseball fan, can hardly bring myself to watch a game after the last few years of asshattery involved in the league :(
As Baseball season begins, Canada will never forget.
How I feel on Opening Day.
WOOOOOWOOOOOO!!!WOOOOO!!!!
ASTROSSSSS
Blake Griffin is going to have some competition if this guy makes it to the NBA - Jacob Tucker
This Just In-Going to a Yankees Game is not Cheap | NYSF: The New York Sports Fan
This is what I think of opening day.
Butler Bulldog Mascot hitching a ride to the Final Four Tournament
Can you guess the only team in NBA history to have two rookies post triple-doubles in the same season?
I know it's a million years old now, but when I think about how bad Shaq is at free throws, and how he never improved (at times seemed unwilling to even care), it makes me angry.
7 Athletes Who Had A Second Career In Sports
From the Phour Corners-Sixers or Flyers? Who Will Go Further?
Would you rather load your NCAA basketball team with talented 5 star recruit freshmen who will be one and done, or would you load your team with 2-3 star recruits that will stick around for 4 years?
Sorry Mets fans
Softball Legend Jennie Finch Discusses Retirement, Family and Future Plans
If Basketball if tip-off and Football is kick-off, Baseball is first pitch what are all the other sports? Hockey, Soccer, Track, Curling, Racing (cars)? Help me out!!!
My Gf and I went to the Yankees opening day game.
What was with the rims?
Just a Reminder, Before the Tournament: The NCAA  bans Jim Calhoun of Connecticut Huskies from three Big East games and Put them on Probation
Sick ball skills from a second grader...
UNC Basketball team ballin with students [video]
A urine sample that baseball home run king Barry Bonds submitted in 2003 was positive for banned performance enhancing drugs, the former director of a University of California Lab said Tuesday in Bonds' perjury trial.
NBA Draft Rankings, post-NCAA title edition
What was that, Nate Silver?
UConn might have won the national championship but their fans still can't even flip a car....
Lady Ags win 2011 NCAA National Championship! Texas A&amp;M #1 
Top Ten Indianapols Colts?
LeBron, you're doing it wrong!
What do you think of my idea for a new sport?
Ever wonder what to get an MLB millionaire for his new baby? Blue Jay Jose Bautista's baby gift registry
There are like 12 people at the Nats-Marlins game right now. I counted. 
Have you ever seen the crowd at one of these hoedowns? It's like Wal-Mart threw up all over the seats. [5 Least Telegenic Sports of All Time]
DAE think it would be cool if they redid Space Jam with Lebron or Kobe?
Back flip soccer penalty shot...Amazing!
IAE listening to the Smackoff right now?
Deron Williams to miss the rest of the season due to surgery.
I say let them all juice!
Objects in your rearview mirror are closer than they appear ...Tiger 3 shots off the pace at Augusta
This is how I feel watching the Pirates...
Who are you picking to win the Stanley cup?
The Ewing Theory
The history of PEDs in MLB from 1889 including Ruth, Mantle, Mays, Schmidt.
The Legend Of Big Rich - The Man with The Strongest Hands
Switzer told Dupree, If you'd have been in shape, you'd have rushed for 400 yards, and we'd have won the game.  He rushed for 249.
Why is MMA so popular
Turns out my meatheaded goon of a brother actually writes a genius sports blog. Redditors, I'd like to encourage this. Go check him out!
Let's respect Peyton Manning's privacy by not clicking on this link about the birth of his twins
New Sport On The Rise: Chessboxing
College basketball sensation, Jimmer Fredette barred from the classroom, because of his fame
Stanford QB Andrew Luck is humble until he crosses white lines
This has to be the save of the year.
Tiger is back baby!!! Well at least he looks like he is. 
Texas High School team gets no hit........ and loses 53-0 (or 57-0)
Los Angeles Lakers center Andrew Bynum suffers knee injury
the jimmer is too cool for school...literally
Former 49ers QB Giovanni Carmazzi Owns 5 Goats
Just hangin' out...
Kobe Bryant Will Appeal $100,000 Fine For Anti-Gay Slur
No TV timeouts during an NHL overtime? This is awesome!
In honor of Kobe and The F Word; Southpark' The F Word Episode
I'd walk through hell in a gasoline suit to play baseball...
A Truly Extreme Sport: free-soloing [rock climbing]. No partner. No ropes. This guy is nuts.
If Barry Bonds makes it to Cooperstown, what would he say?
Good for the FBI
Who has Hart in the NHL?
One day after being fined $100K for calling a ref a homophobic slur....
Kevin Na sets PGA Tour record with a nightmarish 16 on a par 4
Timber Joey has to be the best mascot ever...
TIL every time a Canadian city has hosted the Olympics, they win the cup the following year.
this guy is just insane...
Jarret Stoll's hit on Ian White in last night's LA / SJ game was disgusting
Is Kansas' Josh Selby's decision to enter the NBA Draft a huge mistake?
2011 NFL Mock Draft
Lenny Dykstra who helped the New York Mets win the 1986 World Series and later became a celebrity stock picker and entrepreneur, was charged with one count of embezzling from a bankruptcy estate.
Hey Kings fans; I feel for y'all right now. Watching this made me remember the same feeling surrounding my former team three-four years ago. It sucked.
If Eric Bedard wins 8 or more games this year, I'll eat a piece of dog poop
Three largest online poker sites shut down by feds
2011 New England Patriots Draft Projection - Rounds 1 to 3:  Who is the Darth Vader of the 2011 NFL Draft?
Wait... This is a real thing?
The refs totally try to give the game to Portland with that inbounds play foul call, too bad they choked.
Video: Losing a shoe will not keep Thaddeus Young from D’ing up
Remains the greatest post-match interview ever.
What the hell just happened?
Colby Lewis on Paternity leave.  What does /r/sports think?
Want a free hockey t-shirt?!?!
Holy crap, the Refs screwed the Knicks last night
University of Washington LB hits player so hard he gets up and runs the wrong way [First Play]
The Benefits of the Alternating Arm Shoulder Press
Joe Smith just came into the Starbucks I'm at right now. And it led me to look him up and I was surprised to discover that he is still in the NBA, and on the Lakers.
What are the best bloopers/fails you have seen in sport? 
Does anyone know if the video from the MLB2K10 $1M Perfect Game is available online? [X-post from r/gaming]
Are college sports becoming more and more a cesspool for corruption and fraud?
How did you pick your teams?
Bruins land guard De'End Parker, a transfer from City College of San Francisco. Parker, the youngest of seven children, received his first name during birth when his mother decided her childbearing days were over.
2011 NFL Schedule 
If you are an SF Giants Fan, this will pump you up!
Hoop Dreams in Gaza
Tyson Chandler gets victimized by a kid :(
Highest Paid Global Sport Teams
Dodgers Operations Taken Over By Major League Baseball
MLB takes control of LA Dodgers from embattled owner and noted chowd Frank McCourt
Hilarious Miami Heat Pep Rally video
Andrew Ference - History will be made
All I could think during the Celtics/Knicks game
Dirty tackle on Steve Zakuani ends in disgusting results
ESPN Homepage Caption Time
Hopefully this kid makes it to the NFL.
Basketball meets Math:  A Question about Jump Shooting
The 5 Things the New Yorks Knicks Must Change During the Offseason
NHL 2011 Plays of the Year - video
Think Roger Goodell likes a list showcasing the best athlete users of Twitter? Me neither
So I was just watching a Behind the Scenes about ESPN's First and Ten...the host Jay lives in New Jersey and commutes to Connecticut every day. That must be awful.
I realize how sophomoric my sense of humor is for laughing at this...but laugh I did.
Judge Rules in Favor of the Players - LOCKOUT LIFTED 
NFL Lockout Over
If this story about the 1884 Providence Grays is true, it's the craziest thing I've ever read about baseball, which isn't very much, but regardless, it's crazy.
Athletes are trying to become the next Ted Williams in more way than one to gain an upper-hand.
Why is ten-pin bowling not an olympic sport?
The Beauty of Hockey
The 200 Best-paying Sports Teams in the World. Ranging from Soccer, Baseball, Basketball, Cricket, Aussie Rules Football &amp; Football.
Albert Haynesworth indicted on charge of sexual abuse
I don't know how much love Brian Scalabrine gets around here, but here's his fantastic reaction to one of DRose's threes tonight...
My friend has a sports blog. He knows his stuff and updates often, check it out r/sports
it will soon be safe to hit golf balls into the ocean again!
Raiders New Redonkulous Stadium Name...
USD Athlete Indicted for Fixing Games
Harlem Globetrotters schooled by reporter. Now that's an impressive dunk!
Peyton Hillis is on the Madden Cover!!!!!!!!!!!
Looks like there's gonna be a lot of flopping going on
Mourinho faces possible sanctions for bizarre post-game rant following Real's 2-0 defeat to Barcelona
What college football trips should be on every sports fan's bucket list?
18-month-old soccer star signs professional contract
Poolball: The Only Sport Needed
Canadian figure skater breaks her partner's nose early in short program. Leaking blood, he skates clean.
Everyone's favorite draft analyst GargaMEL Kiper
Titans pick Jake Locker over Blaine Gabbert and Andy Dalton. What?
Colts draft Anthony Costanzo - Not real excited about him at all
I love it when sports cross over
Inhuman Rebound
May 1st, the day that Ayrton Senna dies. RIP and respect to one of the best F1 racer.
Henry Cooper, one of the nicest boxers sadly died this weeken - he nearly beat Ali, only to be 'cheated' out of the title - but never complained - great man - sad loss.
Tiger playing table tennis.  Should he consider changing careers?
Texas High School Nearing Completion of $60M Football Stadium
Why I will never be an Avalanche fan. (I'm moving to Denver at the end of the year)
Compilation of Awkward High Fives in Sports
Manchester United vs Schalke preview | Free Betting
Chris Bosh sues his baby mama for appearing on Basketball Wives.
I thought I was the only person who thought Serena Williams was a babe!!?? 
Pac 10 (12?) signs most valuable TV Deal of any conference.
NBA Player Impersonations
Francisco Liriano No-Hitter Among Least Impressive In Baseball History
Boise State Self-Imposes Sanctions For The Next Two Years For Major Violations... In Women's Tennis?
University of Texas will have authority to fire ESPN Longhorn Network talent as they see fit. So, no harsh criticism of Mack Brown, then.
TIL Lebron James writes and eats left-handed, but shoots right-handed
NBA's Stern: Sonics moved because of mayor's 'hostility'
Heisman winnning Quarterbacks in the NFL - Performance Graph
ESPN Poll: How should the Steelers respond to Rashard Mendelhall's controversial tweets after Osama bin Laden's death?
DAE find it absurd/annoying that the NBA does not play back-to-back playoff games but the NHL manages to do it just fine?
Tim Hudson got Rick Rolled during his seventh inning at bat in his 1 hit shutout.
The Obama administration continues to impress me.
The mavs secret weapon: thing (above dirk's left shoulder)
Matsuzaka, Red Sox fall to Angels in 13 innings
Charles Barkley breaks golf club in half on first tee at ProAm
Tedy Bruschi proves again that he's a man's man 
Dez Bryant Joins Cowboys Workouts, Tyron Smith To Join Soon
Tiki Barber discusses depression after being blackballed from TV, NFL
Good riddance - NFL Network removed Millen and Theismann from Thursday night games
Verlander perfect after 7
Justin Verlander walks one in near perfect no-hitter (his second)
On the court during the 1st quarter of Heat-Celtics...
I sat 1 seat in front of Pat Riley at the Celts Heat game yesterday
How the hell did Dwyane Wade not get ejected last night?
It's been a rough week for Pittsburgh Steelers running back Rashard Mendenhall. Just days after sending out controversial comments via Twitter about the death of Osama bin Laden and the events of 9/11, Mendenhall was dropped from his endorsement contract with Champion.
Nothing like a little JFK assassination humor to brighten up sports talk 
DIRTY hit by Bynum
Football troll
NBA playoffs: the Dallas Mavericks eliminate the Los Angeles Lakers
Of course the Lakers lost...
Rafael Nadal's amazing between the legs shot against Novak Djokovic in the Madrid Open.
TIL the average amount of time the ball is in play on the field during an NFL game is about 11 minutes
Nastiest in-game dunk ever.  Video title is legit.
Yeah, Sugar Shane Mosley got whomped, but don't feel too bad for him - he did get to go home with the lovely Bella Gonzalez, after all.
After mom’s death, star HS baseball player throws no-hitter and hits 4 HR in same day.
80 yard lax goal wins Gonzaga College High School conference championships
Oprah is screwing with Bulls playoff run...
The first Olympic gold medal in tennis was (a) won by a spectator who (b) was wearing leather heels and (c) also won the doubles gold with someone from a different country.
Former Michigan basketball star and NBA player Robert Tractor Traylor is dead
Orlando Magic and...Silver Surfer?
ESPN: Wade, LeBron help Heat oust Celts [FTFY]
History will be made...
The Bizarre Cult Of Pro-Owner NFL Fanboys
Does anyone know what happened to r/ESPNINSIDER?
The appropriate reaction to the Omer Asik And-1:
Billboards with Bryan Stow beating suspects spring up in Los Angeles

From the company that brought you “The Streak”, “Through the Fire,” and the 30 for 30 episode “The Best That Never Was”, comes “Off the Rez”, the origin story of University of Louisville player Shoni Schimmel. Check it out this Saturday the 14th at 9/8c on TLC!
Cheeky, Ruppian, Lacrossian, IIHF RUS-FIN semi final goal by Finland's Mikael Granlund
Wrestler gets more than he bargained for when he asks the crowd for a chair
sigh...a night without playoff basketball....
Why are pitchers forced to throw 4 pitches to walk a batter?
Double fail on one soccer play.... Goalie gets angle completely wrong on the play, the striker bails him out.... doh!
Jorge Posada in process of murdering legacy [xpost w/ /r/baseball]
Chad Ochocinco falls off the bull, gets $10k anyway
Taj Gibson Destroys Dwayne Wade (As the Bulls Destroy the Heat) in Game 1
So, I'm a Packers fan...
I don't watch lacrosse, but the hidden ball trick seems awesome.  [vid]
Ferdinand Lewis Lew Alcindor aka Kareem Abdul-Jabbar at graduation

Holy Crap!...The Mets will be paying Bobby Bonilla for next 25 years?

Kids, this is a point guard. Watch and learn.
Wouldn't want this guy's record. That is all
Followup to insensitive ESPN Insider on Alabama recruit's death: ESPN Insider chose speed over sensitivity
I'm going to Reddit conscience internent hell for saying it, but Dan Gilberts kid, Nick Gilbert looks like Simon Birch
Kayaking, skydiving, paragliding, and skiing, oh my! I love Colorado.
Great fan escape

Waht?
Why does anyone care what LeBron thinks is good for any team other than his own?
The incredible game of Botaoshi - The WTF game from Japan!
Jimmy Traina's Podcast with James Andrews Miller, the author of the ESPN book, is a must-listen
When you were young did you ever think that the underdogs were a team?
ESPN and planking
In early April, Norm MacDonald picked the Mavs and the Canucks to win the NBA and NHL playoffs - great value bets. I've got a sneaking suspicion this guy is a bigger gambler than any of us realize.
Macho Man Randy Savage #1 overall pick in Jesus Rapture Draft. 
Who will win the Champions League final?
Bulls are taking their talents to South Beach. Who will take the 2-1 lead in the Eastern Conference Finals?
Evidence mounts as Hincapie confirms Hamilton's account of Lance Armstrong doping
one of the best fights of all time! 2 legends clash, this was the third fight of the night for both in the K1 2006 gp final.
Jesus wins the Preakness race on day of the Rapture!
Lance Armstrong Doping Investigation On '60 Minutes' (VIDEO)
NY Mets owner Fred Wilpon on Jose Reyes: He thinks he's going to get Carl Crawford money. He's had everything wrong with him. He won't get it.
Spanish cyclist killed in freak accident.
Who should take over from Carlo Ancelotti at 
Chelsea?
I look forward to hearing David Stern explain why Kobe using a gay slur is worse than Noah doing it.
Randy The Macho Man Savage's dream was to make it to the Majors (Baseball)
Mindless Dribble Just Broke 5000 Hits. Check out the hottest new hoops blog. 
Vuvuzelas 'may spread diseases'
Man Utd v Barcelona in numbers
With all of the nicknames in sports Albert Pujols should be known as Apu
Really ESPN??? This is front page worthy??????
this is the coolest freestyle wrestling pin i have ever seen
Would anyone have considered getting this if it was available stateside?
Possibly The Greatest End To A Basketball Game Ever...And For A National Championship
David Beckham tackles pitch invader and gets sad when he’s thrown out
Is it just me... or does this photo remind you of Different Strokes?
TIL Ed Hochuli attended the same high school as some of my family (Canyon Del Oro - Oro Valley, AZ) and played football at UTEP
A Night with Bill Spaceman Lee
Lakers hire Mike Brown as head coach
Showoffy little prick. I would have been pissed if I was the keeper.
Extreme Japanese Pole Fighting
The genealogy of the crossover
Another skills video - this time from English Rugby Club Gloucester 
Problem, Manchester United?

danica patrick: woman in sports only matter if they’re hot
Finkle buys stake in the Mets. 
I found this quite interesting
Dallas is first City to Host World Series, NBA Finals, and SuperBowl in same year...cool
Fan who fell from Colorado Rockies' Coors Field stairs dies - ESPN
At least people are talking about the sport now
Reddit: After writing some Onion-like self posts, the positive response you guys have me inspired me to start a blog. Here it is. 
18,000 People Cheer Thing Going Through Thing
How a Season Defined by Just 3 Minutes Impacts The Bulls Future 
(x-post from r/nba) I don't blame Derrick Rose for the Bulls series loss to the Heat. The blame is squarely on the shoulders of Coach Thibs. Here's my in depth and long-winded explanation as to why. (great for basketball nerds!) 
Check 10 Martial Arts subReddits with one click without having them all on your front page
Scottie Pippen: LeBron ‘may be the greatest player to ever play’ - Ball Don't Lie - NBA Blog - Yahoo! Sports
Cleveland looking for top 2 picks in next months NBA draft. Has it been done before ?
This is the only thing that makes golf interesting
Indianapolis 500: The Races Within The Race. The Indy500 is considered to be one of the greatest if not the greatest race in all of racing. And this year’s race will be especially interesting because of the many different subplots.
Hey r/sports, I need a good taunt here.
Wheldon captures Indianapolis 500 in dramatic finish
I was going to post a link about Tressel at OSU....
Haters Hatin'
Damn – even the wikipedia page for Field of Dreams still makes me tear up. I'm logging off to go outside and play catch with my family now. Do the same – happy Memorial Day!
Is it OK to name your sports team after a natural disaster?
Dwight Howard hosts Memorial Day BBQ for Orlando
I’ve had enough of the Buster Posey injury talk
This whole Tressel situation is just more evidence of how much of a corrupt joke the NCAA is. [Good article on the subject]
Urban Meyer to OSU?
Think what you will about Jim Tressel, he stood up for LGBT athletes. Respect! 
Why can't women's MMA be like this? 
OSU Vehiclegate: Pryor shows up to team meeting in a new ride - Dr. Saturday - NCAAF Blog - Yahoo! Sports
Football fan here: Why all the interest in Dwyane Wade? 
YouTube - Did Tim Donaghy and crew fixed game 3 of Suns-Spurs?
Hilarious golf kart fail video
Bill Simmons, the B.S Report and his yes-men...
Shaquille O'Neal tweets: 'I'm retiring' - I hope this includes his budding movie career
In honour of Shaq retiring, I submit one of his most entertaining moments.
The greatest big player of his generation dunks on the greatest player of all time - goodbye Shaq
Look who I saw at the Cardinals game last night. (Blurry picture, it's Bob Costas)
CBS News stands by its reporting on Lance Armstrong doping allegations as truthful, accurate and fair.
John Elway gets Punked; Elway not happy
The worst part about watching the Finals is the constant barrage of this movie.
Gotta love the Giants- first professional sports team to make an 'It gets better' video
UPDATE: UF's Johnson may be ready before end of regionals this weekend after getting beaned in the back of the head by own catcher last weekend
Terrelle Pryor and his mother are adamant of no wrong doing, but is the solution to this big mess paying college athletes?
Sports debate shows (PTI, Around the Horn, 1st and 10 etc): can you PLEASE stop asking and debating whether a 7 game series is over after 1 or 2 games?
Brian Dawkins is the man.
Anyone else going to be in Foxboro this afternoon?
Kyle Busch is such a fuckass...
If only Tiger Woods had read ‘18 Holes With Grandpa’ a guide to playing the game of life (video)- The New Haven Register - Serving New Haven, Connecticut
ESPN.com cracks me up regularly, but this was the best..
I'm Pretty Sure This is One of the Best Commercials Ever
advice for heal/ankle pain?
All time top 10 MLB Draft picks
x-post form r/fffuuu - He shoots, he scores!
Bruins Fans Will Do Anything For Stanley Cup Finals Tickets, Like Smashing Their Own Cars
Warriors Name Mark Jackson Head Coach 
Aaron Rome hit on Nathan Horton GAME 3 BRUINS AND CANUCKS STANLEY CUP FINALS
I see what you did there ESPN. Clever.
BMX Triple Backflip .. 24 year old Kiwi Jed Mildon recently made action-sports history by performing the world’s first (recorded) BMX triple backflip at the Unit T3 Mindtricks BMX Jam in Taupo, New Zealand.
Swiss Jetman flies over Grand Canyon : 52-year-old Yves “Jetman” Rossy has crossed the English Channel and flown loops on his awesome jetpack. Here’s a glimpse at his historic flight over the Grand Canyon on May 7, 2011.
NBA Finals Ends in Stalemate: Heat and Mavericks Split Championship
What do you think would be different about the Heat if Pat Riley was still their coach?
Why is it that we constantly talk about where athletes in basketball and football went to college but we never do in baseball?
Because Terrell Pryor promised to return to college for his senior season-a big reason for making him eligible for Ohio State's bowl win- and didn't, shouldn't Ohio State have to vacate their win last January?
Three-Man Weave
Mike Tyson Talkin' Trash About NBA Tattoos on Kimmel. He is the heavyweight champ of crazy tats...
Want Less Injuries In The NHL?
Chicago Cubs Take 300lb-er in MLB Draft
I finally understand why Rob Parker is allowed on ESPN First Take...
Allen Iverson Willing to Come Off the Bench in NBA Comeback 
Why I can't watch sports on tape-delay
Is it true that most people outside of Boston/Vancouver want the Canucks to win?
I'm not sure if Rome's shoulder hit Horton in the head anymore - the more I watch the hit, the more I think the back of Horton's head smacked the ice, and that's what did the damage
What are some rules in major sports that you think most people are unaware of?
I have never liked Lebron, since he was a rookie, but If I didn't want Dirk and Kidd to finally get a ring, I would be rooting for him to light it up.
Ichiro's favorite American expression
A look back at the life of a depressed Sixers fan.
MotoGp: Classifica piloti, primo Stoner, quarto Rossi
Gp Silverstone, Vince Stoner, 6° Rossi
Caster Semenya, the athlete who became a reluctant hero
Why are the rules different in the NL and AL?
TIL Dallas Maverick's Jason Terry's initials are J-E-T and thus his nickname, Jet
It's taco time, Mavs fans! Who doesn't love tacos?
Lebron James facebook: Now or Never!!
Dallas Mavericks take their talents to South Beach, leave with NBA championship, 105-95, over Miami
Hey LeBron! Before you leave, make sure you. . .
As a Chicago fan I am thrilled that the Mavs won, but WTF is this Heat post-game press conference? 
I give up on Lebron
And that's the word.
*BREAKING NEWS* City of Dallas just announced tomorrow is Lebron James Day. 
Just Lebron crying on your chest
So is anyone else sick of ESPN constantly talking about the Heat when the Mavericks won?
Anyone else disgusted by the Heat in the final minute?
Classifica costruttori: Red Bull al comando
Have yall seen the trailer to the new Dirk movie?
Lebron has already vowed to spend his summer practicing for next season's finals...
Mark Cuban will pay for Dallas Mavericks parade from City Hall to AAC
Grantland: An Early and Disappointed Review
2011 MIAMI HEAT CHAMPS!!  Miami ad congratulates the Heat for a title they didnt win - Yahoo! Sports
Ronaldinho humiliates team mate during warm-up
LeBron is french right?
Miami newspaper in denial. Runs ad congratulating the Heat on winning the NBA championship. Oops. 
The Canadian view of Boston [vid]
I was on the fence as to which team I should root for in the Stanley Cup Finals, but how can I root against THIS? (NSFW)
Lebron James, in Defeat, Doesn’t Deserve the Hate
Peoria Chiefs poke fun at LeBron James with ring promotion - ESPN Chicago
Shaq tied to police investigation involving gang members, sex tape
Daughter of former Laker Robert Horry dies at age 17
This is a great spoof commercial: Rangé Golf Balls with John O'Hurley
White people.
Dirk Nowitzki's a great scorer, but he's a one-dimensional player and isn't on level of NBA greats...WTF

Did I just pass you-know-who on the seawall before Game 7? 
Ronaldo snubs Man City who were offering him almost 3x his current salary (He makes £13mil/year at Real Madrid, could have been making £34mil/year at Man City)  
Are the 30 for 30's worth it?
This is honestly WAY more offensive to me than anything Anthony Wiener did
Kardashian moving to NJ keeping Humphries with the Nets? Kardashian in Bikini #1 inside.
Shaking hands with your opponents
LeBron: The New Wilt?
I'm 3 for 3 so far. First my Braves fall to the World Series Champion Giants. Then my Falcons fall to the Super Bowl Champion Packers. Now the Bolts have fallen to the Stanley Cup Champion Bruins. I guess its good to only get knocked out by the eventual champion...
Not all Canucks are mad about the loss.
The 50 highest-earning American athletes (2011)
So, in light of what happened yesterday with those people rioting and what not...
My friends theory to why Canucks lost
Why do people riot after their team loses?
Some call foul after Wallingford, Conn. girl passed over for Little League All-Star team (video)- The New Haven Register - Serving New Haven, Connecticut
Every time I see his name...
Lebron's Dream 
Do you follow teams or players? How Digital/Social Media Is Changing the Sports Experience
June 30th is when $30,000,000 is due to Juan Pierre, Andrew Jones, and Manny Ramirez in deferred payments. Frank McCourt has no chance of making payroll and the Commissioner of baseball will take over the Dodgers.
Man, it must be a slow sports day.  Headline from ESPN: Hall of Famer Carter Rushed to ER for coughing
K.J. Choi is a class act.
CanucksTV: The healing begins Jun.17.11 Video - NHL VideoCenter - Vancouver Canucks
Marlins' E-Rod Resigns After Team Loses 18 of Past 19 Games
First Rick Reilly was like this, then he was like this
Tour 2011 - stage 1: Passage du Gois La Barre de Monts - Mont des Alouettes 191.5 km
Tour 2011 - stage 3: Olonne sur Mer - Redon
10 Sports Illustrated writers each drafted their own teams, chosen from every current and former NBA (or ABA) player in their primes, and simulated the results (includes stats, game scores and all sorts of other simulated goodies...)
Portland vs New York highlights from last night include multiple fights, penalties, and goal line saves
Should the NFL focus more on Asian fans and players?
Repulsive rap video about Udonis Haslem and the Miami Heat. And not just a little repulsive.
UK Redditors, how do you feel about a Great Britain XI playing football at the 2012 games in London?
The PGA Tour's first boy band
Boxing meets Chess: Chessboxing Documentary part 1
Joe Haden treats dozens of fans to sushi
Dick Enberg talks bloody blue balls during Wimbledon. 
The nine major violations levied against Butch Davis' UNC football program contain more filth and more blatant disregard for the rule book than USC, tOSU, or Auburn.

An investment company with 5% ownership in the Dallas Mavericks sued Mark Cuban for questionable business decisions. This is their response submitted to the court. 
How valuable are NBA Draft picks?
As a Cavaliers fan I'm very worried they are going to fuck up this draft.  Oh Infallible Reddit hivemind, who do you select number one overall? 
Look what I found when I took out the trash!
Bobby Hurley:  Best College Point Guard Ever
Chef catches flak for treated tap water - Yahoo! News
Noticed there wasn't a good subreddit for the Cavs, so I started a new one.  Come on over Cavs fans!
David Stern Fan Spotted at NBA Draft
    
  
  
  
 
USF OL can lift cars, save lives

Really looking forward to this on ESPN.. JoePa and Coach K Behind the Scenes
best derp of this past NBA season
Australian Rules Football is a great game. Check this out [Crosspost from r/AFL]
The last sentence...
Serena put up a great fight
Dozens of incoming NFL rookies blowing an opportunity
Larry David talks about golf
Considering how insane N.Korea's leader is, should we have any reason to worry about their women's soccer team after the loss today? Or if they don't advance? 
North Korea's football/soccer coach explained why they lost in their previous match. Several players were Struck by lightning.
Can Rondo end up top 10 in assists all time?
Athletes With Tiger Woods' Beard (ALBUM)
Canseco: “I have an identical twin brother ... We used the same steroids. We did the same workouts. We had the same nutritional diet. Why didn’t he make it to the major leagues and become a major league superstar? It’s pretty simple, steroids don’t make you a superstar — you make you a superstar.”
Portland Trail Blazers offer Greg Oden $8.8 million qualifying offer
Did anybody else stop reading Bill Simmons when he started posting on Grantland?
Where in the world is Jaromir Jagr?
Novak Djokovic and Jo-Wilfried Tsonga take a nap on Wimbledon center court
Smartest College Sports Teams
Not safe for children
Brian Wilson takes his frustration out on the water cooler.
Hey /r/sports, what is the best trash talking/in your face moment of sports?
Knicks' Amar'e Stoudemire may consider joining Kobe Bryant's team tour of China if NBA lockout drags
Red Sox edge Astros using bases-loaded walk, complete sweep
So much for that 6 week timetable. Pujols could be back in lineup tomorrow.
Baseball Teams as Ice Cream Flavors
Alex Meyer-1st Round Pick in the 2011 Draft by the National's---A Q and A type entry, where you learn all you want to know about him
2011 Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest - Joey Chestnut Wins
What does everyone think of the strike zone overlay on ESPN?
Darnell McDonald guns down Edwin Encarnacion at the plate for the last out of the game to give the Red Sox a 3-2 win. (video)
2012 NBA Mock Draft
State of Origin
I'm sick of dealing with this every fucking year.
Honest Rules for 5 Leisure Sports - CollegeHumor 
Djokovic Dances During His Homecoming Celebration After Winning Wimbledon
Pyeongchang, South Korea wins bid to host 2018 Olympics
The most regrettable tweets in sports history
Is there anything worse than being dunked on by a guy?  How about he shatters the backboard on you.  How about he then has to take you to the hospital for 20 stitches?
my knee hurts
Rafael Nadal will win the US Open
Fan dies after Josh Hamilton tosses him a baseball
Rangers fan dies after reaching over railing for a ball.
Fun with Photoshop: Re-Imagining Mark Cuban’s Rugby House Elephant Walk
OSU Vacates 2010 Wins, Imposes 2-Year Probation
What a lost NFL season means: Your favorite sports bar may close, cancer won't be cured, and needy children will freeze. Please bring us back our beloved football!
The Most Hated Athlete: Voting Results by SportsPickle
Does anyone else read this entire subreddit in Stuart Scott's voice?
Rotoworld.com conducts a re-do of the 2001 MLB draft.  Can someone please explain to me the appeal of Joe Mauer?  Why is he ultimately more valuable than Ryan Howard and Mark Teixeira?
What should I bring for autograph signing?
I hope more soccer players grow up to be like this kid. 
Owners, Players Nearing Deal in NFL Talks: NFL owners and players are hammering out an agreement that would end their four-month-old labor dispute in the coming days, in a move that would save the upcoming football season and put the $9.4 billion business back on track.
Players debate who would win in a fight - the peanut, or the hot dog?
Guy who caught Jeter's 3,000th hit just gave it back to Jeter. He could have sold it for $1M.
Erik Meyer played on both offenses and both defenses in a single Arena Football game
Canada vs. France gridiron football highlights [vid]
Prince Fielder looks like an idiot for his HR Derby picks
Robinson Cano wins 2011 Home Run Derby!
Does this apply here?
Now that the Pirates are getting national attention, The 2011 Pittsburgh Pirates For Dummies.
We debated for a while whether Marta was flipping off the US team after this...
What, if anything, stops the NBA players from starting their own league?
What are some misconceptions about sports that you had as a kid?
Lauren Cheney scores the United States' first goal during the women's World Cup semifinal against France in Germany on Wednesday. The Americans won the match, 3-1, and will play Japan or Sweden in the finals.
Pittsburgh linebacker James Harrison on Roger Goodell-  If that man was on fire and I had to piss to put him out, I wouldn’t do it. I hate him and will never respect him.
How do you get pumped and pump up your team before matches/games/competitions?
The closest Redditors will get to the Wambach's 122' goal against Brazil. 
LOCKOUT PROFESSIONALS feat. Blake Griffin, Kevin Love, Adrian Peterson, &amp; Ron Artest
Here's what it's like to try noodling, the sport of catching catfish with your bare hands
Brian Wilsons sports a spandex tux at EPSY's
Judge declares mistrial in Clemens perjury case
Real Classy ESPN [x-post from /r/funny]
14 Upvotes...no /r/sports frontpage WTF?
Michael Kuhr in his prime.
Celtics Jermaine O'Neal Cited in Vegas Assault Case Against Charles Oakley
Adam Schefter claims a 10-year deal to bring the NFL back is almost done
5 questions for the Cleveland Browns before they start the 2011-12 season.
There is a World Championship for American Football, oddly enough the US is pretty good at it
So What If Soccer Isn't a Big Deal Here?
U.S. media: There is soccer outside of the World Cup!
Remember the guy who threw a no-hitter while high on LSD?  Yeah, that might have been a lie...
Most Popular Athletes In America? Derek Jeter, Peyton Manning, MJ, Kobe, Tiger Woods (Harris Poll) 
She sounds like a sore loser now....
Who Should Make 2012 US Olympic Basketball Team?
Athletes at the Beach

The best NFL rookie?
Any Cincinnati Bengals fans in here? there is a new subreddit up!
Yao Ming Retires
Dog bites shark and goes viral - Yahoo! News
Yao Ming Retires from NBA - A Dynasty Ends 
CFB: Army, LSU, Michigan State, Navy, Ohio State, Oregon, Stanford, Boise State, and Georgia to wear Nike Pro Uniforms for a game this season
Tigers Caddie: He wasted last two years of my life
After years of confusion, I finally learn the rules of cricket from Grantland's Michael Schur and Nate DiMeo. 
Someone dared to mess with Troy Polamalu's hair... oh my...
Why isn't there an ice hockey world cup? 
Big 12 halting progress on Longhorn Network, member schools concerned about multiple advantages LN will give Texas; including ability to go independent!
Gruesome details of SF Giants fan beating revealed..  (Check the 5th paragraph if nothing else)
First player to go into the Baseball HOF calls time in Toronto best of career. Cheers Roberto Alomar
Why Malaysia has not won any Olympic Medals yet in swimming - satirical entry. (p/s: do note that other entries in my blog is in Malay)
An Open Letter to Brett Favre
NFL is BACK! CBA unanimously approved!
If all pre-sports prayers were like this I wouldn't mind listening.[Nascar]
Dennis Rodman Dresses in Drag for 50th Birthday Bash. Nothing surprising really. But he's 50 already??
Roberto Alomar steals a fans jersey during parade.
Summer Day Camp| Kids Day Camps| NYC Day Camps

Ervin Santana throws first no-hitter for Angels in 27 years.
Butch Davis out as North Carolina football coach.
Now that UNC fired Butch Davis...
For Mets fans, have some 2006 NLCS highlights. Endy makes greatest defensive play in history, Beltran goes down looking.
U.S. National Soccer Coach Fired
If he can't get #85, what should Ochocinco change his name to?
Collect, trade or sell sports cards? Stop on over to the TRADINGCARDCOMMUNITY subreddit and post about the hobby
Shanghai 2011Word Swimming Championships give an idea who is starting to ramp up for next Summer's Olympics ... there are some surprises! 
Michigan Football Hype Video
Does anyone know where I can get an Adam Morrison Lakers Jersey? 
One of my favorite interactions between a player and a coach: Bill Belichick and Chad Ochocinco
Michael Jordan's Greatest Video Games Moments
2011 RUGBY LEAGUE FIGHTS &amp; BIG HITS. - LEGAL BRUTATLITY
ESPN invents new statistic, the Total QB Rating
I am so tired of hearing about The Dream Team.  Just shut up and do your talking on the field. Oh, and Go Packers.
Magglio Ordonez is a funny man- His comments about Jared Weaver taking offense to a HR he hit. 
Roberto Alomar steals shirt during HOF parade. 
Please vote against this abomination. 
Kevin Durant's unbelievable 4th quarter at Rucker Park (66 total points)
How come no NFL players threatened to play in the 
CFL during the lockout?
A more thorough explanation of the new QB rating system.
TIL Randy Moss and Jason Williams went to the same high school and played on the same Bball team
Tiger Woods next win will be in extraordinary fashion
UFC 133 Odds &amp; Predictions
Bored, itching to get a Reddit-only Fantasy Football Leauge Going TONIGHT! Who is in?
This has got to be the most idiotic sport yet...American Freestyle canoeing
ESPN Insiders: Do you feel like you're being ripped off by ESPN?
Images from last nights games... holy crap what is up with Larry King's hair?
Anyone who missed last night's Rangers vs. Indians game missed a really great one. Check out the condensed version.
Milwaukee's Nyjer Morgan turns an error into a great play to end the game
Images of the day... Come for the lizard man, Stay for the hot chick!
100 degree temps, hurricane force winds, torrential downpour, people running for cover. Is it the apocalypse? No, Just a Royals/Tigers game.
Caroline Wozniacki, do you like any of the boys in your class? if so check this box []
61-year-old begins swim across Florida Straits 
I see your punter hit and raise you a QB hit...
This fan takes douchebagery to a new level
Fake, but still entertaining.
Argentinian Sportswriter Names Twin Daughters Mara And Dona
I almost feel bad for the Marlins..
Does anyone know if it hurts when these NBA players slam their hand into the rims when dunking?
The NBA is so boring without Dennis Rodman...
America's struggle to construct architecturally relevant stadiums.
Dodger's claim that Bryan Stow's children (the man who was beaten up at Dodger stadium) - do not have a legal right to sue Dodger's because because they weren't at the game and weren't present when the attack happened.
President Obama gracious to Green Bay Packers despite love of Chicago Bears - ESPN
Goodbye to texas university, so long to the orange and the white. 
The New Big 12 Conference Logo
John Henry, the man financing the Boston Red Sox and football club Liverpool, is nearing completion of a new luxury mansion – that could be one of the most lavish ever seen.
Jay Bilas delivers yet another hilarious tweet, this time about Bob Knight feeling up 70-year olds
Southeastern Conference to expand to 800 teams
Fox News gets it right, they are the Iowa State Cyclowns
Kimbo Slice knocks out James Wade in 17 seconds.
This is the home run you dream about when you're a kid.  Grand Slam to win it in the bottom of the ninth.
Death Penalty For   Miami Hurricanes?
Danica Patrick moving full-time to NASCAR in 2012
Adam Rank might be one of the worst writers in sports.
Wow. Forde wants death penalty for the U.
This shouldn't be a fight song but it is... Its your San Diego Super Chargers!!!
SEC doesn't want A&amp;M {hilarious}
Do you guys think NASCAR (and other driving competitions) are a sport?
Here's Video of Georgetown's Brawl With the Bayi Rockets in China
Would someone please explain all the different soccer leagues to me?
Matt Hasselbeck just earned major respect from me
Most over the top announcer in the world
BASKETBALL BRAWL Georgetown University Vs. Chinese Team INSANE FIGHT VIDEO
My favorite excerpt from my favorite sports book.
Georgetown vs. China basketball game ends up in brawl
Cubs fire GM Hendry
The Georgetown BasketBrawl (╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻ and how I feel about it a day later ಠ_ಠ
A question I've always had - how do people become professional referees? 
Race Across America - The ultimate cycling race 4800 km  coast to coast in 1 week.
Larry Fitzgerald just got a HUGE new contract
Smashed camera
Taiwanese explanation of the Miami scandal (funny)
Is there anyone who is actually a fan of Arena Football? 
People from New York, how do you choose between the Jets and the Giants?
Yeah, the Lions will win at least 10 games this year...
Baseball's attempt at attracting female viewers?
Benny Blades admitted to taking money from a Miami booster, what other colleges offered him cash and incentives as a recruit? facebook.com/realdealonsports
The ‘What Football Team Should I Root For?’ Flowchart 
Steelers sign Timmons to six-year contract
Pooping Mets Player Delays Game
Isn't On-base-percentage much more of a valuable stat than batting average? 
American McCarver: They might as well ban losing
Golf team at small college in Kansas suspended for first 3 tournaments for nude team pic posted on FB
It makes me smile that he can joke about this.
Former Orioles pitcher Mike Flanagan found dead at home
When Football Fans Attack: How to Fix the NFL's Violence Problem -- What's to blame for recent fights in San Francisco and Baltimore?
Champions League groups have been drawn
Check out this QB helmet-cam footage of Keith Price from the UW spring game. Why don't they use this angle in broadcasts?!
I think I see a resemblance to the white Michael Vick, do you?
What If Peyton Manning Were Black?
Challenges Nadal is facing
What's the most important position in all of sports?
Bankrupt stars: Athletes who lost it all 
Ron Artest delayed from changing name to 'Metta World Peace' due to outstanding warrant.
Watch the Women's World Cup this year? Many of the same players are about to participate in the WPS championship game, including Alex Morgan.
Is anyone actually a fan of the UFL?
What year do you think the Chicago Cubs finally win the World series?
The reason behind Ichiro's slump: Through Aug. 24, Ichiro was the victim of a league-high 31 GFPs (Good Field Plays) that, without the superb effort of a fielder, would have resulted in a hit. 
Teahupoo 2011: Riding these waves is pure insanity
Las Vegas Submits Rogue Bid To Host The 2020 Olympics

 
Footbrawl (this one is still up)
I HAVE A DREAM Sogelau TUVALU - Samoa 100m Record Holder 
Joe Rogan and MMA's awkward introduction to the Fox network...*facepalm*
The Basic Rules of Roller Derby Explained
18 year old Kirani James wins gold in photo finish
Fantasy Football: Never Reach for the Kicker
Liverpool midfielder Joe Cole signs season-long loan deal with French club Lille
The University of Oregon will start this season Saturday night ranked third in the country. How did this happen? At the top of the list of reasons... their uniforms.
Better Beard?
That Time of Year Again
Insightful: It's cool to do cool things - Chris Bosh
Britain's Mo Farah missed out on 10,000m gold in agonising fashion as he was overtaken by Ethiopia's Ibrahim Jeilan just metres from the line
All Ireland Hurling Final 2011, Tipperary v Kilkenny..

A sport I wish was worldwide.. 
Former Bucs' star, USF official Lee Roy Selmon dies
Pool party turns tragic at Texans player's home, after man found at the bottom of the pool the next day
If you haven't seen this, do yourself a favor
37.9 seconds left in the game...what a horrible way to finish (GRAPHIC VIDEO)...Former Louisville Guard Edgar Sosa Breaks Leg In FIBA Americas Tournament (WARNING: DISTURBING VIDEO)
If only he got the job
My fantasy football draft is tonight.
BCS football: Realignment update (Pac-12 CEOs don’t want to expand)
Music City Miracle 
Ever hear of the sport Kronum?...I haven't, this is bad ass! 
For all Hockey fans out there... I have some sad news :( caps off.
I think someone at ESPN is screwing with us...
As a Dolphins &amp; USC fan, I can't help but feel my lunch is lying to me.
Are you ready for some football?
The first time a someone born in the 90s has played in an NFL game.
Fan willing to name child after Shabazz Muhammad if recruit signs with UNLV -- Muhammad, the star forward from Bishop Gorman High, said he’s received that offer from one diehard Rebels fan
So the article that Dan Snyder is suing Washington City Paper over, eh, he never read it.
We've got a new high water mark for football press conferences.
To all fantasy football league managers with leagues that give 1 point per reception. This...is...unacceptable ಠ_ಠ
UNLV Fan Offers to Name Child After Highly-Touted Recruit, WTF
Why the Ricky Rubio hype? He's the third LEAST productive player on the Spanish roster, yet takes up most of the news coverage.
Is he just a liar? Didn't he say he wasn't going to appeal? Source says Oakland Raiders' Terrelle Pryor to appeal five-game suspension.
Man City vs Wigan Highlights 3 - 0
Does anyone else think that ESPN3 is bad for the internet?
Never forget the soldier
DAE put a lot of thought into which team you are going to root for, as if it might affect the outcome?
A decade later: The effect 9/11 had on sports, written through the eyes of sports journalist Stephen Brunt
Top 10 Toughest Sports
Berman is way more entertaining when not live on the air
Stosur defeats Serena to win US Open title. Serena loses it again on the umpire: If you ever see me walking down the hall, walk the other way. Because you're out of control. Totally out of control. You're a hater, you're unattractive inside. Who would do such a thing. And I never complain. Wow
Of all the pregame ceremonies today, this was my favorite. Jim Cornelison nails the national anthem in style.
This product is only two years old
In Canada, we play football with the almighty rouge.
Blake Griffin's 214. Like a boss!
The crowd at the michigan notre dame game
Who else is watching the Men's Tennis US Open Final and is thinking what i'm thinking...
Serena Williams fined $2,000 for outburst directed at official during U.S. Open final loss to Stosur
Come check out r/rollerblading if you skate! Or if you want to/just like it :) Help us get off the ground!
Tonight, Wes Welker tied the record for longest play from scrimmage, and Sebastian Janikowski tied the record for longest field goal in NFL history.
The Broncos are fucking high!
More on the Tasing that happened at the Jets x Cowboys game...Like Most Of Us, The Son Of Tasing Cowboys Fan Would Like To Know How The Hell His Dad Got A Taser Into MetLife Stadium
My Nominee for Greatest Football Sack Ever.  QB's Helmet Flys At Least Three Feet Off QB's Head. [vid]
Klinsmann first win: U.S. to play Ecuador on Oct 11
Does anyone know of any highlight reel of cameramen getting accidentally decked?
California Principal Says Cheerleading Miniskirts Too Risque | Fox News
The Shame of College Sports
What the assholes in my fantasy football league think when I offer a trade:
Glen Rice says he had sex with someone running for Vice President of the United States.
They're going to be the Miami Marlins, now. Cue Back to the Future II jokes.
(RWC)Russia vs. USA livetext
Anyone else frustrated with ESPN's new show NFL32?
Pablo Sandoval just hit for the cycle
Hey Guys remember when World PEACE started that one fight?
DAE think this is starting to get out of hand?
Message to ESPN (watching Penn State)
Who wants my dead brother's 80s/early 90s baseball cards?
Despite all the crap on ESPN.com, there are the occasional thought-provoking gems such as this article that pulls away from the TMZ act.
Top 10 Oakland Raiders Sports Bars - Accidental Travel Writer
Where can I get some quick daily highlights of important sports news? Maybe a 10 minute video or something
Greatest Closer of All Time!
Supposedly, JaMarcus Russell was such a bad quarterback in the NFL that the Raiders won't even let any other players wear his number.
Chris Johnson of the Titans is showing that he really deserves that big contract
Floyd Mayweather inflamed by fans' booing 
I am shocked and appalled to find out that Fox Sports 
has no journalistic integrity.
This is who you should vote for on Dancing With the Stars!
Say it with me now!
Is anyone else noticing the lack of meaningful 
coverage of Peyton Manning?
Bedard served child support papers before start by Yankee fan.
Mike Modono announces retirement... (Mike Modono was still playing!?)
Elin Nordegren Engaged? Tiger Not Happy 
Fucking Melvin.
Insane HS touchdown pass wins game
Giants DC coaches players to fake injury
Make a College Athletes' Bill of Rights
Remember, bad fans only come from Philadelphia
Dating: Victorian Courtship Required Genius-Level Study Skills - Epic Fail Funny Videos and Funny Pictures
Onion Sportsgraphic: Undefeated Teams.  I don't get it.  Is there stuff missing from this?
Manchester United Vs Stoke City 09-24-2011
Orlando Brown dies at the age of 40. 
5 Yr Old Hoops Prodigy Wins AAU Championship
Brett Favre is coming back.... as a college football commentator
RIP - Orlando Brown, a mammoth offensive tackle who appeared in 129 games with the Browns and Ravens, has died.
BBC Sport - Great North City Games: Mo Farah wins men's two mile in Gateshead
No, THIS is the best punt return of college football SO FAR this year.
Watch Team Philly vs Team Melo LIVE... finally, some basketball action!
Bill Haas hits an incredible shot from the water to help him win $11m at the PGA FedEx Cup
Its a sad day in Minnesota when this is the team you can count on
Cagestoker Blog: UFC-135 RESULT: Big-Ben Rothwell,..Chopped down like a Giant Oak Tree by Super-Samoan Mark Hunt..
Vick wants more protection from refs.......
Top 5 AFL footy YouTube videos - some big hits in there
Interesting and Revealing Malcolm Gladwell article about the Nets and NBA Economics
Does Vick have a case for the no-calls?
There are no pictures on the win loss column, right...
I didn't know Ichiro was pregnant
Absolutely Incredible and Terrifying - Avalanche Cliff Jump with Matthias Giraud 
NY Post: Vick a baby
Want cheep lacrosse apparel? 
Taiwanese Baseball Fan Gets the Death Glare
Goodell: I listen to Stern for advice, not give it
Browns fan gets on field. Celebrates game winning touchdown.
Matt Holliday out of tonight's must win game with a hand injury. May miss time in playoffs even if Cards pull it off. 
The Rays beat the Yanks within minutes of the Red Sox loss to the Orioles. More than just coincidence -- the Yanks mailed it in
Bill Simmons gives a blow...
The top dunker (per 100 possessions) last year was a Clipper. But it wasn't Blake Griffin. He was #3.
Boston Fans Fall in Line - Back to Hating the Sawx
Chances of reaching the MLB Playoffs: Boston Red Sox and Tampa Bay Devil Rays (x-post from reddit.com)
Like it or not, Joe Girardi deserves to be part of this conversation...
Six minutes that shook the Trop and led to the Tampa Bay Rays making the AL playoffs (a great read from the local St Pete newspaper)
Red Sox Decline, or why I love Mike and Mike. 
To win the World Series, one team will need more wins in October that the Red Sox had in all of September...
Herbalife24 Product Training
Mike Ditka says he would spit on author of Walter Payton biography 
Kobe Bryant agrees to play in Italy during NBA lockout
Case Keenum closing in on NCAA total yardage record 
The Perfect Trade: Yanks/Tigers/DBacks All Benefit (In Playoffs) 
Did Francona punch out John Henry?
Can Someone please explain why Verlander and CC can't pitch in tomorrows make up game?
The UT game has a second differential between the audio and the video.
Dave Krieger: Roger Maris deserves to be recognized for his home run record -- History has vindicated Roger Maris. A half-century later, his 61 in '61 is immortal, whatever baseball says.
Manly win NRL Grand Final
Halfway-line Norwegian header set for record books - with video
Male cheerleaders in the NFL??? The fuck?
Mountain climber Alex Honnold seems to defy gravity, scaling sheer, steep rock faces with no rope and apparently no fear
I guess this is why soccer fans get so excited about bicycle kicks
ESPN drops Hank Williams Jr. from 'Monday Night Football'
Amazing Basketball Shots 2
They announced on TBS that the Rangers-Rays game tonight was a sellout. Did the city of Tampa just sell out a football and baseball game at the same time?
'Monday Night Football' intro pulled after Hank Williams Jr. comments 
Jose Reyes Is One Point Ahead Of Ryan Braun For The NL Batting Title With One Game To Play (UPDATE)
Didn't know Craig Sager announced baseball. Saw him today and was quite disappointed in his attire. This coming from a NBA fan.
One of the better highlight films for a high school sports team that I've seen.
College Football Power Rankings: Star Wars Edition. 
Where Can I Find A Gold Coin Buyer?

This is why you can't have nice things.
Milwaukee Brewers fan calls 911 in search of his TV remote
Who was Steve Jobs?
Found out what's going on under the plate ump's mask in the ALDS Game 5
New York fans react to A-Rod striking out.
YEAH BABY!!
Slow Motion Skydiving - Mind boggling shots of human flight
Marlins HR Sculpture...WTF?
Oakland Raiders owner Al Davis dies at 82
Any redditors go to that Ucf vs. Marshall game? 
Zacke Greinke is Holden Caufield, Calls Carpenter Phony
Thank you, ALCS, for postponing your game until college football was over!
As a Raider fan ... I couldn't be happier ... 
Maybe you guys already know, but I finally found out how NFL seasons are scheduled (at bottom of link)
Can someone explain to me how some quarterbacks in college that are so dominant (Tim Tebow, Cam Newton) are not expected to be a good NFL quarterback?
Perfectly timed phone call! (Frat boys react to Red Sox last game)
As a long-time Philadelphia fan, a certain myth has 
become painfully and poignantly relevant.
Fan arrested after throwing hot dog at Tiger Woods
This thread still funny?
Juan Castillo takes the blame for Eagles’ D, won’t be fired
Monday Night Football Preview: Chicago Bears at Detroit Lions
The pitchforks are out for Andy Reid in Philadelphia
Interesting new article about Reddit's favorite punter, Chris Kluwe (and all the fucks he doesn't give).
More and more, this is how I've viewed the recent conference re-alignment talks.
Do you ever worry you're bad luck for your favorite team?
Rob Ryan hopes 'Boys can play like Browns against Patriots
Almost half a century after his famous raised-fist salute at the 1968 Olympic Games in Mexico City former US Olympian John Carlos talks about that Revolutionary Sports Moment that Changed the World
I want a job in baseball more than anything
The ladies of the NHL
DIE HARD starring Tim Tebow!
TIL there is precedent for players from a professional sports league embroiled in a labor dispute to form their own league (see #9) and that the newly formed league has now been around for 25+ most uninterrupted years.
LeBron to the NFL?
OKC Thunder Player Nick Collison's reaction to Girl Scout Cookies. 
Anyone have a link to the USC-CAL game online?
Johnathan Gray, HS tailback and top Texas recruit, arguably does more off the field than on it.
I'm beginning to think Colleges make too much money from Football
Let's see if anyone can guess the remaining order of the top ten in ESPN's NBA Rank....
What the hell was Ron Zook smoking today?!?
Just when I thought things were going alright, inevitably, this is how I feel as a Browns fan.
Umm... Did anyone else hear Donovan McNabb let out a huge burp when Bob Costas was talking to him and Adrian Peterson?
Florida H.S. QB Sets State Record With 10 TD Passes In One Game
Is it harder to be an Elite Quarterback in the NFL or an Elite Pitcher in the MLB?
Beautiful work from The Onion: Bill Belichick Forgets About Loss By Relaxing In Bathtub Filled With Warm Entrails
Big East Stability Tied to Missouri
NBA Commish  A Modern day Slave Overseer 
Is it just me, or did it look like Motte had pine tar on his hat tonight?
LSU Players suspended for testing positive for marijuana? Really?
Eagles trade for Jerome Harrison may end up saving his life
More IMPORTANT info on the Gadhafi take down 
Tebow Nation, Baby - great article on Tim's intangibles and Denver's dying love for him
Scott Hall; The Real Life Randy the Ram
The Man Who Bet The Cardinals At 999/1 When They Were Out Of The Race Is Looking Smart And Rich Right Now
I can't wait to watch Cops tonight, Joe!
Awesome Elvis Andrus scoop and toss to end the 5th in Game 2 of the World Series
Hacks!
Help! Where can I find a live stream of Today's NCAA Football CAL v UTES?
Not the most timely, but this is one of the best Onion sports articles I've read.
Albert Pujols: 3HRs in World Series game joins Babe (twice) and Mr. October as only players to accomplish such a feat! 5 hits and 6 rbi also tie records.
The most dangerous place in sports, the NFL sideline?
Things we learnt from the world of sport last week. Man Citys win, New Zealand triumph, India's payback and QPR's shock!
that's what you get for being obnoxious
is andrew luck THAT good? how can they know??
Chris Pronger takes a stick to the eye - it looks bad
a truly inspiring story about respect
Easy resource for non-sports fan to keep up to date on sports
Have lockouts and multimillion dollar shoe deals ruined basketball? NY Nicks &amp; When the Garden was Eden:
West Virigina Lined Up to leave Big East for Big 12
Why do we argue over fandom?
Anyone else wonder why ESPN ever hired this guy?
Ratings show viewers would rather watch a blowout regular season NFL game featuring the winless Colts rather than the World Series.  
Oh Matt Forte, why you so good?
Funding stadiums = crony capitalism
Jimmie Johnson crew chief Chad Knaus told driver to intentionally damage car if he won to avoid penalties in post race inspection
Ladies fight in Lingerie football league!! (video)
Dodgers are a new low :: Attorney will argue that Bryan Stow, the man who was beaten at Dodger stadium, shares a blame in his own beating....
I'm a Hurricanes and Cardinals fan...
Cards take it to game 7!
Publicist says Terrell Owens 'absolutely' did not attempt suicide - Wait. What?
Whose got it better than us!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


Nobody!
Even Canada is better than Brazil at soccer
Ron Washington's Reaction to David Freese's Walk-off Home Run.
This is what happens when Gaelic footballers versus Australian rules footballers 
Frank Martin FINALLY gets his revenge
Absolutely Amazing
UFC 137: Results for 'Penn vs. Diaz' on Oct. 29 in Las Vegas
Anyone got a link to this clip? I loved this week's Inside the NFL clip of Newton getting the game ball, pretending to start crying, getting the whole locker room laughing, then going out of his way to plug his offensive line.
Watch Live Sport Streaming- Football,Tennis,Ice Hockey,Basketball,Baseball
Whoa there, motherfucker - Blaine Gabbert
A new sport
TIL: There's a PTI UK. 
Tony La Russa says he's retiring - ESPN
Why are there no teams in Las Vegas?
Kevin Durant gets bored during the lockout and comes to play flag football at Oklahoma State University
With Yao Ming in retirement, China has lost a valuable asset
Wow
Is UK Basketball Losing a Player?
Manny Pacquiao gagging to get inot the ring and destroy Martinez, he even has a picture of him that he punches!
Kansas Jayhawks Basketball: What Did We Learn from KU's Victory over Pitt State?
Shaq's biography dishes on Kobe feud, LeBron James
I surf because... It was 1 year ago today the surfing community lost Andy Irons. Rest in peace
Longest header ever!!! 
Charlie Pierce on pay-for-play and compensating NCAA athletes
Beckham’s US soccer mission nears end - FT.com
The ESPN business model.
Bears are grinding me to a pulp!
Onion GOOMF: Kevin Kolb Lands New Job Where He Isn't Booed And Tackled As Much
Amazing moments in a soccer game played today
Cricket scandal: is sending three Pakistan players to jail one of the toughest ever responses in sport?
13 rare photos of Michael Jordan - Cool pics but slideshow sorry 
London Olympics announce 12 weeks long festival with host of big name artists! Check it out here
If you don't get sports or think that sports aren't important, you really need to see this: 
Former Penn State coach Jerry Sandusky indicted on felony charges of sex crimes against minors 
Start These 10 Fantasy Football Players In Week 9
If you could choose one athlete, retired or playing, to compete head to head in every sport known to man, who would you pick and why?
Stevie Williams on caddying after split with Tiger Woods: I wanted to shove it up that black arsehole.
Milton Bradley Or Jim Thome, You Decide
Jockey passes Ex-Girlfriend to win the Breeder's Cup Classic
Report: Smokin Joe Frazier Deathly Ill  
Could LSU or Alabama beat an NFL team?
MLS has passed NBA in attendance. Was told that's an awful metric for judging how popular the sport is becoming.
Real Madrid v Osasuna – as it happened
Since 1970, only five rookie QBs have thrown 11 TDs in the first 8 games (including Dan Marino, Peyton Manning, Ben Roethlisberger). Andy Dalton just threw his 12th today.
Torrey Smith | No matter where he's drafted, Smith won't be slowed - Baltimore Sun
Video: How Browns fans feel every Sunday
QB Mark Sanchez Gets Punk'd, flinches, Into A Foul 
Why are Newcastle doing so well?
Marvin Lewis On Suicide Watch After Becoming Winningest Coach In Bengals History 
High school football team allows the losing team to run one last play so that one of their players, who has Down Syndrome could score a touchdown on the final play of his high school football career. - xpost from r/videos
Smokin Joe Frazier died at the age of 67
ESPN has had some awesome commercials over the years, but this has got to be one of the best
Boxer Joe Frazier - dead at 67
Surfer rides 90 foot wave!
What “Tebow-Mania” Reveals About College Football &amp; The NFL
Joe Frazier highlights. RIP
How to earn a permanent ban from basketball
Guess who NFL players voted as the most over rated? see the list.
Didier Drogba is not going to turn out to be a player of AC Milan in January
Dear FIFA, Wearing a poppy is an act of huge respect and national pride. We will remember them!
SPEED BIKE in NEW ZEALAND
What's the general concensus on the Packer's receivers?
I rarely ever agree with Gregg Doyel, but he hits the nail on the head here writing about Paterno
Sandusky painted off Inspiration mural at PSU campus. 
We'll miss you, Joe Pa.
2006 story- Joe Paterno disregards another sexual misconduct case at Florida State
The view outside at Penn St right now
Is the Paterno story the biggest sports story since OJ?
Penn State short statement
Penn State Announces New Coach
Sandusky Scandal: National Media Misses The Mark
Penn State trustees fire Paterno, Spanier
And with this, the Sandusky, PSU thing has just gotten all the weirder.
Support professional wrestler with cerebral palsy Gregory Iron in his quest to get a spot on WWE's Royal Rumble.
Surfer sets new world record by riding 90 foot wave
Perhaps they were in cahoots? DA who didn't charge Sandusky missing since '05. Ray Gricar’s car was found in a Lewisburg parking lot and his laptop, sans hard drive, was found in the Susquehanna River.
What JoPa should have done...
Reporter Mark Madden, broke Jerry Sandusky story 7 months ago.  Also, says NEW pimping allegations about Sandusky to come forward.
Nebraska refuses to reschedule Penn State game, demands security for their players and fans.
Every time I hear the name Jerry Sandusky it makes me want to go to Cedar Point.
Mike McQueary will not attend game this weekend
MLB player Wilson Ramos kidnapped in Venezuela
Kidnapped Baseball Player Wilson Ramos Found Alive and Well - ABC News
Wilson Ramos of the Washington Nationals found alive and well after kidnapping - ESPN
Kidnapped 'Nationals' catcher found alive
Team of Best College Football Players In the Country (Now) vs. 2008 Detroit Lions. Who wins? 
Craig Carton of WFAN destroys a defender of Joe Paterno
has there ever been thought of putting a team of any sport in vegas
Sandusky courted PSU recruits as late as last summer
Preparing For Next Years Basement
Once is enough for monster wave rider
1st Annual Putter King Miniature Golf Scavenger Hunt Official Results
An Association of Outfitters and Guides of all types. Find your next outdoor adventure here!
clean payback for a dirty game last year (UGA vs Auburn)
Rezazadeh's world record broken!!! New snatch record and new Strongest man in the world! 214 KILOGRAMS
These photoshopped assholes are going to ruin my winter.
Will They Boot Paterno from this Hall of Fame?
Should I Laugh Or Cry At This NBA Lockout Song? 
NOW PLAYING: FULL CIRCLE
Sandusky interview with Bob Costas (preview article) to air 10EST/9CT.
Spanish Radio Announcer Goes Loco for Arizona Cardinals TDs
Fuck everything about this.  
unluckiest man alive Sandusky-Costas interview and Costas was amazing
Watch ESPN problems?
While we're on the topic of best ever football plays, here's the best ever football play. 
Why we will never know what happened at Penn State.
Could the Centre County prosecutors charge Joe Paterno under the Child Protective Services law?
A Very Cohesive Timeline of the PSU Scandal
DeSean Jackson suggests inconsistent treatment
The greatest call in sports history? Here's my vote...what's yours?
Portugal beats Bosnia 42-14 with a screamer from Luis Nani
Donald Trump Creates Worlds Best Golf Course
What do they do during the NBA lockout?
I have lost all respect (little that I had) for Chael Sonnen.
So, who do you think is the favorite to win the NCAA title? Early Predictions?
Tiger Woods officially sucks at golf now. Well if by sucking, we mean still good enough to be on the tour and stuff.
Man With Hemophilia Aims to Run 100 Triathlons
One-Legged Cyclist
Syracuse University Basketball Coach Pulls a Sandusky 
Top 5 Heisman Busts in the Last 25 Years
Football/Soccer clubs and their rich owners continue to aim for 1shot championships with complete disregard for long-term success
Isn't it funny how the Syracuse administrators are going out of there way to say they will investigate?
Yale QB withdraws his application for Rhodes scholarship because the committee scheduled his interview during tomorrow's game
I don't want to tread on any toes because I know that some people will never give this a try. For those of you with an open mind and love of competition the largest Starcraft tournament in North America is live this weekend. Check it out and learn what all the fuss is about.
[VIDEO] Lee Corso Drops F-Bomb on College Game Day! The reactions are hilarious.
Found this inhaler in my golf club bag. Seems I haven't played for a while.
The only reason I want no season. Another year this man does not have a ring.
A great new MTB video from Mercedes-Benz.
El Paso being considered as host for WBA Miguel Cotto-Antonio Margarito fight - El Paso Times
Are you a good sport? Twenty sports words
6 Things You Should Know About the Sipadan Island Before You Book Your Diving Trip
Seattle Mariners outfielder Greg Halman slain
Seattle Mariners outfielder Greg Halman slain
The best seats in the house for the Colts this year.
You know it's hard out here for a pitch ...
Watch L.A Galaxys post game celebration in the locker room with Bruce Arena, Landon DOnovan, David Beckham and the rest. BEER EVERY WHERE!
Kyle Orton waived. Back to Chicago?
Major League Baseball players, owners sign new labor agreement 
There is full contact jousting, and I want to see it.
What do the red numbers mean?
Texans' QB Schaub out for the rest of the season
Chiefs claim Kyle Orton
Sue Paterno kicked out of Penn State campus pool -- bit much?
my tip for next chelsea manager is Richie Rich
here is a picture of him showing off to Roy Hodgson
he's all like this is my first job in management and look at all the money i have to spend
and you are like 40 years in it and you are gypsy, gyspy Woy

Nadal: I lacked passion 
Kurrans football bets - After all of last weeks bets came in, check this weeks prediction - Liverpool V Man City, A Bolton win and Soldado to carry on scoring! 
Florida Marlins New Stadium, Early Pictures
The Scrap From The Past: Two 73 year-old ex-Football players go at out at Alumni Luncheon
1644 Total yards.  Here's the Box Score from the IHSA 5A State Championship Football Game.
Best 30 seconds of college basketball so far this season. 
Third Bernie Fine Accuser Comes Forward
Ohio State fan teaches Michigan fans how to update Facebook about win for first time EVER
Tony Romo whooo!? Jason Witten is the Dallas Cowboy's designated ladies man...
Old CFL greats get in a fist fight.  Both over 65 years old HAHAHAHA
Did they just cut to a shot of the Chargers kicker pissing on the sidelines?
Tebow Circle Jerk Commence Once Again!!
Could someone link me...
Hilarious football flop
My great view of the Michigan/Ohio state game!
I need a site like this for basketball. Anyone got any ideas?
Good to see Tupac Helping A Basketball Team Out....UNLV beats UNC
Blackhawks forced to stop using Bulls’ locker room as junk closet as NBA lockout ends
How it feels to be a Habs fan in Toronto right now...
Tim Tebow is the Black Angel Of Death.
Do you think the Colts are throwing games on purpose?
There will be an NBA season | Sportsrageous
Bob Costas' Rant On NFL Touchdown Celebrations: Stevie Johnson's Plaxico Stunt Inspires Monologue (VIDEO)
Raiders at Packers kickoff moves to 3:15 p.m. Dec. 11
As a Hakeem Nicks fantasy owner who just lost by 2 points in a critical matchup, I'd like to say this to the Saints defense and Victor Cruz.
Actual ESPN Poll
Want to play college bowl pick em with fellow redditors?
Drogba and Ballack perhaps headed to MLS after this season.
Too many headers 'can damage the brain'
So naturally the 1st thing I did was search for them
Following the firing of Jack Del Rio, the Jaguars franchise has been sold
Pretty sweet circus shot in college basketball game
Just when I thought the Vikings season couldn't get any worse. 
So excited for the return of Bobby V (sorry for the bad photoshop)
Why I think that the SEC Championship Game will be closer than most think.
TIL that a Michigan basketball recruit, Austin Hatch, has survived two plane crashes piloted by his father. His mother, sister and brother died in the first. His father and stepmother died in the second.
Chronic Genuflector
Being a grammar Nazi, this is painful to read; however, it will never be as painful as being a UCLA football fan.
Deron Williams' jersey retired after just 15 games in Turkey
Freakonomics » The Economic Battlefield of the NBA Lockout (Kind of after-the-fact, but still interesting)
Raider McClain just being a Raider (Assault Arrest)
Gus Johnson knows how to make a call!
Trash Talk: Latest Rumors from the NBA
We have the best traditions at Ohio U (X-Post r/Athensohio)
What vintage logo is this?
Why I Don't Live in L.A. Anymore
Lebron Shocks Fans Once More
Where He Was Playing Basketball
Paralympic cyclist may compete in the Olympics after becoming unparalyzed by a crash--wait, what?
Sportsmanship, the media, and upset fans
I really want a picture of Verne Lundquist on a dining room table tied up like a Thanksgiving turkey
What are the most clever fantasy team names you've seen?
do i have a shot at least?
What will the Cardinals do during the Winter Meetings? Follow us to find out
If Kevin Kolb praised God like Tim Tebow then maybe people wouldn't hate him so much.
Punched Out: The Life and Death of a Hockey Enforcer
70 year old Canadian Football players fight at benefit - Get up you old fart!
Redskins players Fred Davis and Trent Williams suspended 
Brett Favre spoof 
Seen just outside of State College, PA
ATL Braves reliever makes fun of Nickleback on Twitter, Nickleback responds. 
Vegeta's prediction of the BCS National Championship Game
This time of year is when I'm always glad I went to a I-AA football school.
Alabama fans hacked the LSU website. 
“If men like Paterno are our gods, if football is our religion then we have just sacrificed our children on the alter of the nine-yard line.”
Chicago Cubs legend Ron Santo gets a vote from nearly every member to be voted into the Baseball Hall of Fame 1 year after his death. WHEN DID DYING BECOME A BASEBALL ACCOLADE? 
Can't Wait for This! And yes, it does exist.
Oklahoma State defense; 106th in the nation. Nuff' said.
Miami Marlins offer Pujols a ten year contract.
The most overpaid athletes of 2011
Somebody please teach this guy the rules of football [vid]
Game preview - Kings vs Ducks Suck
A Brilliant Golf swing guide which will help your game !!!
The worst call I have seen in any sport, at any level. Worst part: It was also the flagged player's 18th birthday...
The last 27,000 people to find out about Pearl Harbor.  A fascinating look at how the Washington Post covered the Redskins game on Pearl Harbor.
Yu Darvish To Be Posted Thursday
Top 10 NBA games to watch this season
The Angels Owner Who Just Spent $250 Million On Albert Pujols Only Paid $184 Million For The Entire Team In 2003

 

The cost of pujol's contract is too damn high - Too high | Meme Generator
Keep up the Tebowing
Nick Saban's a Dick, In Case You Didn't Know
Q &amp; A – What does the NHL Realignment mean for the Kings?
Virender Sehwag breaks the world record for highest runs in an inning
Albert Pujols $260mill contract overpaid?  Not even close.
Dana White on Mayhem Miller: the worst standup I have ever seen!
What is it with KU head coaches and vegetables ??
Dwight Howard to reportedly ask a trade to the NJ Nets from Orlando and will not report to camp.
Commissioner's trade block a sign of greater problems for NBA? Lack of talent? Over expansion?
TIL about Cal Hubbard: The only man enshrined in both the Pro Football and Baseball Halls of Fame
AAU chief accused of sexual abuse, steps down
The Greatest, Muhammad Ali, Wrastles with an Alligator
learning rules has never been more enjoyable
NCAA Xavier v. Cincinnati Video: fight at the end of the game. Guy comes to stop fight, gets a sucker punch for his trouble.
I am so proud of him for winning the Heisman!
YO! RGIII!!!!
Indiana's Christian Watford game-winning shot vs. Kentucky!
10 year old kid hits half court shot for the win
If any professional athlete from a city could play on any other sports team in that city, who would make the biggest impact?
Yancy Gates decks Kenny Frease in the Cincy vs Xavier game
Bloomington Bar During IU's Last Second Shot
I made everybody take their jersey off, and they will not put it on again until they have a full understanding of where they go to school and... how lucky they are to even be there. - Cincinatti Coach Mick Cronin
Tebow takes time from winning to rub it in everyone's faces with his new hit single
Tebow has convinced me that Jesus works at Buffalo Wild Wings
Ryan Braun's PED test results were insanely high... twice the level of the highest test ever taken.
This onside kick describes the feeling of being a Chiefs fan.
Dan Gilbert to the Rescue
Anyone else play fantasy sports? Lets talk about best and worst trades you have made. I'll start...
What Life is Like if you Don't Like Football
Tim Tebow's Pastor: God Is Saving the Broncos 
Broncos MVP (fixed)
Rose + Howard = Championships! Cha Ching!
(Prediction) The NFL Playoff teams/division winners all the way to the Super Bowl... 
All he does is win - skip
Biggest NFL Story - Tebow or Green Bay going undefeated... Wisconsin looks lonely!
i don't think Hope Solo is a dude but im going to vote for her anyway 
What's to become of Peyton Manning?  [ESPN Insider]
John Rocker Admits Steroid Use During Career (original article)
David Stern is a douche
An odd sports tradition
Harrison suspended one game for hit on Browns' McCoy; is it enough?
What happened to dana jacobson on first take?
Days after the Pearl Harbor bombing, Bruce Smith accepted the Heisman and gave a patriotic speech. 
Sources -- Los Angeles, New Orleans Hornets agree on Chris Paul trade - ESPN Los Angeles
NFL Edits Tomlin Press Conference;@:53 referring to Kemoeatu NOT Harrison
Chicago Bears' Sam Hurd arrested on federal drug charges
Sam Hurd tried to buy huge amounts of cocaine and pot
It's OFFICIAL Chris Paul is headed to LA....
Louis CK on the BS Report!
With a swift mute, beauty unfolds before your eyes
Urban Skiing
In response to the Worst Football Commentator, who is the best Football Commentator?

Students suspended for tebowing ridiculous
Sports and Holidays
Pretty Cool Info Graph!
Best game I've ever been to - what's yours?
Tigers' Al Alburquerque out till All-Star break after elbow surgery 
Is Tim Tebow the new Jesus?
Travesty of the rules? [NHL]
Ohio University defeats Utah State for their first ever 
bowl win in school history
No one represents tennis better than this man. Monfils dancing at Copa Argentina
Well, here's what Dennis Rodman looks like these days
TIL that the '72 Dolphins don't actually pop a bottle of champagne when the last undefeated team loses
Thats Not F*cking Holding!
Insane Basketball Shots Part 2 
Bears' Johnny Knox faces 4 months of recovery following back surgery
HAE Seen Blue Mountain State? All 3 seasons are worth watching, and the sarcastic humor is hilarious!
Metta World Peace responds to question about how some teammates call him Ron and others Metta.
NCAA: Ohio State banned from postseason play next season
should the Akron Zips hire Scot Loeffler to Head Football Coach?
PG&amp;E blames city for Candlestick Park blackout, backtracks quickly
Dennis Rodman as a clown (sadly this is real)
Russian shows off sweet kicking skills.
Game Day at Wisconsin
Philly booed Santa, but Santa still smiles

Willie Fritz Should Have Been Coach of the Year
One of the coolest videos I've seen in a long time...
Matt Garza to be starting for the Red Sox soon?
Tonight was the first Devils game I went to and they won! 
Frolik Navidad: Chicago Blackhawks Sing-Along Holiday Album
4 picks vs. the lowly Bills and a 40-14 loss. It's official Tebow, Jesus hates you.
A Brain going Bad. Fantastic article by John Branch at the NYTimes on the sad story of NHL star Derek Boogaard, and how concussions essentially took his life at the age of 28. 
LSU in Afghanistan? Yep, Thanks to 926th Engineer Co.

Cowboys Lose to Eagles, Eagles Playoff Hopes Over
Why do coaches and players argue with the refs/officials when they never change their decision?
Why watching Chauncey play well last night depressed me... (x-post from r/nba)
Is it okay to root for teams that aren't your favorite if you're favorite teams are miserably awful?
So the NBA has Bieber, and Monday Night Football just had Betty White...
The Grantland Staff recalls the defining sports moments of 2011
NBC's Launch of Sports Network May Change the Landscape of College Football
Welcome to Cam-a-lot!
Red Sox get closer, OF from A's.
future all star point guard
What are some of your favorite sports announcer bloopers and double entendres?
Are there any notable instances of wild card teams winning the whole championship?
Indian team devastated due to poor batting- Victory to Australia 
NBA Game Review: Celtics @ Hornets 

I want to be like MIKE...engaged to a hottie!!!
Skiurlaub mit Skipass im Skigroßraum
Owens back in pads soon?
Normally, I can't stand Rick Reilly. But this is a very good read.
T't't't'taaaall!
Epic NFL playoff runs. Beast Mode got snubbed tho
This has probably been said before, but this guy has the worst job in all of professional sports
West Bromwich Vs Everton Match Highlights 1st January 2012
Got nothing else to do on New Year's Eve? Why not watch 2 guys break world records simultaneously?!
NY Giants helmet:  a chain-link fence and Darth Vader’s mask - to intimidate or protect?
What we think will happen Browns vs. Steelers
Saints Roll Over Panthers, 45-17 | Football Nation
Anywhere I can stream the Houston vs. Penn State game?
Adrian Petereson celebrates the New Year
Haha, can someone dvr that offsides Penn State at the 1:43 mark after the Houston TD
You know you're amazing when you score 60 and your opponent is cheering for you.
Worst cartographer ever?
Raffi Torres and Adam McQuaid hockey fight. Torres got what he deserved.
The Inspiration for Oregon's Rose Bowl Jerseys
Giants could make some noise in the playoffs
Lions’ loss to Green Bay could come back to haunt them
The Sacramento Kings and DeMarcus Cousins need to call it quits while they both still can.
San Diego Chargers coach Norv Turner, GM A.J. Smith to keep jobs...What?
Jason Taylor's final locker room speech.  Very touching.
Why The Bowl Championship Series Is The Holy Roman Empire Of Sports: NPR
Tim Howard just scored a goal from 100+ yards out
Michigan Football may be 'doin their thang, but things are rough for the Pistons
Everton goalkeeper Tim Howard becomes the fourth goalie in Premier League history to score a goal
How many College Football Bowl are there?
Orange is in full effect at this Virginia Tech game
Here's a video I took at the Winter Classic Alumni Game. It is of the introduction that Eric Lindros got when introduced.
West Virgina player tackles mascot.
Lions fan going to New Orleans for the game on saturday.....I NEED SIGN IDEAS!!!! HALP?
TThe NHL's planned division re-alignment has been blocked by the NHLPA.
Cyborg suspended for steroids
Boxing:  Amir Khan's fears that a mystery man may have interfered with the scoring during the controversial loss of his world titles to Lamont Peterson will be examined by the WBA.
What I think about when people talk about the World Cups.
Last year we complained there was too much snow, now this year we complain there isn't an
Probability of consecutive fouls called on one team in NCAA basketball games (scroll down a bit)
In American football, if a quarterback throws the ball such that it becomes wedged in between the receiver's helmet and face mask and doesn't move, would that be a completion? Would the player have possession of the ball?
The strange bOUnce Sunday Six-Pack, Featuring Alex Ferguson, Roberto Mancini, Alan Pardew, Hockey And A Penalty
Ricky Rubio had 14 assists off the bench today, to go with his 13 pts. 
Steelers must bench safety Ryan Clark whose blood disorder prevents him from playing in high altitudes
Just a nerd, wanting to learn football(American)
Ben Roethlisberger And Knee Injury Side By Side
Awesome, once-in-a-lifetime kickoff to start the Steelers-Broncos game.
Jorge Posada, my man, hangs it up
PBA bowler doesn’t let go of ball, falls in gutter
Broncos won, brother trolled. Great day!
Did anyone else see Big Roethlisberger after the game?
Besides typing like a retard, I really feel bad for D. West, one of my fav ex-cavs players
Anyone know of good alternatives to official broomball shoes?
The Magic Of Tim Tebow
Decker out for Patriots Game [Insider]
The Chargers are staying in San Diego through 2012
The Similarities of this Movie and the Denver Broncos this Year are pretty darn close!
Rashard Lewis fights with Sam Cassell, refuses to play
My thoughts on the Bowl Championship Series.
Trent Richardson going HAM on LSU on Twitter
University Coaches Screwing Players over (not Penn State)
Tim Tebow spawns eight brainy theories...including 'Tim Tebow is a football troll'
Rodin: The real original Tim Tebow
Tim Tebow enter the Matrix
This Tebow thing has gone too far
The square root of 9420 (the amount of tweets per sec after Tebow's game winner) divided by 3 is almost 31.6!!! ARMAGEDDON!!!
Story of the man who cut Michael Jordan from his HS basketball team
Chicago Bulls' Derrick Rose hopes to hold President Barack Obama to his promise
In my view, the most amazing catch in all sports. 
Why the BCS needs to die
Tebow being courted by GOP Candidates for endorsement 
Seriously when did the NFL turn into TMZ?
After last night's championship, I hope your ready to see more of these guys
Fantasy Sports Stock Market? StarStreet.com
Tebow Magic, like it or hate it, he is a ratings magnet!
Manny Pacquiao:  48 hours to decide if he'll fight floyd
Go team!
Rotoworld is playing it pretty safe on their expected combine measurables. 
Bayern Munich,you are not the only team that can knock us 4:0
It tells me they have a lot of crazy polls out there. I hope people see I'm real and genuine. I hope they see that I make a ton of mistakes but that I always get back up and try again.
And the torment continues...
This is strength and core
Patriots warming up on the sidelines tonight
Jesus Overslept (x/post from /adviceanimals)
I believe that Harbaugh is an AMAZING coach, but I think the 49ers should give a bit of credit to this man too
Made a Detroit lions wallpaper. What do you think?
Thoughts Cubs fans?
Today is /r/RedditDayOf Sporting Heroes. Please head over and submit your favorite content.
Found this gem of Andy Reid over the weekend
I am extremely sad that this guy is retiring. He is one of my childhood sports heroes. Kudos to you Peja Stojakovic.
Sad Packer Fan
Indianapolis Colts fire Jim Caldwell after NFL-worst 2-14 season - ESPN
Tigers' V-Mart likely out for season.
Effort in Martial Arts
Never stop shedding light on PSU
Yes, I will be doing this for the next 17 days. The countdown has begun
Could it really be the end of the Celtics' Big 4?
Canadian freestyle skier Sarah Burke dead at 29
'MLB 12: The Show' box art revealed - ESPN
Sports rage. gotta love this guy
Why the Giants will beat the spread...
St. Louis Rams to play London games for next 3 years - ESPN
Trinity’s 252 Consecutive Squash Victories and 7 Other Insane, Underrated Sports Winning Streaks
This is how I feel sometimes, when I talk to other fans.
Alabama Teabagger turns himself in.
Nike Unveils Wristband That Measures Athletes' Movements
A Bullied NFL Fans Plea
Joe Paterno near death. His wife encouraged close friends and family to come see him. 
Paterno near death
Joe Paterno Is Reportedly Near Death [UPDATE]
Listen To Penn-Saint Joe's Live HERE!
JoePa still fighting, reports inaccurate.
Social media sets off firestorm of false reports that Joe Paterno died 
Tomas Berdych booed off the tennis court after refusing to shake hands
You know you're a Cundiff you miss the biggest kick of your life.
Why do they flag for excessive celebration?
Joe Paterno, former Penn State football coach, dies at 85 - The Washington Post
Good Guy Greg (Punzo)
Me, watching the end of the Patriots/Ravens game
Another Patriots-Giants Super Bowl?
I would have NEVER guessed these two at the start of the season
Super Bowl XLVI Set: Giants vs. Patriots
Patriots favored by Vegas books to win Super Bowl
I was going to beat the Giants... Then I took a football to the knee
Eli watch out!
I used to be a punt returner
Amiright about the helmets?
Possible late hit; definite bonecrusher.
Tebow Mania: It's in the Diction
Ravens' Ray Lewis attacks retirement questions head on: He's not quitting 
As a brother, the Manning-Manning relationship gets me everytime. 
Lion at Rest
Making Things Right
I don't surf, but now I wish I did
Athletes on Twitter, funny or pathetic?
From Heisman to Tony???
Joe Paterno: The Man, The Myth, The Legend
That gnarly mustache on the 49ers sideline is The Bro. 
Oh hell no. New Astros owner considering name change.
What LeBron Needs to do to achieve Greatness
Here's an idea... Penalties/Fouls given for FLOPPING!
Chicago Blackhawks Mid-Season Report Card.
Wizards fire Flip Saunders
Kerry Warren of the Seattle Mist on all things LFL
Hope Solo and Alex Morgan. Day=Made
Kyle Williams: Giants had been targeting Williams all game because of his concussion history. 
Mark Cuban: NBA players in Olympics is ‘epitome of stupidity’
All hockey fans (Especially Montreal Canadiens fans) will appreciate this. Did Scott Gomez score?!
Once-in-a-Lifetime Trip. Awesome story of a fan from Norway travelling to see his favorite NBA team.
See Michael Jordan's Original Nike Contract
10 year old girl breaks world squat powerlifting record  for 97 pound class
They're trying to ban Sharapova from grunting. God No
NBC NFL Theme dubbed with Clone Troopers montage. 
China's take on the Super Bowl!
Cricket - What does India do from here?
I was there on last March 8, when Sharapova &amp; Azarenka squared off against in a preview demonstration of the Austrialia Open final at Matt Knight Arena, in Eugene, Oregon.  Federer &amp; Nadal played a set and they concluded with a mixed doubles set.  What a night it was at Matt Knight arena!
Steps involved in reading an article on espn.com
NC State hits 85 foot buzzer beater at end of first half
Best Opening Batsmen in Test Cricket
Ricky Ponting – Australia’s best since Bradman
A Day in the Life of Superstar Fighter Rashad Evans
Georgia's cheerleader can beat up your cheerleaders, even the males
Colten Moore falls 120 feet during a run in the Winter X-Games
Some New York Giants players admitted to attempting to concuss Kyle Williams.
Anyone hear about the Missouri basketball fans and the No-Mom-Tom rumor?
Remember that Yale QB that gave up a chance at the Rhode's Scholarship to play with his team?  Yea well maybe the reason isn't what you think.
For fans of the Patriots.
VVS Laxman – The batting artist from Hyderabad
MS Dhoni
When the superbowl was named, did it sound as ridiculous as if we named a new national championship game the Amazing Bowl or the Awesome Bowl?  The first words wouldn't have to start with an A.  Those are the first two that popped in my head... 
College Football Signing Day | The Onion
Watching the Pro Bowl is like 
Shaun White earns perfect score, five-peats in Winter X Snowboard SuperPipe
(half) White Men Can Jump
Michael Clarke
Went to this game, and witnessed The Kedrick Dunk (formerly The Mozgove)  by Blake Griffin. Just pure awesome!
This kid is Amazing. Still in High School, and only 18 years old.
One of the greatest sporting events of all time happens this weekend: The Krispy Creme Challenge
Orlando Magic's Dwight Howard would be OK playing for Chicago Bulls 
Mike Tyson enters another Hall of Fame, this time WWE
Base Jumping Off The World’s Most Insane Swimming Pool
Hey Blake your dunk was good and all, but...
Sporty
English Premiere League Football
Blake Griffin's a beast
Gotta love Johkim! 
Bust Day For Inter As They Also Sign Palombo From Sampdoria
United Sign Frederic Veseli From Man City
Chicago Blackhawks VS Vancouver Canucks 1-31-12 Recap | Feed The Button!
Do the Coughlin
The only logical Alabama fan I ever came across
And the award for college football recruit that you least want to play dreidel against goes to...
Today is the anniversary of cricket's underarm bowling incident
Signing day 2012: Alabama has top-rated recruiting class 
A Super Bowl Preview For People Who Don’t Know Football
The NFL doesn't care about player safety.  They DO care about money though.
Sam Gagner scores 8 Points and named First, Second and Third star of the game.
Former West Indies captain Jimmy Adams to connect Kent as head trainer | Entertainment Planet
'They use you up': Hall of Famer Tony Dorsett suing NFL over concussions.
DAE think the fines handed out in professional sports are absurd?
Eighth-grader scores 41 points, 26 in the second half, and grabs 7 rebounds to lead his high school team to league championship final.
Nike's now profiting off of Black History Month
They've officially run out of football headlines...
Josh Hamilton relapses a few months after fan dies.
Football is America's civil religion, but sports and Christianity have a rocky past
80's Themed Hockey Intro
The Modern Super Bowl
Officials warn of tightened security at Super Bowl; fans urged to pack lightly - Is this really necessary?
Lance Armstrong doping inquiry closed
Top 10 Jason Kidd to Kenyon Martin oops...Original Lob City
Me in the past two weeks (xpost from /r/BostonSports)
The Nine Biggest Super Bowl Fails of All-Time 
Patriot fan makes a super bowl anthem... I guess this is a thing now
Take Two Minutes During the Superbowl to Sign...and Make a Difference...Urgent Call for Help
Gators and Vandy Ready for Shootout
Scumbag Steve - attempts to have intelligent sports discussion
Ranieri: “Roma v Inter, important for all of us”
Honda Keeps Serie A Dreams Alive
Brett Favre's last supper
Giants Website Prematurely Reveals Super Bowl Winner
Nick Diaz, it was a close fight and a tough loss, what are your thoughts?
Amazing open-ice hit by John Ramage (UW) on Nick Oliver (SCSU)
Gonzalo Higuain Wallpaper #1 | Real Madrid
/r/sports: is there anywhere online to watch the superbowl for people not in the US?
Puppy Bowl 2012 MVP: Aberdeen was robbed!
Shut Off The Teleprompter
Giants 21 Patriots 17: New York triumph in Super Bowl XLVI with bizarre touchdown
CAS sanction Contador with two year ban in clenbuterol case
This was Times Square last night, right after the Giants won the Super Bowl. [VIDEO]
even have time to sh*t on Patriots 
The ideal Super Bowl halftime show.
Giants join prestigious list of ticker tape parade honorees
Urban Fist Parkour Jam - Santa Monica
The World POG Championships! - Lets Take it to the slam cam to see what really went down.
Denver Broncos running back Moreno receives DUI for doing 75 in a 45 while driving his Bentley - In rare irony his license plate reads SAUCED.
Skydiver falling from space
Combat veteran aspires to play college football.
Blake Griffin Using a Shake Weight
Too late for sentiment in Manning decision
2012 St. John's Softball Season Outlook
Ndamukong Suh, former Grant High star, ranked as nation's No. 4 most-disliked athlete (xpost from /r/portland/)
Playoff Baseball, Pregnant Wives, and Souvenir Cups
the remarkable career of kobe bryant
Found a Picture of Duke G Austin Rivers
Duke stuns UNC on Rivers' last-second 3-pointer
This is still a Cruz and Nicks game. I mean I know we’re right on them, it’s tight. But those are still the guys. Make them go to Manningham... But let’s make sure we get Cruz and Nicks. - Bill Belichick (SB XLVI)
Will Ferrell's Does The Bulls Introductions
The best of the Jeremy Lin memes
Bradying Didn't this appear first on Reddit a few days ago?
Omaha girls basketball team receive technical foul for charity effort.
Will Ferrell announces the Bulls' starting lineup
A fan of Austin Rivers
Nick Diaz Tests Positive for Marijuana...Again
OMEGA Dubai Desert Classic Live Stream European Tour Watch GOLF Online Free 
http://www.care2.com/c2c/groups/disc.html?gpp=32988&amp;pst=1528763

http://www.care2.com/c2c/groups/disc.html?gpp=32988&amp;pst=1528763
Lakers Plan To Retire Shaq’s #34?  
Six Stories of Sportsmanship
Best hit of the '11-12 Football season
An interview with the co-founder of Ultimate Tazer Ball. Yes, it's a sport.
Paraplegic Athlete Lands First Seated Ski Backflip
Even in defeat, Afghanistan make a powerful statement
Thank you, god--Alex Morgan in SI swimsuit issue IN BODYPAINT!!!
Lin-Possible? Jeremy Lin T-shirt
Jeremy Lin drops 38 points to beat Kobe Bryant and the Lakers
Jeremy Lin is blowing up on the national stage
Jeremy Lin: I would be a pastor. It is something I think about doing when my playing days are over.
How about some younger Linsanity?
Dear Reddit, my first post here - video feature on Tom Coughlin. Am I doing it right?
Bill Murray wears a Ghillie Hunting Suit and punts a football to fans at AT&amp;T Pebble Beach Pro-Am
What's up with Carlos Boozer's hair?
Choosing The Ideal Sipadan Resort For Ones Desires
This videobomb had me cracking up so hard for some reason
Olympic swimmer proposes to girlfriend from medal stand
New Zealander Bevan Docherty says he was snubbed by Lance Armstrong after winning the Panama half ironman on Sunday and knocking the seven-time Tour de France winner into second place in his first professional triathlon.
Reddit Help my friend get to Arizona for the MLB Fan Cave!!
Michigan high school basketball player hits full-court shot during game (video)
Hockey Playing Robot.  DARwin-OP 
The best college basketball player is that senior guard who's been around forever and shoots the shot no one should take.
Upon reading through the Redskins ESPN power rankings since 2002, here are a few gems...
Baseball star Josh Hamilton to grant first one-on-one interview to GBTV following his relapse
NBA's top defenders accept the infamy of being on the wrong end of monster slams
Crouching tiger...
Blake Griffin Dunk More Beautiful Than a Bag
Sports should be renamed /lin
NY Post takes Linsanity to the next level
Mabul Resorts
The Spectrum of Racism - sums up just about all the comments in Jeremy Lin posts
Jeremy Lin Puns
Poll: Most annoying coverage - Lin or Tebow? (the choice is easy here, folks)
What Jeremy Lin Teaches Us About Talent 
Stay Warm with Lucas Oil Speedway This Weekend
some great fancy soccer footwork!
What is it like to play in the same team as Jeremy Lin?
Jeremy Lin and race: Bigotry in sports is nothing new 
Please Help My School Bring Back Football! Two Sugar bowls, one orange bowl, mulitiple NFL hall of famers, one fruity priest decided he didn't want us to play any more! WE WANT TO PLAY! 
Before Jeremy Lin: Asian athletes abound in pro sports
I think I have a NEW NEW favorite sports fan
I love the Ripstik Caster Board - Everyone ought to have one!  Just wish I had the balance for it!
Duff McKagan (drummer for Guns N' Roses) on the recent LINsanity
Should the Knicks' Jeremy Lin play in the All-Star game?
Who can get a table at NYC's most exclusive restaurants: Eli Manning or Jeremy Lin?
RIP - Hall of Fame catcher Gary Carter dies at 57
How big is the gap between collegiate and professional teams?
Wonder whats on SportsCenter today.
Tim Tebow reads Dr. Seuss
Baseball game where the only hit was a home run?
Action Shot of my Teammate (in yellow) from a Recent Game (xpost:rugbyunion)
Harvard kids seem to be getting the hang of this sports stuff | Death and Taxes
Which sport had more spectators worldwide last year, Cricket or Badminton?
IT'S OVER! The last people to be able to watch Jeremy Lin and the Knicks? People who live in NY. 
Jeremy Lin and Gov.Cuomo force Time Warner Cable and MSG to end their dispute! GAME STARTS TONIGHT AT 8
OK, OK, So Jeremy Lin of the New York Knicks Is on Fire - The Daily Beast
Accidental racism in reference to Jeremy Lin? I feel his skin colour should have nothing to do with his talent.
Any Track/Cross-Country runners out there? Millersville University in Pennsylvania is cutting Cross-Country and their Track program will end at the end of the season.  Help reverse their decision.
Cross-post from /r/fencing. My high Olympic-hopeful school fencing coach was interviewed by CBS news. We've scored two state championships under her and we're fighting for a third right now.
The guy on sportscenter just said, 'Ace, you can ride my tail anytime.'
Australia defeats India with a well-balanced performance 
Jeremy Lin - Player Profile ft. DOC_BIZZY
College Football Playoff
Alamo Venom Youth Football...Go from regular to spectacular with our DIMENSIONAL DECALS! The 3-D design is a great way to add a new look to your existing football helmet decals.  Check out this new dimensional design recently made for the Alamo Venom Youth Football Organization.
Rumors Flying that Bulls’ Rose wants a Trade for Lakers’ Pau Gasol  | Lakers Nation
Looking at next season already
Jeremy Lin Can't Be Stopped! But This Bozo Thinks so...
Every time I turn on Sportscenter and they're doing a Tebow vs. Lin comparison [0:07]
Mandarin renderings of Linsanity
NBA sports writers, talking heads, and columnist;  Please stop calling me racist!
Ricky Ponting bids farewell to ODIs 
This year's NBA Celebrity Game is gonna be broadcast live via Facebook
The Secret to Jeremy Lin's Success
Quinn Ranting about Tebow
Created website for texting/emailing fantasy player news, need testers.
Dwight Howard could be everything Lebron had hoped he could. Brilliant plan for Dwight.
#1 Kentucky rallies from 13 down to beat Mississippi State on the road
Hey Colorado, what do you think of Melo and Lin playing together?
Can the NFL Learn from Rugby when it Comes to Concussions? Fan Perspective - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
True Sportsmanship
32 Years Ago today...
If you could have any sports related figure do an AMA, who would it be?
J.R. Smith reportedly fined $1 million by Chinese team
Nike Reveals Nike+ Basketball [Video]
Do pros deserve more $?
Former LA Clippers center, Keith Closs, Says He Drank Alcohol During Games
Jeremy Lin's father responds to his recent success
Recap Of The 66-61 Win Over Minnesota
The Best Team?
Tmz has idiot employees
Why does Seattle have to steal another city's basketball team. Why can't Seattle and the NBA just create a new franchise?
Asian American group wants no ‘fortune cookie,’ ‘grasshopper’ jokes in Jeremy Lin coverage
NL MVP Ryan Braun's 50 game suspension is successfully appealed. 
Note to self: If you ever need to pass a drug test, ship the sample via FedEx. Braun wins appeal because his urine sat at a FedEx station too long, thereby breaking the chain of command. Not guilty is very different from innocent
ESPN apparently believes Kirk Cousins is a Wolverine.
I don't know much about sports, but my 15 year old nephew sure does!  What do you think of his new video blog?
A screenshot from ESPN.com today. Lin much?
What the what?!?!
Extreme Sports Compilation 2012
EXTREME Sports Compilation
Massive crash from the finish of the Craftsmen Truck race at Daytona, Truck flies into the fence
Greg Monroe trolls John Wall during rising stars game
Plenty of skeptics in NY Mets clubhouse after Ryan Braun wins appeal of 50-game ban for performance-enhancing drugs
Prediction
MIA + Hockey
ESPN Montage that featured Five for Fighting's 100 Years
Long-term sports question for my class, was wondering what you guys thought?
Ryan Braun, Michael Morse, and Telling the Truth about PED use.
Hunter Kills Competition Mahan Ensues
I know there's a lot of SF Bay Area people on reddit, so for you Warriors fans: the midseason report card
Ethan Albright Writes a Letter to John Madden » UrbanGrounds
Cristiano Ronaldo Amazing BACKHEEL GOAL!
INFLATABLE ATHLETES: Before And After Steroids
Olympics Yoga poses as Olympic sport: Is that a stretch? 
A federal judge has ruled that the Big Ten and Fox Broadcasting do not have to produce confidential documents in a class action that claims the NCAA forced thousands of college athletes to sign away rights to their own images and cheated them out of profits from DVD and video game
Michael Jordan's Frustration
A.J. Burnett gets Dan McCutchen’s uni number in exchange for opening a college fund for McCutchen’s daughter
What a save mr. fisherman!
Tiger Woods Wanted to be a Navy Seal 
Are the Washington Nationals poised to become a better version of the '86 Mets? 
Is Dwyane Wade a wanted man?
I'll just leave this here (NSFW)
The U.S. beat Italy for the first time ever and they did it in Italy. Nice work guys.
Michael Jordan's house is on sale. $29 Million OBO!
ESPN's First Studio Broadcast - September 7, 1979
I guess throwing should have been added to the 5 D's of dodgeball... 
Derrick Williams
A quick look in to mixed martial arts. Hard work pays off!
Which team stands to gain more in a trade of Amar'e + Chandler, or Melo + Chandler for Dwight Howard?
Save Clipper Darryl! x/Post from r/nba
Last night, for no good reason, a formula for ranking the Major League Baseball organizations formed in an area of my brain that probably should be used for better things. Here's how the list turned out.
President Obama Knew about Jeremy Lin before you did
Jewish team gets court order to move game time
Peyton Hillis' story grows more bizarre. Citing team sources, ESPN reported that Hillis pondered retirement at the end of the season and that he expressed interest in joining the CIA. 
Film Study: LeBron In The Post
This kid is either the next JC or the next MJ (Basketball player of course)
Vote on the Best Linsanity T Shirt Design - NY Times
Carve Out A Sick Physique With Snowboarding
Shit soccer players say
This is awesome – Wilt Chamberlain’s Game Log from the 1961-62 season (Be sure to check out the minutes column).
Who's Ducking Whom? A History of the Failed Mayweather vs. Pacquiao Negotiations...
In anticipation of the 2012 games, I present to you the most hilarious hurdle performance ever.
ESPN needs to stop covering hockey...
Turns out a few NFL teams had bounty systems in place.
New Orleans Saints, Sean Payton Found Guilty Of Bounty Program, Injuring Players For Money
Youtube Video of Peyton Manning Throwing after Surgery at Duke
If you can hold a fork you can play for York: Since 2006 Toronto's York University Lions football team has racked up a record of 3 wins and 45 losses including being shut out 80-0 to Queen's University in 2008
Australia take a lead in finals over Sri Lanka 
Oakland A's 2012 Preview
You had me at strippers
My late-night ruminations on sports.
Sports for Dorks is my favorite sports blog out there that is relatively obscure. What's yours? 
German coach selects Makassar Football Players
Toronto Maple Leafs Run For The Cup Video
B.S. Report: Barack Obama
Former New York Mets star, Lenny Dykstra, sentenced to three years in jail for grand theft auto and filing false financial statements.

Sources: Any Number Of Players Could Be Traded To Nearly Any Combination Of Teams
Can someone explain to me why everyone is upset about the Bounty System in the NFL?
It's Just Curtis Being Curtis
Williams was summoned to New York after apologizing for and admitting to overseeing the program the last three seasons with a pool that reached as high as $50,000. Payoffs were made for inflicting game-ending injuries on targeted players.
'Any Given Sunday' Concept Works...In 344-Team College Basketball (Mind = Blown)
Everybody Loves Draft Picks
Thank you, Peyton Manning and the Colts, for taking some attention away from us this week.  Love, the Saints.
Orlando lives in fear of being abandoned by Superman
Mayweather Promotions The Champ is back at work! — at Mayweather Boxing Club. Mayweather vs Cotto
Peyton Manning – More Than an Icon to This Tennessee Boy 

50 Photos Of NBA Dads Being Awesome
How were major boxing fights broadcasted before Pay Per View?
March Madness
Sky confirms no current Sky Sports F1 Android app plans
Tigers the only undefeated team. I know it's the preseason but I can't help being giddy about it!
MLS Starts this weekend, Games televised nationally this sunday on  NBCSN on sunday and ESPN2 on monday night, I am going to the DC United game
So the Colts just cut some more of their most recognizable faces.
Column: McIlroy is the new face of golf
DHONI DENIES RIFT REPORTS - CRICKET NEWS UPDATE
Wah-Wah Hockey, Down Goes Cricket! But Will The Celebrations Last Long?
KU baseball rolls, 14-1
Where do you think Peyton Manning will end up, Reddit?
U.S. Marine thanks karma for winning $2.9 million jackpot at the Bellagio
SBNation &amp; YouTube team up for sports channel
Peyton Manning a Comeback? But Where?
I just won a Nate Kaeding signed football.  How wrong would it be if I just played football with it?
Videos from Panels from MIT Sloan Sports Analytics Conference (including Bill James, David Gill, Steve Paglicua, Jeff Lunhow, Drew Carey, Daryl Morey, John Hollinger, Jeff van Gundy, Eric Mangini, Bill Simmons, and more)
Here are 5 future Hall of Fame athletes. Which one do you think has taken too much HGH?
A small bracket competition, not a lot of entries...winner gets $25 to Fandango
Don't know which March Madness picks to make? Try a blindfold bracket
Injured again, T.J. Ford will retire
Reddit March Madness bracket pool?
The GIF Bracket: The Quest For The Greatest Animated Sports GIF Of All Time - SBNation.com [x/post from r/gifs]
If Gerald Green's dunk was a video game (click for bigger size)
NCAA Tourney time and upsets are all the craze.. here's the Top 10 of All Time
Just subscribed to this youtube channel. Short, funny and insightful. 
Brian Wilson's Beard
How does the Lakers and Clippers share Staples Center, do they repaint every time? 
The simple rule that ruins it all for Man City... 
Boluspor Beşiktaş Maçı 22 Mart 2012
Syracuse Center Fab Melo will not play in the NCAA Tourney due to eligibility issues.
Pacquiao in serious legal trouble over in the Philippines
Brandon Marshall to the Bears!
President Obama's Final Four picks are in...and they are predictably chalky
I just filled out my Reddit pick'em bracket. 
My day as a Syracuse basketball fan...
Everyone should have one of these
Brewers pitcher Tim Dillard does a hilarious impression of Tim Kurkjian
What Polish soccer fans do in the off season.
BYU rallys back from an NCAA tournament record 25 point deficit.
Jeremy who?
For Anyone Who Hates/Loves Terrible Sports Headline Puns
Dwight Howard’s indelicate trade deadline work is causing all sorts of problems
Dwight Howard Trade Rumors: Clippers, Heat Possible Landing Spots?
Mike D'Antoni is out as the New York Knicks' head coach 
Mark D'Antoni Resigns as Knicks Head Coach
Source: Dwight Howard plans to stay with Magic through 2012-13... | www.wftv.com
NBA Store posts Dwight Howard Nets shirts for sale
Logo Lunacy Round 1: Deciding the best logo in college sports
Lakers get PG Ramon Sessions from Cavaliers
Lakers Trade Derek Fisher to Rockets
Chad Ochocinco has a light saber dick.
Luke: Kobe, its my time to shine.
How I feel watching Sports Center tonight
Jeremy Lin Likely To See Reduced Role Under New Knicks Coach Mike Woodson
What else do you expect when you get the Bobcats and Nets playing each other?
How all of our brackets look right now
Today summed up..
How I feel about Mizzou and Duke losing today.
After todays games, my bracket went to hell today. Heres how i feel about it.
Great title. Its almost like they planned it.
WGN Morning News in Chicago has an awkward interview with Dick Vitale
Beat the #1 overall seed? Why not Hoiberg?
10 Reasons Why March Madness Destroys The NBA
Why your girls brackets beat yours every year
LeBron Went South But His Mom Rides West
Skaters Brave Breakneck Speeds on Icy Downhill
How bout them WOLFPACK!
Dat Ass
broken arm from soccer drugs solved my problem
Is Peyton Manning Who We Thought He Was? Part III
Peyton Manning Picks Denver Broncos
NFL's Reaction to Saints Bounty Program is Strategic and Hypocritical
Dubai Australian Cup has US winner
NY Mets owners settle Madoff case, avoid trial
The Passion of Tim Tebow
Peyton Manning's deal with Broncos: 5 years, $96 million
It's official: Peyton Manning goes to Broncos 
Like my seats at the NAIA division I championship game? 
All Access: Grand Rapids Griffins - Road to the NHL on Vimeo (x-post from r/hockey)
BANGLA DESH BEAT SRI LANKA TO REACH INTO FINAL
Rose and his Deadly Crossover
Tim Tebow Traded to the Jets
Tebow a Jet
Skip Bayless FTW? One-on-One With ESPN’s Top Trash Talker
Saints coach Payton suspended one year 
Tim Tebow Trade Rumors: NY Jets get their own Jeremy Lin
Gotta love Tebow people.
Not So Fast!  Tebow Trade Hots Snag
Tebowmania vs Linsanity...who wins?
Fabrice Muamba Legally Dead for 78 Minutes, Saved By Persistence of Paramedics
The Real Home Run King! I Don't Know Why Noone Else Points This Out
Kobe Bryant on Derek Fisher: “I’m going to demolish him…that’s why we love each other”
Does anyone else see a black Taylor Hall?
Rags To Riches: Unheralded Recruits In The Sweet 16
Tebow
My buddy Brian Green is fighting KIMBO Slice on Sat. Match 24!!!
Washed-Up Air Bud signs with Greek Pro Team (Onion)
Who are the top 5 most famous athletes in the world today (still actively playing their sports)?
Peyton's speech: The ultimate teaching opportunity for any coach or father
Jeff Saturday to the Packers.
Satan and Jesus Discuss Peyton Manning and Tim Tebow
Quincy Acy of Baylor Thunderous Inbounds Alley-Oop Dunk!
Why did Lakers Coach Mike Brown decide to start Sessions? 'Cuz it's Friday, and he didn't have sh*t to do!
Pakistan is new champion of asian cricket.
Footballer Billy Sharp's moving tribute after the death of his baby son
Why did the Knicks struggle against the zone defense yesterday given that Steve Novak is on their team?
Every Single Lionel Messi Goal For Barcelona : 234 in total , watch the magic since 2005
The Internet is taking over.  Exhibit A: Gilbert Arenas
Norfolk Admirals Win 20 Games in a Row!
The rules for the sport I invented, Howland Rounders. It already has a 8 revised editions, and a local league. 
While Ohio State point guard, Aaron Craft, heads to the final four, his brother, Brandon, heads to Afghanistan.
This was totally worth getting up early on a Sunday morning for...
Tiger Woods fights to maintain one-stroke Bay Hill lead
The state of North Carolina doesn't have faith in their Tar Heels
Despite 10 hits, the Panthers came up short: Lose to Woodgrove 7-2
An unconventional way to chew gum
Boxing historian Bert Sugar has died
Amway Arena, the former home of the Orlando Magic, was demolished today
The Story of Minor League Guy
Mangled Horses, Maimed Jockeys.  The new economics of horse racing are making an always-dangerous game even more so, as lax oversight puts animal and rider at risk..
Bolt espera repetir el triplete de Pekín 2008
Chelsea planning to bid $158,000,000 for Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo and Gonzalo Higuaín
Bill Parcells might coach Saints next season
State rules bar Down Syndrome student from playing his favorite sport, basketball. 
My surgeon says I can do snow sports if i wear a brace. Is skiing or snowboarding harder on knees (considering busted ACL)?
Tim Tebow is really excited.
Every time I see Terrence Jones...
Kobe Bryant's New $329,000 Ferrari
TIM TEBOW - NYC -Ghostbusters Remix
Move over Vince Carter!
Tim Tebow trade surprised Mark Sanchez: Do Jets already have a QB controversy?
ESPN, what is this shit?  A concern meter?
Dodgers sold to Magic Johnson! Ding dong the witch is dead!
This tragic miss by my high school was to tie the game to go into overtime in the state championship... brutal
talk about controlling a game
Where else will you find references to Rick Ross, Charles Manson and Houston Dynamo soccer in the same day?
John Elway on Peyton Manning's decision: Truly one of the most exciting times of my life.
Referee Dishes Out Five Red Cards After the Game in the Locker Room, is this valid?
Hines Ward hints he wouldn't mind coaching at Georgia
Favorite Headline Today-Louisville Cardinals fan punches Kentucky Wildcats fan dialysis clinic - ESPN
The 'Jetbow': Tebow's 3.5lb Meat Monstrosity at the Carnegie Deli
Real Life Edit │ Parkour
Minor League pitching coach rips pitchers (drops F-bomb about 120 times in 4 minutes)
A few reasons I hate my favorite baseball team
Sol Neelman's Quest for Oddball Sports - NYTimes.com
La autoridad de transporte de Londres lanzará una tarjeta conmemorativa
7 Ways to Pass the Time at Your Kid’s Soccer Practice
Porn stars make film about Tiger Woods?
Nick Saban to reporter: You don't know Belichick very well
PG Derek Fisher returns to LA
dunksauce
Dog chases a cat - in the middle of a professional basketball game.
Tebowmania is hitting the sporting goods stores of the East Coast already!
Fix tanking: The Sloan solution - TrueHoop Blog - ESPN
Painball's NPPL Huntington Beach Event, Watch for Free!
Goals of the week
Pitino's decision to stick his finger in Calipari's mouth angers and excites Matta and Self.
Doellijntechnologie bij het EK 2012
The Biggest Brawls in Sports History
/r/NFL and /r/soccer cause fun chaos with April fools reddit-logo swap
Baseball: Major League Teams Seek New Ways to Deconstruct Game
You know all those Peyton Manning ads you see on TV? This is what those directors had to go through to get them made!
Andy Murray succumbs to Novak Djokovic in Sony Ericsson final
Should College Basketball Players Get Paid?
BEARS WIN 1963 NFL CHAMPIONSHIP GAME!
Ryan Leaf arrested...again
Puffball: A hillarious new type of sports
12 year old gives Shaun White and Bieber a run for there money!!!
Report: Cincinnati Reds, Joey Votto agree to 10-year extension - ESPN
Chick Sticks by Lola Girls Surfboard BAD BETTY 8.0 Long Board 5 Fin Option with Full Paint
Chick Sticks by Lola Girls Surfboard HOOCHIE MOD 5.10 5 Fin Option Egg with Full Paint
I just found out tonight Jet wears 7 pairs of socks with shoes two sizes too big..what other ridiculous peculiarities exist among professional athletes?
Drunk Guy Sports Did A Podcast
Scottie Pippen is better than Michael Jordan
Slappin Batman - kentucky wins and calipari gets his fir i heard it the firs
Well that didn't take long.
New Seaducks Jerseys
Dear Major League Baseball: Welcome Home (A Love Letter)
I went to high school with Andrew Luck. Here's his best play from back then.
Prediction
BMFP...
If these kids are already good enough to go pro, let them. Save the scholarships for scholar athletes.
nick fairley becomes third lion to get busted with weed
Simply the best dunk you will ever see…and the kids still in college.
An Ugly High School Baseball Brawl In Which Nobody Looks Good
Dog eats Masters tickets....Gives it hydrogen peroxide to make it throw up. 
Could they have come up with a worse title for this article?
Irish coach: Brittney Griner plays like a guy
JV Baseball Brawl
7'8 Globetrotter Nearly Destroys Rim
Guy pretends to be a 1920's reporter
Forgot about this.... Sam Cassell does not give a shit.
Angels RF Hunter says cops drew guns on him
5 greatest shots in Masters history
Obama supports admitting women members to all-male Augusta National, spokesman says 
I guess the Jets knew something the Broncos didn't...
Would I Lie to You? The problem with buying sports experiences
Steve Nash hits a game winner against Utah Jazz
(Writing project) Which is more crooked college hoops or college football?
This story combined with the new all black uniforms.. we are gonna be the most badass looking bad guys to win the superbowl. And r/Saints responds with upvotes.
Oh shit... 
Petrino Had Passenger During Crash
Imagine if NBA fans acted like these basketball fans of Panathinaikos in their recent euroleague game. [x-post from r/supporters]
Opening Day
Earl Weaver was thrown out of 91 baseball games - an MLB record - but led one of the most successful managerial tenures in MLB history. We need this again. 
Footage from Bobby Patrino's motorcycle wreck (x-post from r/funny)
Lady Balls Chicago
Found my next favorite novelty account
After the Grizzlies win last night, thought I'd try out ESPN's playoff predictor. Was not disappointed.
I can't get enough of these guys. [Onrait &amp; O'Toole]
Made this for a friend that is a cubs fan, he didn't appreciate it
DAO Know if its possible to somehow disable the flash popup ads on streaming sites like Firstrowsports?
NFL 2011 Player Salaries HELP??
First Round Television Schedule for the 2012 NHL Playoffs
Fourth double eagle in the history of the masters!
Twenty years ago today, Arthur Ashe announces he has AIDS. Not even a year later, he dies from the disease. His legacy still continues in the prevention and eventual eradication of AIDS.
Watson wins Masters, beats Oosthuizen in playoff; Mickelson ties for third
Bubba Watson is a Damn Good Dawg
Another round of celeb/athlete getting off easy...
Guy gets drilled by Peter Hanson's drive
Orlando Magic's Dwight Howard to miss another game with back injury
Gunners Can Finish Above Man City, Says Arsenal Star
2012 Stanley Cup Playoffs: 5 Playoff Traditions 
From champs to chomped: How Urban Meyer broke Florida football
How Bubba Watson hit that shot.
Rank in Order of Greatness..
Wonderful goal in polish top division. 
Takes a shoulder to the chin..ouch!
The Ol' Catch n' Thrust
Another week, another NCAA scandal.  This time it's Texas Tech.  Have they lost all control?
ESPN.com has this image up on their front page. I can't make heads or tails of the focus of the photo. Did Budweiser pay extra or something?
Petrino fired as Arkansas head football coach
Santos Laguna defender Felipe Baloy getting his picture taken with a little kid and his Playboy
In light of the NHL playoffs....
'The Sporting Gentlemen' tackles the eternal question: bro or d-bag?
Brazilian Jiu Jits fight
2012 NHL Playoff Promo
How Pittburgh Penguins feel about being most-hated team in National Hockey League 
Then he doesn't deserve a chance
Danny Briere was offside on goal in playoff game that later was won in overtime.
What is this I don't even: Ultimate Ball, the worlds best/worst sport
Royals' RF Jeff Francoeur sharing bacon goodness with A's fans.  
Saints owner Tom Benson to become sole owner of New Orleans Hornets
Deng Postgame- am I Bench Mob? Can I get a tshirt?
Webering: The new Tebowing which involves shoving someone's face into the glass has taken off.
Miggy knows the batter's box.  Points out mistake to umpire.
Why you heff to be mad?
EFLI - First Scrimmage in India (x-post from /r/nfl)
The Rally Squirrel Made it on the Cardinals' World Series Rings
spotted Joe Flacco at a local diner a few years ago after a Steelers game. nothing spectacular, just thought it was cool. confirmed him by security at the door.
Hulkamania runs wild during Flyers/Penguins game 3
How to Take a Wrap: A video of the proper way to hold the rope of a bull
Indie movie producers trying to get A-Rod to play a drag queen
&amp;quot;DOUBLE DRIBBLE&amp;quot; was the first great Basketball video game
I'd love to have some of what Red Sox manager Bobby Valentine is smoking.
Vince Carter is Old, but damn he could still throw on down...
Matthews: Long Hair, Don't Care
I've always thought they should use a similar system in American Football instead of replays.
Any MJ fans should appreciate this. 
San Antonio Spurs, The Best Team in North America For the Last 15 Years
Gillette Stadium Events, Tickets, Hotels, Restaurants | Renaissance at Patriot Place
Scotty Hartnell's Doppelgänger 
Statistics Project
Video of the BCS trophy getting broken
A pitch invasion or What it fells like to have your team promoted
ESPN patting itself on the back this afternoon for a job well done.
Tim Tebow is the only NFL player to be named on TIME magazine's top 100 most influential people list. Not bad for a backup quarterback.
Caption This Picture! - CollegeHumor Picture
Being a little guy who ran track/cross country in High School, this video made me laugh.
Shea Weber slams Henrik Zetterberg's face into the glass: $2,500 fine.
Delonte West gives Gordon Hayward a Wet Willy: $25,000 fine.
The Fuck?
Boston Bruins playoff montage 2011
It is a superhuman feat that is clearly impossible, says a prominent Yale physicist on hitting a baseball. I introduce the hardest thing to do in sports, broken down. (x/post from r/baseball)
Just keep telling yourself that, Arizona.
Trivia-worthy baseball facts
Pat Summitt to be awarded Medal of Freedom
Fans running onto the field at MLB games has gotten so bad, now little kids are doing it (video)
Do we really have to?
Remember this? What a superb athlete!!
Live Link to the Fenway 100th Anniversary Pregame
Predicting Winners and Losers based on Salaries in Major North American Sports
Posting A Facebook Photo From The London Olympics Could Land You In Court
Soccer as played by an 8 year old
Raiders: No More Trading Away Future Draft Picks
Phoenix Coyotes forward Raffi Torres suspended 25 games by NHL for hit on Hossa
TweetStarGame - The Leader in Sports and Social Media. Our database ranks the top athletes on Social Media by their klout scores based on position, sport, team and location. 
Perfect game in progress on Fox West coast feed
Kevin Bieksa pretends to be Ryan Kesler during an interview
I'm curious. How would a Bugatti Veyron or a hypercar of the sort fare in a NASCAR race?
Why I Love The Onion: Busy Mel Kiper, Jr. Still Finds Time To Throw Around The Old Spreadsheet With His Daughter
The History of the Olympic Mascots from Waldi in 1972 to Wenlock and Mandeville in 2012
Longtime safety Brian Dawkins announces his retirement - CBSSports
Metta World Peace KA-POWS! James Harden [GIF]
Metta World Peace is better suited for anger managment than a basketball court
Sources: New Orleans Saints' GM Mickey Loomis installed a wire to eavesdrop on opposing coaches 
Trent Richardson goes to Prom!
Oh Canucks, just keep breaking my heart.
Do professional athletes remain fans of the team they grew up rooting for even if they don't play for that team?
Charging criminal charges against celebrity athletes the same as regular people.
NBA hit list: Worst cheap shots in hoops history 
The sad thing is, people will actually pay this price.
Top 10 - Not Even Close Moments 
Let the ball jokes begin...
3 best laps in history of MotoGP
ESPN Sportscenter Theme Song and What about Curling
Kenyon Martin: I know what you're sayin'
Hottest Women to Throw Out First Pitch - YouTube
Which would you prefer: Perennial playoff contender Without championship, or a championship but plenty of sucky years in between?
Why can't an athletes' yearly salary be determined by their stats/production via a universal formula for each sport.
Mock Draft: All the picks in the first round, let's see who your teams taking in tonights draft
Boxer Emanuel Augustus Highlight - The Drunken Master
Future Football Stars: The NFL Is About To Destroy Your Life
The Luck/Griffin arms race, complete with references to Ryan Leaf and the one and only Shia LaBeouf
Goals of the week
Bum Phillips, the opera? AWESOME. Reddit last hope to make it happen.
Who the Hell is Bruce Irvin?
Nationals promote Bryce Harper. Will make his debut Saturday night. 
UFC 150 to return to Denver in August for anniversary fight card
Jeremy Lin just made a video for my highschool. So inspiring and awesome!!!
HOF broadcaster Tim McCarver blames the increase in home runs on global warming (video)
Best sport's related facebook profile. 
TNT Playoff Intro 
DERRICK ROSE OUT FOR SEASON
Blake Griffin Top 10 Dunks 2011- 2012 Season
WPS set to fold... what now? My view - Beast Mode Soccer, Elite 1 on 1 Training, Beverly Hills CA
Arguably the most ridiculous flop of all time. (Mick Pennisi, Phillipine Basketball Association)
The ball that got through Bill Buckner's legs in 1986 World Series is back up for grabs

Read more: http://www.nydailynews.com/sports/baseball/ball-bill-buckner-legs-1986-world-series-back-grabs-article-1.1069123#ixzz1tXExwdLK
Charles Pierce pretty much gives the NFL a concussion
One of the first times I agree with the words cold and hard. 
NBA's Brooklyn Nets unveil new logo
High school football and how times have changed
Great new Amare T-Shirt
What I'm looking forward to this summer
[WHAT IF?] Hockey players could shoot with both hands (left and right) like how switch hitters do in baseball?
The Junction of Art and Sport (x-post r/baseball)
Sorry Amare, the puns were inevitable...
Tampa Bay Buccaneers sign injured Rutgers DT Eric LeGrand in symbolic gesture, Greg Schiano is a class act.
Fujita suspended; I hope the Browns have learned the Saints' lesson
Junior Seau found dead, suicide suspected.
California mayor: Former NFL star Junior Seau dead at 43
8 Members of Chargers Super Bowl Team Have Died
When Girls Soccer goes wrong(x-post from r/videos)
Great photo from tonight's Grizzlies - Clippers game
Hey Amare: The Indiana Pacers want to protect your hands and their fire extinguishers
This ad is making me feel pretty creepy when I read ESPN in class.
Boxer Floyd Mayweather is sports' biggest financial control freak, pretty cool story on how he makes money.
Went to trivia last night and asked my friend to write Amare Stoudemire down as an answer. His interpretation of this request produced a remarkably fitting name for the best Jewish basketball player in the NBA.
A Witness to the suicide of The Seattle Supersonics. Nice article.
Girardi says Rivera tore his ACL
Mariano Rivera tears an ACL; Career potentially over
Were all the MLB closers on the cover of Madden this season?
Yea it was a bad call - but even worse, they super-impose a Viagra ad across a third of the screen
If you don't think boxing is dead already, is it dead after Mayweather and Paq are done? (mainstream at least)
Last Place Teams Meet in San Diego (MLB)
Reddit, I give you episode 12 of the Hoosier Hipsteria podcast, Good Morning Vietnam! 
Jered Weaver had a pretty generous strike zone during his no-hitter
BYU steeplechaser’s epic crash caught in high definition
Derby Day: for most, guessing a winner is a crapshoot
If there's one thing I've learned from /sp/, it's that this is the most popular sports video game to date.
What your favorite baseball team says about you
Why is it that in baseball the coaches and managers wear their team's uniform but not in any other sport?
Brian's Song wouldn't be so sad if it was about Cinco de Mayo
FSU Sorority Girl Wants Lin-sanity: Can Someone Please Tell Me Who “Jerry Lin” Is?
Dr. Shaquille O'neal earns his doctorate from Barry University
My buddy pitches for Phillies minor league team in Clearwater Florida and he sent me this picture today. Ryan Howards bentley
Nats GM Mike Rizzo calls Cole Hamels ‘fake tough,’ calls for suspension after ‘classless, gutless’ act
Why do so many athletes tear their ACLs?
10 years ago today, AI was just sittin' there, talkin' 'bout practice. Not the game. Practice.
10 years ago today, the world's greatest sports conference took place
Would you rather your team win 1 Championship followed by 9 years of misery, or be competitive every year but never get the title?
Lacrosse Players Used Drugs Most Among Athletes, NCAA Says
A message from KGB to the Texas Rangers.
Texas Rangers' Josh Hamilton leaves teammates in awe after four-homer game
A MUST SEE DEBATE: Ban College Football? (Malcolm Gladwell / Buzz Bissinger vs. Jason Whitlock / Tim Green)
Goals of the year (EPL 2011/12)
Reddit, I am insanely pumped for the 2012 Olympics. What are some of your favorite Olympic moments of all time?
The Miami Heat PA guy announced Amar'e Stoudemire fouling out as He has been extinguished from the game (video)
Ark. mother sues district, state for constitutional violation after son cut from varsity team
Ex-NFL players from the 50s to the 80s have a lower rate of suicide, as well as a longer life expectancy than the general population. 
Bunting rule in Kickball
Really?!?
Goals of the week
Coach at local water polo game flips out, gets kicked out
Can someone with espn insider post this article? Thanks!
Bikini Hockey League to become a reality show and a real league.  Not sure if it's the best or worst thing to ever happen to the sport... probably worst.
Brawl breaks out during lingerie football game
Tim's Training Tape: Swimmer's High
Came across this old newspaper clipping while cleaning today. Curious as to whether others find it as unintentionally hilarious as I did (x-post from /r/funny)
MATTHEW B. MOWERY: It may be just adding Inge-sult to Inge-ry, but Brandon is proving he wasn't root of all problems with Tigers - theoaklandpress.com
ESPN has jumped to Round 3 of playoffs.
Footballers exposed to greater brain damage risk
Andrew Sweat, an undrafted rookie linebacker from Ohio State, turns down NFL to attend Law School.
Jeb Corliss handing out signed photos every 1000 comments.
David Stern, you're the commissioner, if you don't like it, f*cking do something about it.  Don't fine your supporters.
What was the best/craziest halftime competition you've seen at a game?
Knicks too busy putting on show to give Phil Jackson a call
Gov. Dayton signs Vikings stadium bill
Best fans of all-time?
Kevin Garnett is Ready to Die...
Video of bench-clearing lacrosse fight in British Columbia
Yeah, well, I pay for you to do everything, and you don't see me making you wear a shirt with my giant goddamned face on it.

Steeplechase Horse Arcadius Dies After Winning -  “I’m not being a drama queen, I’m not just going on about it. I fed him carrots every day. I rode him, I schooled him. What a horse. I can’t believe it. I’m crying over a horse. 
30 for 30 has been renewed. What sports stories would you like to see in the next batch of 30?
I've always thought that a pitcher should have an E1, that is an error he committed, count against his ERA. Part of his job is defense as well as pitching, if he committed an error that allowed a run to score, why shouldn't his stats reflect that?
With 30 for 30 coming back, everyone is talking about what they'd like to see featured. What would be the most hilariously BAD 30 for 30 topic?
Sun. Sports. I
EXCLUSIVE - full details of rugby ELVs announced by iRB yesterday
Shirt Off Competition between Sir Charles Barkley and Shaq - See who wins

Kentucky Derby Winner Hoping He Won't Have To Repeat What Was Easily Most Traumatic Experience Of Life
Amazing video of all the final Sunday's relevant Premiership goals with realtime reactions from affected fans in other stadiums
Celtics vs. Sixers: Parenting done right 
      
NY Giants Super Bowl rings are an example of beauty and class...
Chicago vs. Chicago: Round 2
Happened to a Friend Yesterday
Jonathan Vilma sues Roger Goodell
Bobcats ask fans a question on Facebook. Fans HULK SMASH franchise.
SThe second gol of Higuaín(Saragoza). great
Im not sure how to feel about this...
Anybody ever heared of Korfball? Originated in the Netherlands, being played in up to 60 countries now. It's mixed (Guys and girls on court in the same team at the same time!)
Qatar, Jamaica join International Ice Hockey Federation - ESPN
Giants fan runs on the field, tries to hop over the wall.... fails in spectacular fashion....
What would YOU do for a Cubs World Series?
They dressed Kyrie Irving up like an old man and had him play pick-up at a park. Hilarious.
FSU to the Big 12 – “It is Inevitable”
Tigers manager Jim Leyland is a fan of Verlander
Pepsi MAX &amp; Kyrie Irving Present: Uncle Drew

A Harlem Globetrotter Ninja?
Aroldis Chapman arrested for driving 93 mph on suspended license 
All The World Is Staged -- In soccer match fixing has become a massive worldwide crime, on par with drug trafficking, prostitution and the trade in illegal weapons.
Company pulls anti-Seattle, Oklahoma City Thunder T-shirts after receiving death threats | Ball Don't Lie - Yahoo! Sports
On Bob Boozer, Don Matuszak and Being Color Blind
Conference realignment: What if college athletic leagues were redrawn by academics?
Amazing Baseball Web Magazine
NFL Plans to add Wi-Fi to all stadiums
Update: ESPN, HBO chronicle life of Lolo Jones — virgin, one-time shoplifter, inspiring athletic success.
USOC and IOC reach critical deal that will pave the way for future Olympics in the United StatesHeavy Medal London - The Washington Post
Son of a janitor at a premier US tennis club who lived in a back room of the club for 11 years, becomes top ranked international youth player
Have you seen this?!?! Guy jumps out of a plane and lands without a parachute!
Kareem Abdul Jabbar, the ghost
Summer Workout for Athletes[VIDEO]
Amazing foot skills
Dodgers want to host NHL's Winter Classic
Did MLB pull failed attempt at Roy Halladay booblehead? 
The Best Free Kick In Football History
The best mustache in baseball (x-post from r/baseball)
Uncle Drew- The Kyrie Irving Experiment
Jerry Sandusky-founded charity The Second Mile seeks OK to shutter, transfer programs - ESPN
Warrick Dunn’s charity donates its 115th home---TRULY giving back.
A Vid from the Mayor of San Antonio to Charles Barkley.
Ekpe Udoh Highlights
Miami TV anchor refers to Philadelphia's NBA team as the 69'ers (video)
Anybody know who's signature this is.
Northern California school district cuts out all high school sports, after-school programs to reduce education budget deficit
Look what i can do!
If soccer was like this it would be more popular here
Double flop
Euro 2012 Group A Preview
Jacksonville Suns Manager's Ejection
TIL women's basketball was originally taught/played using modified rules to make the game less strenuous for women
Another example of why Ohio State - Michigan is the best rivalry around. Go Bucks!
The Chicago Cubs haven't won a World Series in 104 years and a group of diehard fans are hoping to crack that curse by walking some 2,000 miles - with a goat.
Spurs Reeling in Playoffs
8 Most Awkward Moments in NBA Draft Lottery History 
Skate moss aka skate decks
Balotelli threatens to kill those who racially abuse him at Euro 2012
Derrick Salberg's Leaping Catch
My man shoots 3 aces in 3 weeks
All 10 teams in the AL East and NL East began the 
day with records above .500
Lamarcus Aldridge Highlights
the domain docrivers.com redirects you to Bill Simmons' archive on ESPN
Cal FC, an amateur soccer team, just beat the Portland Timbers of MLS
Vanderbilt's football coach says his assistants must have 'hot wives' if they plan on getting hired.
Admitted conspiracy theory - Are the Heat keeping Bosh on the bench so Wade and LeBron can thrive?
Deion Sanders high-steps for about 70 yards. 
Historically speaking, the #2 pick in the NBA Draft is the Booby prize (and that's not a good thing)
NBA arrested for Marijuana possession
If NFL teams were Game Of Thrones characters
New sports nation host: Clarissa Thompson.
If r/soccer and r/nba seemed to like it, then I think r/sports will: I just finished an Android app called SportsBar you  guys might find useful
Johan Santana's final out for the first Mets no-hitter ever, &amp; the fan who tried to celebrate with him before getting tackled by security (video)
Go-Karting 100MPH+
Players, umpires need replay now more than ever - Yahoo! Sports
My boy Arvind may have lost the spelling bee last night, but that's okay...
Perhaps, over time, the memory will fade. But for the immediate future it will be impossible to talk about Johan Santana ending the Mets’ no-hitter drought without also mentioning the dubious  call — and the umpire — who helped make it happen. 
Big XII could be an option for FSU, but the ACC isn't going anywhere...
2008 Olympic balance beam gold-medalist Johnson retires from competitive gymnastics
The beauty of sports
Maine TV anchor reports last night's Celtics-Heat game ended in a tie (video) 
Here's the thing: I'm passionate about sport, so are you. I also have a dream regarding the one I love. You can help me realize it. Deal?
Why humans can outrun horses but can't jump higher than cats.
If you aren't going to win, you might as well be the most impressive loser...
How to respond when drafted in the first round: A backflip
There's Something Haunting About This Rare Color Video Of The 1939 World Series
Phil Mickelson texted the commissioner from the fairway about too many fans using their phones ಠ_ಠ
Plaschke hits on Jackie Mac on Around The Horn
Are Pro Athletes More Likely To Get Arrested For DUI? 
Euro 2012 Tournament - Who are the top soccer teams?
Brookwood High School Ultimate team at 2012 USAU Southerns Tournament. Video made by our teams own Sam Batson. Thought it was pretty freakin awesome.
5 Ways to Improve Umpiring
2000 Former NFL Players File Lawsuit Against League on Concussions 
Mayor of Boston on what drives the Celtics... KJ and Hondo!
KJ and Rajon Hondo are the heart and soul of the Boston Celtics
Tiger Woods grouped with Phil Mickelson, Bubba Watson at U.S. Open
Old School Sportscenter Commercial--Dan Patrick blows the Perfect Game
Jersey Shore cast at the Stanley Cup Finals
Madden NFL '13 to feature Twitter feeds from Skip Bayless and others
The 100 Toughest Players in NHL History
Usain Bolt Crashes Into Flower Girl After 100m Race (VIDEO)
Sepak takraw isn't a sport for the weak hearted!
Rob gronkowski signed the biggest deal for a tight end in nfl history $54 million with a $18.17 million signing bonus
How I feel now that I'll Have Another is not racing at Belmont
[The Big Question] How has SPORT changed your culture and society?
Men accused in beating of Giants fan to stand trial
Lebron gets a little cooldown from a rival fan.
Pat Tillmans Game used cleats up for grabs, for only 2.9 milly
All my Irish people get in here
A question I've always asked
Messi hat trick goal
Streets of miami are packed with fans, all I wanted 
was to go to taco bell
Can you believe that? promoter Bob Arum said. I had it 10-2! After I got into the ring after the fight, I went over to Bradley and said 'You did very well.' He said, 'I tried hard, but I couldn't beat the guy.' This is crazy. You talk about killing boxing? All three scorecards you throw out.
A fair comparison
what haters sounded like when the Miami HEAT EXPLODED in the 4th qtr/ game 7 vs boston *nsfw* language
Can the Devils force a game seven ?  It'd be quite historic if they did and were to win.
Pacquiao vs Bradley Video: Teddy Atlas Discusses Corruption in Boxing, Says Pacquiao Clearly Won
My feelings about the Pac vs. Bradley decision.
Bradley-Pacquiao decision leaves boxing reeling
Dejan Stankovic Euro2012 Personal Blog
Forget about Pacman getting robbed for a minute, remember how cold Roy Jones Jr. was?
If You're a New Jersey Devils Fan... Things Are Looking REALLY Bleak
Pacquiao fight results, going to the US attorney general...
Before we dive head first into the 2012 Finals, a quick look back at how awesome Dirk Nowitzki was during last year's playoffs.
North Dakota voting on Fighting Sioux nickname today
I don't think this is a coincidence....
Where do you get a flag that big?!?!
Tiger Woods halts mid-shot due to camera click... while at the driving range... when cameras were allowed!
How did the scoreboard know? 
Dejan Stankovic EXCLUSIVE Euro2012 Blog:60:40 in favor of Poles
And most importantly, young men, heed my words, It ain't no sin to go to no strip club.
Yahoo! Canada
Lance Armstrong faces fresh doping charges from USADA
U.S. settles for a tie with Guatemala
Floyd Mayweather denied release from jail, claims low quality food and water has threatened his health.
Justin Tucks new face mask for upcoming season!
Video Talking About The FBI Catching Top Rank/Bob Arum Rigging Boxing Matches.
Dustin Johnson hits bombs into McCovey Cove
Making deals, impressing chicks, catching foul balls. It's what I do.
Euro 2012: Polish police stand ready for trouble 
When exciting things are happening locally (SF Bay 
Area) and Nationally, but my usual lunch time 
sports radio guy isn't on because golf.
Just Bobby V rapping in the streets of Chicago
My dad's one and only piece of art.
Don't ever try to argue with me about Lebron 
Curt Schilling Is Now On Leave From ESPN
NHL Trade Rumors
Any sports fans out there? Here's three and a half hours of WATTS (sports bloopers) just for lols and gags
Can anyone help me provide an experience for my dying father? (cross post from askreddit)
Canadian diver Alexandre Despatie recovering well after diving accident
The many ways Chris Berman ruined the U.S. Open
Craig Robinson owns Take Me Out to the Ballgame
I think more people should watch Lacrosse, underrated sport imo
Racist to direct rapist's Broadway show
Sandusky Victim: Underwear Had To Be Thrown Away After Sex 
Purchasing a portable basketball hoop
Bobby Petrino sells mansion
Is there a harder goal than NCAA division 1 National titles in football, basketball and baseball? ....Arkansas could do it this weekend... and be the only 4th ever and 1st SEC team..What does r/sports think?  (credit to boognasty)
Troll Level: Fred Flintstone
Remember when...(for all the HEAT haters)
After decades of limiting the amount of All 22 footage (which shows the entire field during the entire play) that fans are able to see, the NFL is now allowing fans to view entire games from this angle... for a fee of $70. [X-Post from /r/NFL]
my friends' view on what is a sport
Ultimate Frisbee Footage: CCSU vs SUNY-New Paltz
Just in time for the U.S. Olympic Swimming Trials, a Johns Hopkins University study may settle a long running swimming debate: Which freestyle stroke—the Aussie-perfected deep-catch scoop or the more graceful S-curve sculling method—propels someone forward the fastest?
Pedobear Shows Up At The Courthouse For Jerry Sandusky's Trial
He got my Jayhawks a national title in '08.  He's going to help the Heat get a ring within the week.  
10 men's college basketball teams, including three-time national champion Connecticut, will be banned from next season's NCAA tournament because of subpar work in the classroom.
NHL Players call Lebron out via Twitter because of his 'cramps' late in Game 4
BCS commissioners reach consensus on four-team college football playoff - ESPN
Story of the NBA Finals
In my opinion why Randy Moss is better than Jerry Rice. Downvotes are welcome but please read what I have to say first.
WBO review unanimously scores fight for Manny Pacquiao

Extended Preview of UFC 147 'Silva vs Franklin 2' and 'Werdum vs Russow' | MMA Fight
BCS commissioners reach consensus on four-team college football playoff system
NCSU embraces delusion, erects billboard claiming the entire state of North Carolina.
Long time friend, Chris, needs as much help as he can get. Please help him get to Turkey to compete in the 2nd Deaf World Cup of soccer!
50 Greatest Chicago White Sox
Whenever I see one, I always think of the other
Streaming the NBA Finals Game tonight?
Sandusky's adopted son alleges abuse
Jerry Sandusky jury to rehear two testimonies 
I think ESPN could have found a better picture of Fab Melo
Now that LeBron got his, what athletes face the most pressure to win a title?
Former Boston Red Sox Curt Schilling says his baseball fortune is all gone.
She's 350 Pounds and Olympics-Bound
Lebron James / Stephen A Smith So Disrespectful Song.
What I feel like having to listen to sports commentators.
Ashton Eaton sets world record in Olympic Trials
Quicksilver Infographic: Kelly Slater - Greatest Athlete Of All Time?
Chinese dies from watching EURO 2012
José Manuel Lara disqualified in Germany after caddie hid club in bush 
New York Sports, Explained...
I am not a big sports fan but, Brian Wilson makes me wish I was.
Go Skateboarding Day 2012
The ACC's BCS success, and how it may mean more playoff revenue in new system.
Articles | Mental Golf Wiz
Sportscenter brushed over the most amazing thing in sports over the weekend.
PTI: 8 GREAT Minutes with Mike Tyson
The Naked Truth About Women's Rugby
I think someone needs to learn how to take a joke... I think mud wrestling sounds like a great idea.
Jets offense and Kobe Bryant
President Obama thanks Boston for Kevin Youkilis — and confuses 'Youks' for 'Boos'
BCS 4 Team Football playoff announced
Amare Stoudemire tweets gay slur as encore to fire extinguisher punching, gets fined $50K
Cristiano Ronaldo vs Iker Casillas|Cristiano Ronaldo vs Spain|Portugal vs Spain | Top News Today
Presidents approve seeded four-team college football playoff 
Brett Favre considers Tony Romo of Dallas Cowboys an 'underrated' QB 
NBA Mock Draft
Man hit and bruised at baseball game by falling bullet
Walz Rantz: Toronto Raptors
What major misconceptions have you had about sports?
ESPN's Andy Katz reports Jared Sullinger has bulging dicks (video) 
Why Bernard James Should Be Your New Favorite NBA Player
Turns out Patrik Elias totally did have the LA Kings’ Stanley Cup winning game puck | Puck Daddy - Yahoo! Sports
Who Would Be A More Surprising Bust: Andrew Luck or Anthony Davis?
So, what have you been doing then these past two years Demaryius Thomas?
Anti-Doping Agency files charges against Lance Armstrong
Isaiah Crowell arrested on weapon charges.
NBA Draft 2012: Anthony Davis trademarks unibrow phrases.
Minor League Baseball team loses battle with tarp
Awesome save by Hope Solo. (Doesn't it cross the goal line at the end though?)
Encarnación
Tanner Foust and Greg Tracy in the Hotwheels Double Loop Challenge at the X Games
Michael Phelps won't for 8 gold medals in London Olympics after pulling out of 200 meter freestyle
Joe Paterno's family wants everyone to slow down regarding cover up allegations.
Who are some of the best big threes in NBA history?
Why Josh Hamilton is my favorite player
Did you see the French runner push the mascot? I say the Oregon mascot goes over to London and woops his ass!
University of Maryland to cut eight sports, scary times ahead in college athletics?
Food for fuel: Olympian Phelps' unusual diet
Jaromir Jagr signs 1 year/$4.55m deal with Dallas
Who owns the statistics?
Pitt's newest kicker...
Miami's Fox affiliate falls for fake Twitter account, reports Ray Allen signed with the Heat (video)
Jockey dies after fall at California track
Breaking: Steve Nash jumps ships again.
Ray Allen is now a member of the Miami Heat.
Olympic bodies - London 2012 - interactive
USA! USA!
Looks like Russell Westbrook has a mohawk haha
For those of us that love r/AdviceAnimals and r/sports, here's my new favorite website.
Our atmosphere is so unrivaled that we thought we'd just amuse ourselves
Yerrrr Out-Out-Out-Out!: An Animated Gallery Of Every MLB Umpire's Strike-Three Call
Oh I'm sorry, I thought this was America.
Yankees on top at All-Star break
heck of a catch
Pistorius: a hero, yes, but not an Olympian. Allowing the remarkable ‘blade runner’ to compete against able-bodied athletes goes against the true spirit of competitive sport
Mike Trout!!
Despite Chicago Bulls wishes, Luol Deng looks forward to representing Great Britain 
Shameless promoting of the subreddit r/AskSports!!
(Stupid noob question): Are college flairs available? 
True Royals Fan. 
Get ready for Obama and Romney on ESPN
Hope Solo tests positive for prohibited substance, a PMS drug, gets public warning
West Virginia fans mailed $500 in pennies to ESPN's Mark May in 2005
What's the greatest game you've ever attended in person?
Wimbledon 2012 Federer vs. Murray Full Match in HD Enjoy.
Great article about how to prevent super teams and increase competitive balance in the NBA
Need advice for sports gift
Remeber when College Conferences actually had the number of schools as their name? [Big12]
Anybody else catch the Softball home-run derby last night?
Three charged in Armstrong doping case receive lifetime bans
Baseball cards in Ohio attic might fetch millions - ESPN
Great condition, old, rare, valuable baseball cards found in attic!
The Savages' Olympics: It's a shameful stain on history - pygmies, cannibals and tribesmen forced to compete at 1904 Games in order to prove white supremacy
The victimization of Lance Armstrong
Ty Cobb’s bat gives family a big payday at auction
Did anybody notice Ian Kinsler's class in the game last night?
Kobe Bryant: If Team USA 2012 played the Dream Team, ‘I think we’d pull it out’ (VIDEO)  ...Kobe you krazy...
Wow- Joe Paterno in his own words on the Penn State scandal.
A right punch up
Veterans Call on Marine Corps to Cut Ties with the UFC
Independent baseball club St. Paul Saints to rebrand as Mr. Paul Aints for one game in August, sponsored by Minnesota Atheists.
Joe Paterno's new legacy: Coach turned his back on helpless boys to protect himself and Sandusky
No excuses for Paterno: legacy forever ruined
Game of the Year: NFC Playoffs - New Orleans Saints @ San Francisco 49ers. (full game)
College sports out of control... literally
Given that basketball started in the United States, why are the rules for international basketball closer to the European style?
No free hands? No Problem
Very cool short documentary on John Candy's ownership in the Toronto Argonauts 
NY Knicks’ Jason Kidd arrested on drunken-driving charge; police say he crashed into pole - The Washington Post
2012 NBA free agency -- New York Knicks won't match Jeremy Lin's Houston Rockets offer sheet, sources say - ESPN New York  ( first reddit post)
Australian Aborigine claims racism, threatens Olympic boycott 
Euro 2012 Fixtures And Matches
Highest paying sports teams in the world. Yankees are 6th.
Mark Cuban doesn't know when to shut up: Part XXXVII
BBC: Which countries dominate each Olympic sport?
Cheerleading World's 2012
     
Why are they the coaches of US basketball? Why not some Pro coach
Michael Vick: I became better at reading dogs than reading defenses
Joker vs. Bryce Harper
I know its cliche, but I've always wanted to start a sports column. 
Cricket Six 6's in a row2
On The Hasty Canonization Of Joe Paterno - Ta-Nehisi Coates - The Atlantic
Taking in Team USA | The White House
Pete Rose is getting a reality show on TLC
What Cricket Looks Like to Americans
Hanshi's World Presents Grandmaster Aaron Banks - No Holds Barred on This One!
Paralyzed high school hockey player is being cyberbullied on Twitte
Dennis Rodman's father had 29 kids by 16 women and his name is Philander.
What we talk about when we talk about WAR, the baseball stat
Dennis Rodman finally meets father
Dennis Rodman finally meets his dad, Philander Rodman Jr., who has acknowledged fathering 29 children by 16 mothers
An infographic on MLB team colors
No. 9 all-time in assists, and never made an NBA all-star game. Meet Rod Strickland. [Time-marked video, WARNING: bad music, turn volume off]
Rob Gronkowski: Offical Zubaz Spokesman
Great Ball of Fire: An Anatomy of the Worst Sports Broadcasting Innovation of Our Time, the Glow Puck
Toronto FC vs Liverpool 2012 Highlights 1-1 Friendly World Football Challenge Quincy Amarikwa Morgan Goals Video
Paterno Family: Removing Statue Does Not Serve Victims
New NHL census map survey; vote and tell everyone you know! [x-post from /r/hockey]
NCAA expected to deal series of heavy blows to Penn State
Wow.
Statement by Penn St. football coach Bill O'Brien
MMA Olympian Ronda Rousey calls out Phelps:  Get over yourself. All you do is swim. If someone slapped you every time you jumped in the pool, I might have a little respect
Chad Ochocinco changes his name back to Johnson
NCAA drops the hammer on Penn State - witf.org
In 2010 Penn St. played Ohio st. in football. now neither team has won the game.
This collection of angry tweets and Facebook posts from Penn State fans may make you think the NCAA was lenient
Ichiro to the Yankees... what happens to his facial hair remains to be seen.
Ichiro a Yankee!
As someone who grew up watching the late 90's and 2000's mariners...
Ichiro Suzuki traded to the Yankees
7 Athletes Who Had More Crazy Than Talent
London during the 2012 Olympics will be huge. Come and see where Team Singapore Athletes will compete by looking at the Graphical Map.
Real Work Inline Skate mash up (check it out if you like to skate or ride, 3 more real work videos)
By the Numbers: Analyzing the Ichiro and Sanchez trades
What does the Penn St. punishment accomplish?
NASCAR suspends AJ Allmendinger indefinitely for violating drug policy
After 20 Years, Footage From The Dream Team's Monaco Scrimmage Finally Airs
Reddit give some love to Santhi Soundarajan. A silver medalist abandoned by the Indian Athletics Federation when she failed a gender test. She now works as a daily wage labourer and earns less than 3 dollars a day. 
Durant, DWill, Harden &amp; more NBA Olympians on Segways in Spain.
Matt Barkley doing an AMA right now on r/cfb
Quarterback Tate Martell, 14, commits to Washington Huskies 
Olympic rumours are just the stuff of legends: View from a Singaporean Journalist in the village
Can /r/sports give the Oakland A's some love? Barely mentioned on ESPN, Yahoo Sports etc...
One of the few Olympic sports where occasionally competitors DIE
Michael Jordan, The Shot, 1989 vs the Cavs, Video
Do you think there will ever be another white 100m world record holder?
Beautiful Visualization of Revenue in College Football.
NBC Interviews the Iron Sheik about USA's Olympic wrestling team
Reporter Calls Mark Sanchez Tim
5 discouraging realities about the London Olympics
Why I'll be watching the Olympics
Legally blind archer sets world record at London Olympics!
This commercial is great - Stephen A. Smith &amp; Skip Bayless It Takes 2
A Five-Ring Opening Circus, Weirdly and Unabashedly 
British
Sexy female Olympic athletes at London 2012
Does anyone else think that what the USA women's beach volleyball team did to their potential teammate was unsportsmanlike
this guy got brutalized!
Kitchee vs Arsenal 2-2 Highlights 2012 Friendly Yago Cancela Walcott Eisfeld Goals Video
For anyone in the US who wants a better interface for choosing streams for the Olympics, I would look towards NBC's Youtube page
Flipped on Sunday Night Baseball and thought my ear caught something...
The Power and Glory of Sportswriting
Was Tiger Woods the best athlete in the world? Or even who dominated a sport for so long? An argument.
This is me as I stream 5 different olympic sports simultaneously 
Having only rowed for 3 months in his life, a Niger rower wins the hearts of fans at London 2012.
Colombia’s Lady Andrade banned two matches for hitting Abby Wambach
Police probe traffic stop of Arkansas State Red Wolves' dismissed Michael Dyer  
John Daly hits golf ball teed up in David Feherty's mouth
Chinese swimmer breaks personal best by 5 seconds and world record by one second.  Doping allegations by swimming experts begin immediately.
She’s at home in the fantasyland of perfect play imagined by ex-jock announcers with amnesia about their own experiences, and their own shortcomings.
Waiting on a sure win
I know you guys love NASCAR: An Economist analyzes race viewership based on crashes that occur- results are slightly disturbing
I'm not sure that this is the best way to teach the lay person about beach volleyball hand-signals. I certainly clicked through every picture, though.
Brazilian olympic judo winner breaks his gold medal in the shower, asks for another
Connecticut high school football field destroyed by ATV
Lawyer: Jerry Sandusky upset over Penn State Nittany Lions sanctions - ESPN
Interview with New York Jets quarterback about his addiction to painkillers
Action sports Training center coming soon! M4L is creating a safe environment for people of all ages to come together and get fit while having fun and learning things like parkour, dance, fire spinning, bouldering, slacklining, aerial arts, and much more! Help make it happen!
Public Service Announcement: the entirety of ESPN's 30 for 30 series is now on Netflix instant.
Olympic boxing judges have come under fire with one fighter accusing them of a fix, another appealing a loss and even boxing great Lennox Lewis questioning some of their calls.
Olympics 2012: Sports you won’t see in the London Games
How China trains its children to win gold
Umpire Ejects music man Derek Dye for playing Three Blind Mice
Ryan Lochte’s Mother: Son Only Has Time For One Night Stands
A live compilation of all the MLB Facebook hacks currently pouring in
Black cocks scandel
I crashed on purpose, says victorious Briton
Kobe Bryant Has Trouble With His Camera, Has To Be Told To Remove The Lens Cap
Penn State Rally Defiant, Insulting
After Gabby Douglas became the first African-American to win the women's all-around gymnastics title, NBC aired this commercial
Female Athletes Are Rarely Used Successfully as Brand Spokespersons
Age cutoff for Olympians? I say no age restrictions! If you are the best, than you should compete with the best!
Do you like the Olympics? Then check out r/Olympics!
2012 Summer Olympics -- Serena Williams thrashes Maria Sharapova to win singles gold - ESPN
New Sport.. Crazy video!
Garrett Reid, son of Eagles coach, found dead
DAE think that sports talk radio hosts are mostly idiots?
Gabby Douglas, true American: Young gymnast affirms the best of our national spirit
French athlete, Mahiedine Mekhissi Benabbad, attacking a 14 year old girl in a mascot costume at the 2012 Helsinki World Championships (Where he won Gold)
Has any athlete later coached someone who broke the coaches record?
Feck'd it up!
Oh the perks of winning 22 Olympic medals...
When they have possession, Australia shows virtually no post-up game but will have five players in constant motion, cutting, diving, and curling off a variety of picks. Everybody sets solid picks (some in concert with the ballhandler, but most on the weak-side), including their point guards.
It's amazing to see how times have changed
Thigh-Popping Success on a Bike Lies in the Quads
What is with that weird tape Olympians are wearing?
Quite possibly the best defensive play in baseball I've seen all season. [vid]
Come show the new Punkin Chunkin sub reddit some love!
This Is Not How You Want To Dive If You Are An Olympic Diver
Olympic Basketball: Everyone Runs Around Punching Each other in the Nuts
Bring back tug-o-war!
Twinsies!
Laser-pointing incident at St.Louis Cardinals game leads to fan's arrest : (I go to school with this kid)
NFL preseason will be very big for the Redskins
Kenny Egan realizes Katie Taylor is Olympic Champ 5 Minutes later than the rest of us
He put the team on his back.
IOC President Jacques Rogge does not believe Usain Bolt is a 'legend' yet 
Tony Hibbert's First Career Goal After 10 Years Leads To An All-Out Celebration Riot
Dwight Howard reportedly has been dealt to Los Angeles Lakers as part of blockbuster four-team deal. - NBA News | FOX Sports on MSN
Bettman sets Sept. 15 deadline for NHL lockout
Video of all the NFL replacement refs' biggest mistakes last night, and there were a lot of them
the use of steroids in the olympics is out of control, more athletes caught with steroids every day 
Football player knocks out referee, match is 
suspended.
Miami Dolphins WR Chad Johnson (formerly OchoCinco) arrested for domestic violence
Soccer Player Hits Referee, Match Abandoned After Referee Flops To The Ground
What you got world?!
The Crying Games
The Flying Scotsman, Graeme Obree, is attempting to break 100 mph on his home made bicycle. 
Johnny Pesky, a Red Sox legend, dies at age 92
Michael Dokes dies at 54, was former WBA heavyweight champion 
The sport I'm looking forward to the most in the upcoming Paralympics: Wheelchair Fencing
Now that the Olympics are over, here are my reasons for hoping NBC never broadcasts them again.
What kind of person does this?
How much do professional athletes REALLY make?
Evil Golf
Will Paris Saint-Germain show that money can buy you trophies?
Manchester United agree to a deal for Robin Van Persie
Former USC Trojans running back Reggie Bush returned his 2005 Heisman Trophy 
Umpire Greg Gibson takes Torii Hunter’s cleat to his head during a violent collision
NFL Position Battles: Mark Sanchez vs Tim Tebow
Olympic/Paralympic Sports and Multi Event Calendar
Texas Pee Wee football league bars 300-pound player 
Michael Phelps buys in to $25,000 online poker games.
Glad to see an athlete use their considerable influence to make a positive change
Soccer league bans B.C. pre-teens from tournaments because team is too diverse. They have a white kid.
Bobcats...

Niklas Kronwall's hit on Voracek
Sad Story of a Rising Basketball Star's Career Derailed
Roger Clemens to try to make a pitching comeback with Sugar Land Skeeters
Roger Clemens will start for Skeeters on Saturday in Sugar Land
Mark Martin has scary wreck at Michigan!
Roger Clemens going back on the mound at age 50.
Have a friend that needs to learn more about sports? Tell them to join the new uReddit Sports101 class! P.S. Help wanted
WEEI/NESN Jimmy Fund Radio-telethon (for cancer research) is today and tomorrow.  It's only marginally related to sports, but it's for a really good cause and helps untold numbers of people.  If you have the ability to donate, go for it! (x-post from r/boston)
Ouch! Kobe Bryant Drops 68 in China Exhibition Game - China Real Time Report - WSJ
Jacksonville Jaguars to play 4 London home games
Kid I know posted this to the NBA Meme's page, I dont even....
Paralympic athletes who harm themselves to perform better
Why should I get NFL Sunday Ticket?
My 8 yo daughter's bball coach needs to read this.
Follow the Money -- How English football became a business
Tiny 5-foot-1 6th grader may be youngest QB to pass for a varsity TD
Sports Center, are you kidding me? [NFL Memes]...
Armstrong to be stripped off titles, lifetime ban - guilty?
I guess Lance Armstrong changed his view on quitting...
Awkward excited fan is excited!
Viral Letter Asks Nike for Cerebral Palsy Shoe Line
From an anatomical and physiological standpoint, do the prosthetic legs worn by Oscar Pistorius provide him with an overall performance advantage?
Interview with USADA’s Travis Tygart on The Dan Patrick Show
Lance Armstrong Retains Support of Nike and Other Companies
Second half, down by 2 with 5 minutes left as a keeper (Field Hockey)
Armstrong teammate Floyd Landis admits defrauding supporters
Bought my first ever jersey last week
How I feel watching the first quarter of the Saints vs Texans game.
Dolphins trade Vontae Davis to Indianapolis for a 2nd rounder  
Fantasy football rules and philosophy to live by this season.  Great read!
Javelin official killed while judging javelin contest.
Irwin Cohen, USA Judo Olympian of the 1972 Olympic Games, passed away this morning, 8/27/2012 in Chicago, IL. Reddit, give this man some love.
Good idea Penn State!
Top 10 greatest sports events in the world
Olympic athlete photography project -- Indiegogo
Most athletic sports
So why exactly are Performance Enhancing Drugs frowned upon/banned from sports?
That awkward moment...
Can someone explain the Factored Time system for the Paralympic cycling competition? Thanks!
297lb Texas boy too big to play peewee Football - and his mother is dumb
Texas' Allen High School to open $60 MILLION Football Stadium
San Francisco Giants at Chicago Cubs
Yahoo has the wrong Ryan Cook.
Ty Cobb, Honus Wagner, and...Mike Trout?
College football grid of shame.
I am out of shape and completely inexperienced with sports. How do I get into them if I'm not in school?
I sense a great disturbance in the force.... I felt as though millions of voices just shouted out....
I think that more awareness should be made to outsiders in tennis. This was brought to my attention by this girl, Laura Robson, who, as seen in this post is bringing her great run to a close, does anyone else know of underdog stories in spor
Brazilians name 2014 World Cup ball 'Brazuca'  
My wakeboard video :)
A ringing endorsement for Lance Armstrong.
Brandon McCarthy hit in head by scary line drive
Is it just me or does the new ref at the giants game look like a grownup version of the kid from Up?
I could see this happening to the NFL replacement refs .
350 pound pitcher manages to steal third base in minor league game (video)
A Few (final?) Thoughts on Steroids...
This is why the Paralympics have gone beyond their 
remit
Former A.B.A. Owners Ozzie and Daniel Silna Earn Millions From N.B.A. 
Awesome Seahawks Post -- The first of two I want you guys to see. Diametrically different. I'll post the other one in a few minutes.
When Cleveland fans boo Modell Sunday, can we finally just write them off as bad fans and be done with it?
Reports say Al Pacino will play the late Joe Paterno in a movie based on the Penn State Scandal.  HOOAH!
Friend got sacked during game a few hours ago...
How Armstrong Could ‘Get Away With Stuff With Everybody Looking’
Devon Walker's Injury (Tulane Football)
Gordon makes the chase!
McLaren believes Lewis Hamilton's victory in the Italian Grand Prix will make him want to stay at the team next year, ahead of a fresh push this week to nail down a new contract.
Just a hail mary tipped one-handed catch falling out of the end zone with time expiring.
The 21 worst replacement ref mistakes from Sunday, with video of each one
Bring Chris Cooley back to the Redskins!!
Jerry Lawler suffers heart attack, EMTs trying to revive him
The USTA Told This Stellar Junior Player She Was Too Fat For The U.S. Open
I don't agree with his politics, but this was awesome and I respect him greatly for it.
Brian Scalabrine Career Highlights
*ANNOUNCEMENT* NEW SUBREDDIT CREATED FOR PEOPLE ANNOYED BY SPORTS LEAGUES LOCKING OUT
Clint Dempsey is not impressed with Jamaica soccer.
I used to not like Stephen A. Smith but I now realized how much he has to deal with Skip Fucking Bayless
BBC News - NFL safety: is American football too violent?
UCLA RB, Johnathan Franklin, is now 2nd in the Heisman trophy ranks after running through Nebraska's WHAT?!?!?!?!?
Connecticut Huskies' Jim Calhoun announces retirement 
How many speed workouts a week do I need to do for a 5k?
Drunk 9/11 Hippie Girl Speaks Out: I Wanted To Make A Tribute

Azeem Azam is Back
G'day USA. It is the finals for the Australian Football League culminating in the Grand Final on Saturday 29th September, 2012 at 1420hrs Australian Eastern Time. Here is one of the greatest semi-final finishes ever (Deep YT link). 
Manny Machado of the Orioles fakes out the Rays on a sweet trick play
Green Bay Packers' Charles Woodson: Same-old Jay Cutler 
Was watching Outside the Lines just now when a strange man flashed on the screen. Luckily I have DVR...
I don't know if any of you are into short track speed skating but here is a live streaming of the canadian world cup selection
Son goes to USC; I went to Stanford
If the person who created graphics for ESPN yesterday worked there for some time...
Bill Simmons says that Tony Romo had one of the biggest boners of all time
Kind of ironic that I saw this today
Side judge pulled from Saints-Panthers game after his Facebook page showed Saints fandom 
I run a football pool. 60+ people sent me $40. This is how I feel, knowing I don't get to keep it. 
Camiseta de Fútbol Baratas Inglaterra
I knew this day would come: Shaun White parties too hard, spends night in jail.
Man Arrested For ESPN.com Comment That Threatened To Kill Kids Over New LeBron Sneaker
Toronto Blue Jay Yunel Escobar suspended 3 games for gay slur.
Keith Hernandez will shave his mustache next Thursday
TIL that all 32 teams in the NFL are in the top 50 most valuable sports franchises
T20 Cricket World Cup: 1.5 billion watching, just not in the United States - Yahoo! Sports
Sorry about the bother. Anyone know what Jersey this is? Sorry once again.
Does this Irish Commentator Hate NANI from Man Utd??? 
Gloves
Kubica could return to Formula One as Pirelli test driver
Philadelphia 76-ers Co-Owner Parties Harder Than LMFAO.
three NFL teams are undefeated...
We need to protest these refs!
Twitter / BleacherReport: What just happened?!?! The ...
Time to Boycott Monday Night Football.
How the guard of the Packers feels about the NFL...
NFL Referees...
Little Facebook Gem in Regards to the Ref Debacle Tonight.
Benny Hill Refs
So far this NFL season, the Alphabetical Order of city name has correctly predicted the winner more often than any of the experts.
So much for that coffee.
I know everyone is circle-jerking about the replacement refs right now, but they were fire from the lingerie league? 
Why has there not been any discussion about the possibility that the replacement referees are gambling on the games?
4th team to clinch playoffs: Braves on Freeman's walk-off home run
Accidentally screen capped somebody familiar during last week's Giants game
A plurality of Seahawks fans believe it was an interception, not a touchdown
Has anyone done a study of the quality of NFL games with the regular refs vs the replacements?
Report: NFL, Refs Reach Agreement... Comment section is filled with Obama rage
Miguel Cabrera could be the first hitter in 45 years to win the Triple Crown.
Should the NFL get rid of Kick-offs and Kick Returns? Well they're considering it due to how dangerous it is.
The National Football League reached agreement 
on a new eight-year labor deal with its game 
officials late Wednesday night, will work work 
Thursday night's game between the Cleveland 
Browns and Baltimore Ravens
11 Best Seahawks-Packers Memes.
The Baseball Announcer-Bias Index: which teams' TV announcers are the biggest homers?
Which goodies to install for best streaming?
Miggy starts the weekend at .326 and Mauer at .323.  Who are you pulling for?  The hunt for the triple-crown is on.
Jay Bruce Levitates
I get it.. the Saints had a bounty program.. but kids too??
Blue Jays P Chad Jenkins catches comebacker, then glove, ends inning.
Would youth football survive a tackling ban? - CNN.com
Tsuyoshi Nishioka says goodbye to a guaranteed $3.25 million, requests release from Twins.
Michael Morse pretends to hit a home run after a call is reversed - seriously, just watch
millonarios vs junior 2-0
Tennis grunting ban: Why it gets Maria Sharapova's support (+video)
if you could have any modifacation to your body to perform better, what would it be?
Lolo Jones tweets Clearly, u've been hit in the head to paralyzed football player after he challenges her to race
HS Football Coach, assistants fired after team walks out in support of teammate
Cabrera one step closer to the Crown as Hamilton goes homerless...
Michael Schumacher to retire from Formula 1
streaming NFL?
In response to Cardale Jones and his school is pointless tweet.
Orioles beat Rangers 5-1.  Will host first playoff game since 1997.
Can you pick the ID the Sports Team by Nickname? by popestcyril | Online Games &amp; Trivia by Sporcle
PROTEIN!!!
A tribute to all gaming fans far and wide. 
[AUDIO] Jerry Sandusky's Prepared Statment (3 mins long)
Alex Karras dies after kidney failure
In that spirit of the Cardinals playoff win, give me a sports memory that sticks out in your mind. Good or bad.
It's Good To Root, Root, Root For The Home Team

Giants Win 3 Straight Road Games to Win the Series.
A sports what if, What if Soccer and Rugby had maintained a hold on the US during the late 19th and early 20th century?
Michael Vick is a dog owner again!
Poor Iraq just can't catch a break
The New York Yankees ultimate kryptonite!
Tim Lincecum sprayed in the face with champagne, says Now i know how chicks feel.  
As a Wisconsin, Cleveland, and Nationals fan...
They're still making that show?
So I was watching the UT v Miss St game when...
Every time, Yahoo.  Every time.
F*cking Yankees
BREAKING NEWS: Jose Valverde delivers apology letter to Derek Jeter for ending his season. More details to follow.
Lance Armstrong: Johan Bruyneel and Matt White leave teams
My cousin's rant in regards to the Lakers and TWC contract deal
The End of a Yankee Era?
My New Son Jeremy Lin
How low can you go?
Browns Fan Dunks Head in a Bucket of Urine for $450
Chargers are leading 24-0
Michael Jordan’s McDonald-brand barbecue sauce can be yours off of eBay for nearly $10,000 
Im a Dodgers fan but i love Tim Lincecum.
Armstrong Is Dropped by Nike as He Quits Role With His Charity
Lance Armstrong is facing a s***storm after doping scandal
Texas wind knocks punt back for incredibly unlikely safety
Would you like to see a sports-related Epic Rap Battles of History? Any suggestions?
Pretty awesome MLS PSA/Ad - Don't cross the line.
New York Yankees: the end of an era?
24 Hour Fitness Ends Relationship with Lance Armstrong
I guess hes........safe?
Armstrong makes first speech since USADA doping report
one of numerous gangnam style dances today in the NFL, this time it's jason pierre-paul.
Do professional athletes get each others autographs?
Center for the Pacers Roy Hibbert was a part of a Gangnam Style flash mob in Circle Center Mall today
J.R. Celski (USA, in Black) gets world record in Short track speed skating. Breaks 40 second mark for first time ever! (Unbelievable if you're into that kind of thing)
So Wait, Who Actually Won All Those Tour De France Titles?
Son calls for end to NHL lockout from dying father's bedside
Nate Kaeding Cut by San Diego Chargers 
As a collegiate track and field athlete, in the 800m at that, I found this interview very interesting. Please watch and leave any thoughts on this growing issue.
Steelers' Sanders fakes an injury to stop the clock.  Al Michaels and Chris Collingsworth call him out.
Meet Your New Tour de France Champ
Sox catcher Carlton Fisk gets DUI in my friends corn field.
Carlton Fisk DUIs into a Field of Dreams
The apology Lance Armstrong will never give
Things learned in this video: 1. What a Fair Catch/Free-Kick field goal is. 2. Neil Rackers' kicking style dominates. (x-post from /r/nfl)
Just a tease. The talented hostess of a new MMA Show premiering soon on KoldCast TV.
Japanese binocular soccer. Hilarious.
High School Football Player with crazy front flip!!
Is it just me or do the refs of PAC 12 football/basketball play way too much of a role in games?
Donna Vekic WTA Interview &amp; Photo Shoot
I am having trouble coming up with a caption for this picture of Eric Karros' hair.
Cycling expert: Everyone else used doping, so its hard to believe that Lance didn't.
NBC makes Contract with EPL for 3 years/$250million. Will show 6 live games a week!!
Sandy swings and misses in Cleveland
The nation's top CFB recruit is wavering on his Clemson commitment
NASCAR fans at their finest
Oldfield: Why an NHL deal could be near
Why is there such a large income disparity between NBA players and NFL players?
Yeah, but he still used his hand.
Ken Pomeroy, college basketball stats guru, is giving an AMA on r/collegebasketball for those interested!
Scottie Pippen compares Obama to Jordan
Does the “Best” Team Win the World Series?
r/Sports!  Our Fantasy Football and NFL Radio show airs in about 15 minutes!  Join us live and interact with us!
Tommy Tuberville gets physical with an assistant and hits him
ASK IRA: Did Heat show patience Lakers lacked?
Every champion has one shining moment on their way to winning. What's a shining moment for a team that came close but didn't win?
NASCAR’s Clint Bowyer And Jeff Gordon, Their Teams, Everyone Try To Kill Each Other [video]
Jackson has 11 NBA Coaching Titles. D'Antoni zero.
Stay Classy Pittsburgh!
One good looking goal by the Russian Rocket, Pavel Bure (hockey)
Maybe I'm missing something obvious, but why is this Duke-Kentucky game in Atlanta an overbearingly Kentucky crowd?
Please take a moment to fill out a survey for my college research paper on Fantasy Football! It is brief and I would really appreciate it, thanks!!! 
How ESPN Ditched Journalism And Followed Skip Bayless To The Bottom: A Tim Tebow Story
Who is to blame for the Chargers being defeated by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. 
Perhaps it's time to consider quitting basketball when...
Dallas soccer team CEO charged with battering wife in New York hotel
I Thought It Was Really Funny How SI Acknowledges Their SI Jinx On Their Cover
Miguel Cabrera named AL MVP. Wins by a wide margin over Mike Trout. 
Jim Hardbaugh
Amazing trick football punt return
Not sure if this is the right place, but here goes: What sport(s) would be best for a combined weight-, endurance- and fitness-training?
TIL there's a Harlem Globetrotter that's 100% from the Free Throw line
Ronda Rousey becomes first female to sign UFC deal  
In Tangled Pursuit of American Dream: Formula 
One racing's history runs coast to coast across the 
decades in United States
Lee Corso calls a 5 year-old a Midget on live TV.
How I react whenever something sports related reaches the front page
Hostess to honor Twinkies in new NCAA Bowl Game
Muscle Hamster
Samdoria 3 - 1 Genoa All Goals
Andrew Bynum hurt while bowling
Look who partied with us over the summer
Maryland and Rutgers Joining Big10 per ESPN
Go Notre Dame! Beat USC!
Jays bring back Gibbons as manager, thoughts?
Cal fires Jeff Tedford after 3-9 season.
Guy Scores 138 Points in Basketball Game
Jack Taylor set a new men's NCAA basketball scoring record by scoring 138 points
Around the Horn
Boxer Hector Macho Camacho is clinically brain dead, doctors say - latimes.com
Go Nebraska
Kenyan orphans re-enact Larry Bird's steal from the 1987 NBA East Finals
Brady hates turkey
Braxton Miller and Ohio State appears to have weed helmet stickers
harrison barnes. that is all.
Look! The 49ers changed their logo!
In Triple Jump, why is it more beneficial to start off with a hop (jumping off of one foot and landing on one foot)?
SHORYUKEN!!!! 
Nets Stuff Knicks In OT, Win First Brooklyn vs. New York Matchup
The Eagles are so bad that even the die-hard fans who stay until the bitter end think they are losers
Battle of the boroughs goes to Brooklyn
I need a sports term/metaphor -- sports fans, could use your help
Worth a billion dollars and unable to put together a winning season
BJ Upton signs with the Braves
My friends dad, Tim Flannery was nominated for sportsman of the year. Congrats man.
How i feel about David Stern when he picks on my Spurs
Michael Strahan Among 2013 Hall Of Fame Candidates
Oh Tom
Unless you're a world champion, you might not want to challenge the ref. 
Colorado man restores old baseball field to make his own 'Field of Dreams' come true (xpost from /r/NewsOfTheWeird)
No Look Discus Shot at the Buzzer- WI High School Basketball. Just ridiculous.
Asiantii Woulard, Top dual-threat QB recruit, decommits from South Florida Bulls 
What the Chiefs need to do
Manhood and football
Heisman Trophy -- Johnny Manziel, Collin Klein, Manti Te'o named finalists  
I challenge you to make a crazier playoff bracket
He might be a shitty QB, but Tim Tebow is a great guy.
Vote for DAVID SIZEMORE. ITs a rollerblading competition. He needs to win. just click a thumbs up real quick. 
Despite recent reports that New York Rangers owner James Dolan expressed interest in becoming involved, as he did during the NBA labor dispute last year, he was not extended an invitation.
I would pay a lot of money to see this happen. Randy Couture vs. Steven Seagal.
I'm not really sure why this is a story
Bret Beilema to Arkansas
Insane Side-Arm Buzzer Beater in a High School Basketball Game
If you were to have a beer with an athlete (current or past) who would it be and why?
White Men Can't Jump: The Sequel
J.R. Smith’s Buzzer Beater Lifts Knicks Over Bobcats [VIDEO]
Have started a new subreddit for sick sports videos only, called SSV, check it out and post please! here's a taster of what we're into!
How many cheaters will get in on the 2013 MLB Hall of Fame roid ballot - does 1 open the door for all? Our take at min 2:15
NFL can take the lead vs. domestic violence
Is boxing off the charts or off the radar? -- Pacquiao-Marquez 4 is said to be a sellout, with a strong pay-per-view buy. However, it is competing against rodeo and 'other sports.'

The Beginning of the End of Manny Pacquiao? One of the best boxers in the world took a punch from Juan Manuel Marquez Saturday night and went down, face first. He may fight again, but his career may never recover. 
Giants/Jets, Mets/Yankees – how are the fan bases broken down?
Taylor University Silent Night Game 2012
Vince Young convinced he is the answer to the Arizona Cardinals problems
7 Players Turn In Guns In Wake Of Jovan Belcher Tragedy: NFL Player 'No Longer Trusts Himself With Firearms' (x-post from r/NFL)
What don't you understand about sports but have always been afraid to ask?
Sports Talk/98bl Gamer Cupcake comparison put simply.
Over the holiday season, Premier League soccer is the only sport that will attract more television viewers in Britain than the Professional Darts Corporation’s World Championship.
This is a really bizarre sport of modern gladiators called Calcio Storico
The amazing story of Ishpeming (Mich.) High football team
Phil 'The Power' Taylor's two 9-Dart finishes in one match in 2010. For those unfamiliar with the sport, this is as good as it gets, and the crowd is crazy.
Former #1 draft pick to serve at least 3 years in prison
IT'S NOT ALWAYS ABOUT SPORT // I’m continuing to be tested as a potential kidney donor. The testing is extremely thorough. // Latest post from the extremely courageous 4x Paralympian Jason Dunkerley 
Atheist Knicks Fan Combo
How the Giants, the Niners, the A's, and even the Warriors made the Bay Area our sports city of the year
Not sure what to say about this @nfl.com
Go home Stafford...you're drunk
SnapCall Sports. A real-time question based game that acts as a companion to live sporting events. Really fun!
According to my local news, the Jaguars played a Patriots team from the 1961-1992 era.
watch Liverpool vs Stoke City,Stoke City vs Liverpool Live Stream Soccer
Avery Johnson fired by Brooklyn Nets after starting 14-14 - ESPN New York
Is there any evidence that it is better to play the away leg first in a two legged sports match?
America's Team
Referees of Reddit: Have you ever been offered money or some other incentive to call a game in favor of one team?
Ultimate Tazer Ball
Pennsylvania suing NCAA over Sandusky penalties
Hate on Notre Dame has started. #rolltide
I’ll Always Remember Ray Lewis' Super Bowl 35 Entrance
Andy Reid is on the verge of signing a deal with the Kansas City Chiefs
Chip Kelly is creepy.
Go home ESPN...you're drunk
During the lockout, we still rock out. New intro video featuring The Chemical Brothers
My best friend Evan Voeller going into the UA All American Game! (Twitter @LargeAnInCharg) 
What it feels like to be Locked out of Hockey..
[X-Post] Drunk A&amp;M Fans Interrupt Reporter
This is why we hate Gary Bettman
Alabama defeats Notre Dame 42-14
A Rainbow Too Far (image)
MLS community helps healing as 1,500 turn up for Soccer Night in Newtown
Messi wins the award for best wig
ESPN parts ways with talk show pundit Rob Parker
r/Sports suggestion: stop double posting articles
Confirmed: RGIII is undergoing surgery for torn ACL and LCL. What a heartbreaking end to a stellar rookie year.
I'm pretty sure this Cristiano Ronaldo goal defies almost every rule of physics.  Amazing. [vid]
I don't care if they juiced or not, they are hall of famers
Manchester City fans have protested high ticket prices by not buying them. Can we do the same in the United States with prices for many sports at an all time high?
The Best Pop Warner Players Ever
NWSL Announces Allocation of 55 National Team Players to Eight Clubs - Will you support this new women's professional soccer league? Do you think it will succeed or fail like the other American leagues before it?
NBA D-League Dunk Champion &amp; former DePaul Blue Devil Dar Tucker Class journal entry about his favorite song- Hilarious
Lance Armstrong plans to 'confess to doping' on Oprah Winfrey show
How about this draft class?
No cup is safe
2012 Sports Illustrated Kids Sportskids of the year!  These guys need some recognition :D  (x-post from videos)
Cyclist Nicole Cooke retires and articulately slams Armstrong and drug cheats in the sport.
What the Hell happened to former Washington Capitals' goalie Jim Carey
Montreal Canadiens prospect Alex Galchenyuk can snipe.
Winning the Stanley Cup doesn't get you any respect in Los Angeles. 
San Antonio Spurs being sued over sending players home against Heat - CBSsports
Breaking: Eagles hire new Coach
Chip Kelly goes to the Eagles
Apparently this is a thing
Online sports betting (back in action!)
My friend wanted a picture of Rob Ryan with White-snake hair(like medusa). Instead she got this.
Cardinals Fullback Reagan Mauia claims he is friends with Lennay Kekua, met her before Manti was even in the picture.
Lance Armstrong needs to get right with the lord (AKA Oprah)
Manti Te'o's fake girlfriend inspires #Teoing photos
Lance Armstrong says sorry for doping, after years of denial.
Lance Armstrong if far from the first pro cyclist to cheat and use drugs, but he may have been the best at it
The 10 best/worst Lance Armstrong quotes from Part 1 of Oprah interview
Former U.S. Anti-Doping Agency CEO Terry Madden confirmed Saturday that one of Lance Armstrong's closest representatives contacted the agency in 2004 and offered to make a six-figure gift -- an offer that was immediately rejected, Madden said.
Newsweek/TheDailyBeast said it's ok to cheat if you win: He is a hero, one of the few we have left in a country virtually bereft of them. And he needs to remain one.
Two brothers playing against each other in a championship game ... has this ever happened before, in any sport?
One does not simply...
Why is your favorite team your favorite?
Rex Ryan car accident...
Oprah Winfrey Interview Lance Armstrong on South Park - SPOOF
I acquired /r/wbc for the World Baseball Classic. Your ideas and help are needed!
For Jurgen Klinsmann, Mediocrity Will Not Be Tolerated
Great article, even better idea - Gloves4Troops
Is it just me that thinks that anyone who believes a bit of this T'eo story is full-on retarded?
Voicemails to Manti Te’o from Lennay Kekua/Ronaiah Tuiasosopo released adding to an already confusing story 
She won gold, and is one of the best Athletes in the UK, yet her coach doesn't qualify for funding?
Hi guys, this is my new darts blog. Would love all sports fans to take a look, the most recent article is by 2009 North American champ Scotty Burnett on playing with an injury. Maybe you'll find it useful!
Kaepernick Prop Bets Off the Charts
This No Look Reverse Dunk from Mason Plumlee of Duke is Amazing. [vid]
this kid can go fast
Andy Murray left broken by Djokovic as he loses Australian Open final by three sets to one

How i feel as a danish guy loosing 35-19 to Spain in handball
SportsCenter ESPN copied my idea for a web video
ESPN apparently shocked to learn that income taxes exist. 
NFL Fans on Facebook
New Midget a football coach
This is one 10 year old you don't want to get in a fight with
You decide which is a more physical sport
The very moment a Detroit fan finds out Tayshaun Prince has been traded while he watches the players emerge at a Pistons game
Super Bowl by the numbers
Being from the bay area and a 49er season ticket holder for years, I'm pretty tired of the sudden fan-hood!
Sport facts that Canadian know but Americans dont reddit add yours.
TIL about the craziest sports fan, Any other crazy sports fans that you know of?
Tonights win would of been a great ending for Michael Oher and the blind side.
New Orleans Police Struggle To Contain Rioting Ray Lewis After Ravens' Super Bowl Victory | The Onion
Why do people think Ray Lewis was guilty?
Lindsey Vonn tears knee ligaments in super-G crash; Olympic bid in doubt
The IRB Rugby Sevens World Series tournament returns to Las Vegas this weekend, the last 5 mins from last years final is a great watch!
He has a better FG% than most middle aged men.....and he is a baby
Australian doping inquiry finds illegal drugs rife in country's sport
Former Los Angeles police officer suspected in shooting of Cal State Fullerton coach 
15 minutes of Muay Thai KO's from 2013
Whoever thinks baseball is not a dangerous sport is wrong.
10 years of cheerleading, a quilty pleasure
Lionel Messi of Barcelona FC signs a $45mil p/year contract extension to 2018. Largest in sporting history?
After this 3/4 court buzzer beater, Marist defeats Iona in the second OT
University of Miami says its last 10,000 drug tests for student-athletes all negative for anabolic steroids
Tim Lincecum cut his hair and now he looks like a lawyer (or Rachel Maddow?)
irony at its finest
Man, if a Big Ten team does not win the Final Four this year I'm going to be so pissed.
Is progaming a sport ? After watching this video, I want to say yes...
4 Freshmen Football Players at The University of Alabama, Arrested on Charges of Robbery.
Let's focus on the positives, people. Two sports with multi-national professional competition and literally hundreds of millions of tickets sold are finally coming to the Olympics in 2016. Old news, but relevant.
Wrestling will supposedly be dropped for the upcoming 2016 Rio Olympics
Asked Siri, who does God play for? This is her response. As a Toronto-native, I am now an Atheist
Olympics Oscar Pistorius charged with murder
How a USMC veteran/double amputee hopes to find a new way to represent his country...through sled hockey.
We really need to pay attention to Enes Kanter
Wrestling with a son's Olympic dreams cut short
Michael Jordan says only four player of the modern era could compete in his era:  Kobe Bryant, Lebron James, Tim Duncan, &amp; Dirk Nowitzki.
To 90% of those bitching about the dropping of Olympic Wrestling.
Save Wrestling as an Olympic sport 
Always 23.
Brandon University Bobcats Coach, Gil Cheung, drains a half-court shot to win free tuition for a student
Need help finding picture from Sportscenter this morning
Agent cancels Oscar Pistorius' races indefinitely to focus on defending murder charge  
Lakers
RIP Jerry Buss: A showman who made Los Angeles a Lakers town
Harlem shake video that got NY high school hockey team disqualified from playoffs
Florida Atlantic University struck a deal to give the naming rights to its football stadium to a company that runs prisons
Startled fish scatter as Ironman athletes begin the triathlon’s first leg off the coast of Hawaii’s Big Island
If only this had been in the 3rd period...
Success Roddick
Why The Sloan Conference Is The Super Bowl Of Sports Analytics
Stop trying to make this happen. It's not going to happen.
Look who I met at work tonight...
Michael Jordan Smoking Cigars Playing Poker &amp; Draining Threes Plus Charles Barkley Eating Multiple Cheeseburgers
Ronda Rousey, Liz Carmouche make weight for UFC 157
Franko House's Buzzer Beating Full Court Shot
J-E-T-S! Joke, joke, joke!  Baseball and Football by Patriots Historian bob Hyldburg
Just a great moment in hockey history.
Giancarlo Stanton Blockbuster Trade With NY Mets in the Works...
Big win for Holden at Daytona
TIL Jeffrey Loria (owner of the Marlins) is not the same person as Jeffrey Lorie (owner of the Eagles)
6 year old Asian kid has AMAZING strength and lifts weights with perfect form
Influence of underworld on football clubs is underestimated...the football sector is a good sector for laundering money.
Dennis Rodman to run a basketball camp in North Korea (x-post from /r/nba)
Please go vote for Ryan Swope! There is no one more deserving- he ran a 4.34 at the combine, has had huge success in his college career, and is an incredible leader--- go vote!
After watching this Sasha Vujacich Sport Science video that was on the front page yesterday (TIL).. What are your favorite Sport Science episodes?
Did FC Barcelona spy on Gerard Pique because of romance with pop star Shakira?
Kim Jong-un is apparently a big Dennis Rodman fan
Baseball Catch of the Year thus Far
I really want Nike to remake this commercial with present day athletes...Can you think of any good examples?
Headlines + Parody + Wit = Hat Trick of Comedy - I hope
Gonzaga would be one of the worst No. 1 seeds ever (via SoS)
In light of ESPN calling Bo Jackson the greatest Athlete I would like to differ on that. 
Keeping In Touch -- Sportscenter Special
Rg
Good Guy Ray Rice
Stephen A. Smith's latest reaction face to Skip Bayless' Tebow ranting
After last night's last-minute win, even LeBron James is praising the Blackhawks
Hockey fight ends in actual Knock Out 
Really, ESPN? This Is a Story to You Guys?
Rugby HQ RefCam
Goals of the week
The Alberta Soccer Association is considering a no score policy for kids under 12.  “It could be a good way for young players to improve in their technique rather than get caught up in all the wins and the losses.
Check out this amazing shot by a 7th grade girls basketball player
Can you call yourself a U.S. soccer fan if you don't support MLS?
20 Truths About Boxing
Why don't the NFL and NBA have a farm system like Major League Baseball and, to a lesser extent, the NHL?
High school student scores winning basket for the OTHER TEAM during a state quarterfinals match
Bandwagon blacklist: Which teams should people stay away from if they don't want to be labeled as bandwagon fans?
CNN Bleacher Report
good, great, or destiny... which will it be blackhawks?
Hey r/sports, looking for opinions on teams to go deep in ncaa tourney, care to share any cinderella predictions?
ESPN has its ways of being self-fufilling...
Sports Break: World Baseball Championship Brawl and Old Bernard Hopkins can fight!
Champions League Draw: Separation of Powers
Conference tournament conspiracy theory?
/r/collegebasketball Bracket Challenge
Tent Pegging's Asian Championships: A sport that has nothing to do with tents, little to do with pegs
Anderson set for Man United exit while others could follow in Old Trafford clear-out
raunds taekwondo
I know this shouldnt be here, but it is my secret shame re: sports
Philly Radio Show Gets Hundres to Sign Sarcastic Get Well Card for Andrew Bynum. You can sign it too!
President Obama's March Madness Bracket for 2013
When a team realizes they're facing Miami Heat
Picking a perfect NCAA bracket...quite similar to my odds of making it to the front page
Gucci Mane likes NASCAR, loves Indiana to win the NCAA tournament and 'definitely' doesn't think college athletes should be paid.
Texas Man With Terminal Brain Cancer Wins Marathon
DGUY- I found your NCAA bracket on the floor of Stop and Shop.
A while back, I saw someone post why they dislike ESPN. I too have my reasons.
Andy Enfield, the coach of the FGCU Eagles, holds the records for highest Division III free throwing shooting percentage
imagine you were controlling this screen with your pee, urinal gaming system to hit minor league ballpark
It's been a warm winter in Sochi, Russia, and Olympic planners are worried about next year's Games. So they're hoarding 450,000 cubic meters of snow in a local mountain range
How on earth do you bring a gun to an airport in this day and age?  Robert Guerrero, you are truly an idiot.  I hope Floyd Mayweather destroys your face
Who in the world has a better life than Buster Posey?
Kevin Ware Gruesome Leg Injury (hd)
Just noticed the spelling error in his sign. Doesen't it just summarize his idiocy perfectly?
The best team in the league takes some time off to do the Harlem Shake.
Kevin Ware-Leg Injury: Louisville basketball player has surgery following gruesome leg injury against Duke.
The NBA doing everything in its power to get the Lakers in the playoffs
White Sox April Fools Joke
Kevin Ware (true team player)
Interactive animation reconstructs every pitch thrown by R.A. Dickey last season — almost 3,500 in all [xpost from /r/baseball]
More conference realignment. Today Tulsa announced their move to the-to-be-renamed Big East on July 1st, 2014.
Bubba Watson's hover golf cart
Carmelo Anthony: The Heat Can be Beat
Rutgers Scarlet Knights fire coach Mike Rice in wake of video scandal
Way to go dude!! Man Lets Date Get Hit in the Face by Home Run Ball After Jumping Out of the Way (Video) | MLB
Bob Costas Quotes Rapper Ludacris
Manny pac. Knockout pic is viewed and photoshopped by manny.(pun) This is probably my fav.
Boxing
Touching story on Kevin Ware's teammate that was there for him when he needed it most. [x-post from /r/CollegeBasketball]
You had one job...
Here's a guy who's never lost a dunk contest
Goals of the week
The biggest flop of the century during the celtics game
Welcome to the NFL, where the prices are made up and the laws don't matter...
He probably called too, but if not IMO this is worse than doing it Facebook-style. Poor Timmy didn't even get an exclamation point!!!
Congrats to Louisville to making it to the national championship game.
Manchester United 1 - 2 Manchester City 08.04.13.
The game was so competitive he was speared in the heart and died ... on the court
Rays Lose On One Of The Worst Strike Calls You Will Ever See (x-post from r/tampabayrays)
Bill Clinton's handwritten letter to Chris Webber after the 1993 NCAA championship game
With interleague play now the norm, Major League Baseball will soon have more reason than ever to add the DH to the National League.
Anyone else hopelessly pessimistic about their favorite teams?
D Battery Elected To Philadelphia Sports Hall Of Fame
Paulina Gretzky turning heads at the Masters. No wonder Dustin Johnson is a near the top of the leaderboard.
Danny Amendola's dad is suing the Cowboys for $1 million after being run over by runaway golf cart.
How I feel about the baseball hall of fame
I told this would be better posted here- Which is a more technical sport: Football or Hockey
How do you give stadiums atmosphere?
Raves about masters app, peter allis dosnt have a clue 'yeah'
Pain and pain management in NFL spawn a culture of prescription drug use and abuse
Explosion near Boston Marathon finish line
Wingsuit-flyer Alexander Polli flies through a narrow cave in over 155 mph.
Misguided Fan [Fixed]
As a Boston native I have never been more proud of my city. BOSTON STRONG
I saw the replay afterward... the reporter got the worst of it [x-post r/perfecttiming]
I've recently started to get in shape and I want an athletic hobby to do now that I have this perfectly Adonis-sculpted body (kidding). Recommend me something!
Anyone ever seen a Michael Jordan cologne semi truck?
That's either a screaming woman or a crazed goat.
According to USADA, if Lance Armstrong had cooperated he could have saved 5 of his TdF titles
He hit it over those mountains, bro.
Feeling ashamed, but also proud to do my part.
'Stumpy' the 3-legged crocodile halts a New Orleans golf tournament as he makes it on the green
49ers Historical Draft Picks: Less is more?
a lesson for us all...
Sports and profanity go hand in hand. Here's an Android app that finally unites them just as the founding fathers intended.
As a recently displaced fan myself, I've found it hard to recreate the amazing hometown bar experience where I currently live. I'm trying to better understand the issues that displaced fans have, and create a web based solution to better pair sports team fans with bars in their area.
Australian hockey team captain dies after he is bitten by snake he picked up to carry off the field
Hey guys I'm trying to do some research for community sports. If you're into playing competitive sports like hockey or tennis, I'd love it if you guys could help me by filling a couple quick surveys out!
The NFL Draft Desirability Index
We team up to do a lot here on Reddit. Can we team up to make sure that this is the play of the year at the Espys this summer?
Football miss of the season female Dutch striker fluffs from two yards out
Harlem Globetrotters Highlights - Newcastle Metro Radio Arena, April 1st 2013
Our city flooded last week, I thought I'd make the best of the near by parking lot!
2013 British and Irish Lions Rugby Squad Announced
When I heard Tebow got dropped
New Atlanta Falcons stadium may have some crazy features
Don't know how it's possible to have this much balance
Top 10 Funny Draft Moments
The New 'Tebowing' (crosspost from r/pics)
Minor leaguer Scott Carroll wants to endorse YOUR product.
Made some lax pennies for my team here is what went on the white side. (blue/white reversible. sorry for the blue background.)
Eat it Bean Town
A place to ask questions for any sports!
HUGE NASCAR crash (5/5/2013)
Playoff LNH Series Recreated Penguins Habs Amazing Exhibit
SF City Hall lit up with blue &amp; gold to support the Golden State Warriors playoff run. GO WARRIORS!
Good Guy ESPN
Floyd MAYWEATHER vs. Robert GUERRERO Post-Fight Analysis w/ Steve Kim
How is only one of these an issue? [Fixed]
Nothing made me more happy last night than when this happened.
Dustin Brown needs this
Another view of Tiger Woods' Stats on the PGA Tour
Where do you think the next World Cup should be and why?
A lot of deluded people in Oklahoma
If Spurs could finish just one season above Arsenal I would be so happy.
What is your favorite sensory experience at a sporting event?
Do all the Chicago Bulls fans who love how their team plays with tough defense and hard fouls realize that when the New York Knicks played the same way 15-20 years ago they all called it cheap and dirty?
Only one year til the World Cup 2014! Time to get in the mood, this video gives me goosebumps everytime!
Brad Marchand gives the Bruins another OT win
fr
You know you're in Boston when...
Why football should not be played on an American football pitch
Desperately need help appraising sports memorabilia ['50 - '00] I have no clue where to start!
Charlie Weis made almost twice as much from Notre Dame in 2011 as current coach Brian Kelly
Twenty years ago today John Starks posterized Jordan so bad that since the play is simply known as The Dunk
Did anybody else in America watch the Champions League Final through LSD vision the whole time or was that just my TV?
Rafael Nadal’s style of play and his two-handed backhand put a lot of stress on his injured left knee. [NYT Interactive]
Well...So much for playing baseball
I don't know if you guys saw this but some guy decided to base jump off the side of mount everest
Michael Phelps on Day 1 of the 2013 World Series of Poker
Nike's conspiracy in the USA Olympic Basketball Team (2008)
I feel it.
Lance Armstrong issues strongest denial yet
What a miss! Osvaldo (Sao Paulo) v Atletico Mineiro
Wow! Enganamouit Gaelle Deborah (FC Spartak) scores after 3 seconds v FC Pozarevac
Babe Ruth met future President George H.W. Bush in 1948 | For The Win
20 years ago today... The Ball of the Century...
For the sake of my sanity, yes I am an athlete!
Sensitive to headaches after concussion, is it safe to continue playing football?
For only 3 easy payments of $19.99, Mr. Mays personally guarantees your satisfaction!
If you could give up one thing for your favorite team to win a championship, what would it be?
The NBA Ballet: 2012-2013 Season
TIL a man just wanted to play ball, so he made up a fake online persona, fooled the media, signed with an agent and ended up in handcuffs. - Fascinating read
Can someone please provide a pic and hopefully a gif of LeBron's face after the foul was called on Bosh last night.
Block, assist, steal, and dunk of the year (all within 1 minute) - 2013 Finals Game 2
barbour wax jackets
Sabres and Penguins to play outside on January 1st
Yankees play prank on 10 year old boy
MLB Power Rankings
Giants and Barry Bonds Parting Ways
Cricket: India are Twenty20 World Champions
MLB Moron of the Week: Milton Bradley suffers season-ending ACL tear... while arguing with an umpire!
The classic goalie fight: Hextall v. Potvin
Female Athletes - Bringing Sexy Back
20 Quality Pics of 1010 Bondi Bikini Girls
Go Shawne! Vote for who will be on the Cover of EA's NFL Tour
Home-field advantage and postseason baseball scheduling
Yankees Decline Wild Card
~1300 yds of offense, 17 tds, 136 points: Boise State beats Nevada in 4OT, 69-67
Jimmy Kimmel banned from Monday Night Football
The Madness and the Thrill of Rock-Climbing [Pics]
FOOTBALL: Solar Panels for the San Francisco Giants
Pompey push past lacklustre Wigan 
10 Things Major League Baseball Won't Tell You
Tony Stewart needs a tissue
Arsenal clubbers Slavia Prague 7-0 in UCL!
Giuliani shocks Yankee fans; backs Red Sox in World Series
The song and the band that won the Red Sox the World Series
Alex Rodriguez Opts Out of Contract With Yankees
Whitney Myers Named 2007 NCAA Woman of the Year
Dodgers may replace Little with Torre as manager
Pitcher Hackman Gets 50 - Game Ban
Sports Handicappers
Only female ump in pro baseball released
Long-Awaited Performance Cars Debut [PICS]
Barry Bonds said he won't participate in a possible National Baseball Hall of Fame induction ceremony if his record-breaking 756th home run ball is displayed by the museum with an asterisk.
Watch The Grass Grow at the Washington Nationals New Ballpark
Janet Jones-Gretzky gambling with husband's reputation
Patriots 35 - Colts 21 (Madden game simulation)
University of Arizona's basketball coach Lute Olson to take leave of absence
Ohio State Takes On al Qaeda
Study Finds Beer After Exercise May Be Better Than Water
Mourinho versus the 12-year-old 
Italian Tennis Player Alessio Di Mauro banned for gambling 
Tell me this wasn't a marketing decision.
Barry Bonds first lucrative free agent contract offer: $1200 a month
Josh Beckett Reacts to that Whole Cy Young Award Thing
[NBA] Marbury is insane
Richest People In The World
Foreign Invasion: Taking College Sports Abroad 
Falcons close in on QB benching record
Probably the craziest field goal in NFL history
Sports Biggest Asshole Coachs
Drug Testing Prep Athletes
The Most Strange and Weird Boat that you will ever see - pics
Five Hottest Female Athletes
Barry Bonds: From The Perspective Of A College Player
May the Best Team Win: How sports schedules guarantee that the best team often loses
McClaren sacked as England coach
Pitcher Joe Kennedy Dies Suddenly
Bill Simmons: Good Writer, Bad Analyst
R.I.P. Sean Taylor...One Fan's Take
Punted Ball sticks in mud
David Beckham goes clubbing after LA defeat in Sydney 
The 100 Greatest Quarterbacks of the Modern Era
Top 5 Craziest Sports Press Conferences
Our great national nightmare is over: Hank Aaron still has more home runs than Barry Bonds.  Really.
St. Loius Cardinal's Manager DUI Arrest Caught on Tape [VIDEO]
4 arrested in murder of Redskins' Taylor 
Kevin Garnett insults reporter's ugly suit
Everything to Lose and Nothing to Gain
BCS matchups: LSU-OSU in NCG, Georgia-Hawaii in Sugar, USC-Illinois in Rose, WVU-VT in Orange, Oklahoma-Kansas in Fiesta
Reset: Ohio State No. 1, LSU No. 2 in AP Top 25
Seven Reasons A College Football Tournament Is Bad For Fans
Dear Santa, All I want for Christmas is a President who isn't the Emperor of Asshattery.
Dr. Z: Ravens pull back at the wrong time against Patriots
New Sports Guy - The Bigger The Stage, The Harder They Fall (from the mag)
A Look Back at Giants vs. Broncos (Week 15, 1998) - Undefeated Patriots Beware?
Allen Iverson scores 51.  Nuggets still lose.   
The funniest NFL Week 14 preview you'll read
Crosby vs Luongo - December 8 - Video
Salaries of College Professors vs College Football Coaches
New England Walks to 13-0 
Fan falls to his death at Monster Park during 49ers game
Mark McGwire may not be here to talk about the past, but we can talk about how incredibly hot his wife is.
F1: Alonso, Piquet Confirmed at Renault. As a rookie, there is no better way to start your career than to have a double world champion as your reference point.”
 Photo Of Babe Ruth As A Member Of The Red Sox In 1918
Baseball 'juicing' report to name names
Clemens, Pettitte named in Mitchell report 
Lies in Sports: When Enough is Enough
Could a morbidly obese goalie shut out an NHL team?
Chelios: There are no Drugs in Hockey
Why College Basketball Is Better Than The NBA
A-rod Denies Using Performance-Enhancing Drugs
That's Kinda Gay Comentor (Video)
College Football Bowl System needs adjusting
Congress to hold hearings on steroid use
Tendulkar fit to face Australia
Skate Feed | Skateboarding News | Skateboard bloggin straight to your grill piece.
DIY guide to making carbon fiber car parts.
Incredible insightful article into the mind and life of Pete Carroll.
Chicago Bulls fire their head coach... on Christmas Eve
Who is Dimitar Berbatov?
Racism: Alive and Well at Ball State University
Phillip Rivers taunts Jay Cutler during game ( Video )
Are the New England Patriots the greatest NFL team ever?
Robbie Maddison Sets Motorcycle Jump Record (Video) — Top Socialite
Still Got It
Do the Patriots need to run more to win it all?
Charles leaving school to enter NFL draft - NFL
Dolphins Name Jeff Ireland General Manager 
Tecmo Super Bowl-Simulated NFL Wild Card Games (w/Video!)
Wild Card Sunday Preview -  LaDainian Tomlinson should get his share of touches against Tennessee in their Wild Card battle..Cant wait for weekend of fun!
Two-year drugs ban for Hingis
World Series of Beer Pong III in Las Vegas
[NFL] Late FG brings the victory for the Jaguars
Chargers Bolt Past Titans 17 - 6 
Let's get serious about steroids
Joe Gibbs Resigns as Redskins Head Coach
Man Catches Swordfish With His Bare Hands
In 1989, the Bulls moved Jordan to the PG position. He responded with seven consecutive triple-doubles.
Herb Pope: Talented, but Trouble 
Ron Hextall Mix
Faces on Campus: January
Fixing the BCS Part I: A Playoff
Randall Cunningham evades Carl Banks
Live your dream: Steps on how to be a professional racer
After Years on Sideline, Lingerie Retailer Victoria's Secret Gets Back in the Game
KEEGAN RETURNS AS NEWCASTLE BOSS
Johan Santana Leaving Twins?
It's gay, balls are touching (maybe nsfw)
2007 Cowboys season recap (in 8 seconds)
Big East Basketball Preview
UFC's Rampage Jackson Impersonates Chuck Liddell Video
5 steps towards a healthier lifestyle
Green Bay Weather Causes Packers Fan To Act Like Cheese Heads 
Reading vs. Manchester Utd.
Highlights of the english premier league match between Fulham vs Arsenal
The NFL Draft: Underclassmen RB's rank high on the board
College Swimming and Diving Season Overshadowed by Beijing Olympics
Do You Want Your Wife or GirlfriendTo Have Body Like Madonna?
Why People Love College Athletes So Much
Nintendo RBI recreation of '86 World Series game 6
The Most Dominant Team in The Universe 
Yuvraj 6 Sixes vs England (Twenty20 World Cup)
Fun Facts about the 2007 New York Giants
-21 degree windchill - maybe the 6 hardest nipples ever (semi-NSFW...bikinis)
Video Highlights of Baylor Surviving No. 16 Aggies in 5 Overtimes 
Tendulkar Bats On and On - Australia vs India ~ 4th Test (Day 2 In Play) « With Malice…
Jeff Feagles has a great ass
Super Bowl Rings Through the Years
Murilo Ninja Rua Vs Denis Kang Fight Video Pride Bushido 11
Tiger Woods Coasts to Eight Shot Victory
Manchester United vs Arsenal in the FA Cup fifth round!
Backstage News On Tonight's Jeff Hardy vs. Randy Orton Royal Rumble Title Match
Don’t Get Caught « With Malice…
25 things you didn't know about Superbowl
Juventus To Sign Sissoko and Mellberg... Why?
K-state freshman phenom Beasley predicts victory over undefeated Kansas
Loonie Economics in the N.H.L. 
Ex-NHLer Karalahti charged in drug case
Soccer Gold: Celtic player accidently knocks out ref with ball and is sent off
Funny ghost video
Brady Holds Court and Plays the Charmer
Plaxico Burress -vs- Randy Moss ; who has more fantasy value in 2008?
In-Car video of Pastrana taking out a deer during Rally (kinda graphic)
Sonics in Seattle in 2009? What happened?
mouth guard 
MMA Fighter Gomi Signs To Fight  For World Victory Road
FBR Open Has an Atmosphere of Its Own 
The Beasts of the East
Inventive Commercials Vie for Dominance at Super Bowl XLII
Super Bowl Pool -- Win a free t-shirt
Top 10 Competitive Eating Contests
Lisa A. Miceli: Michael Jordan's Mistress or Crazy Person? (Photos)
Former Patriots Video Assistant Hints At Team's Spying History
world championchips in hockey on ice
Baseball Prospectus: Top 100 Prospects
How Serious Are The Spygate Allegations? 
Guy Lafleur is going to trial on charge of giving contradictory testimony
CB Series India vs Australia 1st ODI Live cricket streaming
India vs Australia 1st ODI live cricket streaming CB Series.
Keita Nakamura vs Rob Emerson UFC 81 Video
Chris Lytle Vs Kyle Bradley Fight Video UFC 81
David Heath Vs Tim Boetsch Fight Video UFC 81
Pacman can't get enough of the strippers!!  Make it rain Pacman!!
how can you be supporter of a franchise?
5 Ballpark promotions that went wrong
Tank Abbott Vs Pedro Rizzo Fight Video UFC Brazil - Classic Fight
Memmoo: Nick Perry to USC
The Onion's First Completely True Story?
Soccer USA vs Mexico final results
The Phoenix Suns Get Some Diesel To Put in the High Octane Machine
Steroid Dealer Avoids Jail - Gets 5 Years Probation for Cooperation 
The Knicks Lose!  Fire Isiah!!  Pacers vs. Knicks 2/6
Late night rumor - HOSSA TO HABS FOR HIGGINS + 1st
Shea Stadium's sign man dies; was fixture at Mets games
U-Turn Over UK Olympic Gagging Row
Richard Zednik's Neck Cut By Olli Jokinen's Skate Blade
Deep Impact - Shaq Lands In Phoenix « With Malice…
Chris Berman's outtakes
Daniel Snyder&amp;#8217;s never-ending quest to be the worst owner in sports.
Did Andy Pettite Finger Roger Clemens ?
Brady's Firing a Shame
The Waiting Game
Smart basketball or total douche move?  You be the judge! (video)
Minnesota's Coach Brewster: A Titan Among Giants
Carlo Prater Vs Carlos Condit Fight Video WEC 32
The Most Intriguing At-Bat of 2007 - A great story about Tony Gwynn Jr.
Why NOT Lie To Congress?
Good Basic Camping Checklist
EliteXC Street Certified Fight Video Rafael Feijao Vs John Doyle
EliteXC Street Certified Fight Video Dave Herman Vs Mario Rinaldi
Dwight Howard is Superman [Pic]
Scott Smith Vs Kyle Noke Fight Video EliteXC
The Sonics Have Left The Building… Or Want To « With Malice…
One thing to learn from me is that everything I've ever done has been me, not something that someone calculated me to be.-Michael Jordan
Andy Pettitte (Finally) Shows Some Integrity
Why you should never ask a NASCAR race analyst about technology 
Shaq Terrified Of Phoenix Suns After Reading About Supernovas
Crusty Demon double-backflip stack caught in cool time-lapse images
I guess Roger Clemens traded in the Zest for some steroids? (video)
Kimbo Slice Made $175K to Fight Tank Abbott 
Former England footballer Paul Gascoigne has been detained under the Mental Health Act
Rays new stadium looks like sailboat [pic]
How Roger Clemmons Could Make America Want to Forgive Him
Rivalries Renewed
Another argument in the ongoing debate of what makes a sport a sport.
9 Technology Innovations That Have Made Sports So Much Better for Fans
Excellent article about the dunk shot with a bonus ridiculous unintentional Photoshop error on pg. 3
Ford Verve/Fiesta Concept - ‘08 Geneva Preview
Shinya Aoki Grappling And MMA Highlights
 Rinspeed sQuba Concept - ‘08 Geneva Preview
 Rolls Royce Phantom Coupe - ‘08 Geneva Preview
Italdesign Giugiaro Quaranta - ‘08 Geneva Preview 
 Ford Kuga - ‘08 Geneva Preview
MLB follows NFL's mistake, cracks down on online reporting
Best Ways to Improve Hockey
One-Armed Basketball Player!
Are You a Scientist or a Judge When it Comes to Evaluating Your Golf Performance?
The Debate: Hardwood or Gridiron
What if? Fantasy College Basketball
Top 15 Fantasy Baseball Team Names
 Maserati Gran Turismo S At ‘08 Geneva
 Audi R8 V12 TDI Le Mans - ‘08 Geneva
 Toyota Plans To Replace The Lithium-Ion Batteries
Attention Kids, Keep Your Sports Dreams
Can Athletes Win Lawsuits Over Rescinded Scholarship Offers?
The rules of storming the court
Audi R8 V12 TDI has a 50/50 shot at production, gets driven
Hamilton Wins a Penalty, Crash, and Failure Filled Australian GP
unOfficial reddit March Madness Bracket Group, join up
Fedor Emelianenko Gives Free Seminar In The Netherlands Video
What are your chances at a perfect NCAA tournament bracket? Pretty damn small.
Red Sox threaten to strike and sit out season opener if coaches aren't paid for Japan trip
Soccer star ready to go all the way
Outrage over the Blue Devils’ second-round loss to West Virginia was so vicious that one Duke message board had to be shut down for a day to give fans time to cool off.
Good Player beats his girlfriend -- Stays on Team.  Bad Player beats his girlfriend -- Immediately released.  Yup.
Why Duke Sucks
Jonathan Roy, son of Patrick Roy fighting and flipping off the crowd
Chef at PGA Tour event randomly struck by falling bullet, continues cooking 
Tiger Woods Says He'll Know When to Quit
Craigslist - Drunken Wheelchair Olympics
A good synopsis of the last week of the NHL season
Floyd Mayweather is a pussy.
Best Kimbo Slice Fights [VIDEOS]
EURO 2008 Blog - you are the football expert
Porto accused of fixing matches
Kevin Loves makes extraordinary full court shot
Women's basketball worth watching: Candace Parker dislocates shoulder twice, still scores 26 points.
The 10 Best Hitters In MLB History
How the PGA Tour Manages Its Data
Memphis Vs. Kansas - Battle of the Cheerleaders!
Mario Chalmers and THE SHOT
Tiger Woods will take aim at an historic Grand Slam when the first round of the 72nd Masters begins at Augusta, Georgia, on Thursday
Ian Kennedy got jerked off in the bullpen
ESPN nixes Bill Simmons Obama interview
Interview with Enzo Francescoli, GolTV CEO
07-08 Premier League Team of the Season
C.C. Sabathia has the same number of quality starts as Carmelo Anthony does successful sobriety tests - zero (and it's KILLING my fantasy team)
Steve Nash's Nikes Are Made Out of Garbage
Japanese Buddhist temple refuses Olympic torch
Pro Footballers Say Sport is Homophobic
PBS to air Roberto Clemente
Best Draft Bargains of Past 20 Years - If you call Brady a bargain
European championships often spring surprises
National Writer's Mock Draft: The Browns lost their pick at a craps table. WTF??
13-year-old Olympic Diver Daley Seizes the Imagination
Nick Paumgarten: The most hated player in the N.H.L.
Dario Franchitti, Ashley Judd's Husband, in NASCAR Wreck
Riley can't stand the Heat, won't coach next year
From teenage tantrums to sublime success
Denis Kang Vs. Gegard Mousasi Dream.2 Video
Kazushi Sakuraba Vs. Andrews Nakahara Dream.2 Video
Mark Cuban fires Avery Johnson after another 1st round playoff debacle
Dennis Rodman Arrested for Domestic Violence
Kobe Bryant will win first MVP award
Olympic torch paraded in Macau
Papa John's offer 23 cent pizzas to Cleveland residents, apologizes to LeBron
The 'Ms. Green Booty' Manifesto (Becuz Sustainability Can't Wait)
Soccer - Freestyle
The best golf tip I've seen in a long time [video]
BREAKING NEWS: Delgado's agent is insane
Bonnie Richardson wins Texas state track team title on her own.
Pit Stop Athletes
Mike Tyson Tells All in Tyson Film at Cannes
Russia have won the ice hockey World Championship
 Photographer speared by javelin in high school track meet
45 tennis matches under suspicion
The dreaded penalty shootout
Hopkins defeats #1 Duke in LAX final four - will face Syracuse in finals
Woman can be good enough but woman don't really try.
Nearly Nude Women Invade Soccer Practice
Lakers vs. Celtics preview
Great coaches, 'leftover' players key to UC Irvine's &amp; Cal State Fullerton's runs
Jim McKay Dies - 40-year Host of Wide World of Sports
Larry Bird and Magic Johnson split screen commercial
Saudi Arabian football authorities are investigating an error that led to the Syrian national anthem being played before a match against Lebanon.
Was the first Dutch goal offside or not?
Possibly lame Tiger ready for US Open
EURO 2008: Spain 4 - 1 Russia (Villa hat-trick, Spain look awesome)
Giants Superbowl Rings Stolen; Belichick Wanted for Questioning
Croatia v Germany - Live Blog - Group B - Euro 2008
Which Sport Would Win in a Fight?
Top 10 Slam Dunks
Top 5 Wimpiest College Mascots. [pics]
Euro 2008 - Ballack fires Germany into last eight
Lenny Clarke post Celtic Championship Interview, God doesn't like rapists
Celtics wins 17th NBA title with 131-92 rout of Lakers
Offseason outlook for all 30 NBA teams
Gol de poveste [video]
Germany v Spain - Euro 2008 Final - Preview
 Baseball's Best Deadline Deals In The Wild Card Era
EURO 2008: Uefa top 23 players
Soccer players have hot girlfriends in bikinis...this time it is Christian Wilhelmson
LeBron aware that Nets, Knicks looking to snag All-Star in future.
ARod and Madonna maybe an item, but ARod's former body-builder girlfriend is a sight to behold [Pic - maybe NSFW]. 
Could Tiger start his own World Golf Tour?
Ronaldo Leaves Utd [Funny Vid]
Coulthard poised to end F1 career
Hanson suffers first major upset of Olympic trials - Swimming
Nadal Beats Federer At Wimbledon - When It Comes To Blogging
Blackhawks - Red Wings outdoor game in Wrigley Field scheduled for New Years Day 2009
Fighter salaries for UFC 86: Jackson vs. Griffin
Yankee Stadium's days are numbered. So go ahead, take a piece of it home.
Greatest 'Tour De France' Crashes [VIDS]
To get us pumped for the upcoming Olympics - Carl Lewis' music video - Break it up 
The 9 teams with a shot at the World Series (teams outside North America not included)
Longoria and Hart head to All-Star game.  Largest voter turn-out in last 5 years combined.
Protest kits for Aussie athletes at Olympic Games
When He's Not on the Field, He Turns into Ronal-Dough
Official: Ronaldinho To Milan
American League Wins Marathon All-Star Game In 15 Innings - ESPN Video
Rick Reilly Thinks There Are Too Many White People In The HR Derby (vid
An Enthusiastic Fan at the 2008 79th MLB All-Star Game
The Bleacher Bums Enjoy Hamilton's 28.  Unique perspective and classy NY heckling. (video)
Goodell: NFL rookie pay-scale 'ridiculous'
2008 MLB All-Star Game Goes 15 Innings; AL Defeats NL 4-3
'Rampage' Jackson detained for mental health evaluation
Carson Palmer hates the OSU Buckeyes....lives and works in the Buckeye state
The Birds of Baltimore aren’t the flashiest baseball team, but they’re quietly poised to compile their best record in 10 years.
Anti Cowboy ticket plan
Manning, Colts eye return to Super Bowl
Michigan NFLers Still Sour About App State Upset
Among the Hugs: Is Cuddly MLS Really Turning Violent?
CS football team Campulung Muscel (video) 
 Lions draft pick Caleb Campbell to military duty.
Brett pine-tar-nutty video, 25 years old today, plays hard to get.
The Top 10 college basketball programs since 1984-85.
Headed to the Net Amy McCarthy and Dan Hinote
Andrew Giuliani Files Suit Against Duke University
Digital revolution could be Olympics' salvation 
Awesome Nadal takes Toronto crown
Manny is dragging down the Red Sox
Greg Norman Declines PGA Championship Invitation &amp;amp; Commits to Johnnie Walker Classic
Italian Riccardo Ricco admits taking EPO before Tour de France
 ESPN Just Realized Emmitt Is Horrible at His Job
Michelle Wie not worried about what LPGA players think of decision to play PGA event
Pudge Rodriguez joins Yankees
Juve's Italian Messi being tracked by English clubs after contract disputes
Antoci Iagăr-Elena and Cristina Vasiloiu may miss Olympics
IOC strips gold from 2000 Olympics U.S. relay team
Nadal Guaranteed King of Tennis Ranking
Beijing Olympics: Swimmer Michael Phelps aiming to win eight gold medals
Wenger to stick by Gallas. Is that the right thing for Arsenal?
In Semifinals, Djokovic Shows That Nadal Can Be Beaten
9 Die, 5 Mission, on K2
America The Beautiful
The Olympic Torch Transformed Over History
Ozzie Guillen admits to ordering past retaliation 
The 26 Hottest US Olympic Women
The Evolution of the Olympic Torch
China's Olympic Terror Plot -Was Another Munich in Progess?
Join the Reddit Premier League! EPL fantasy football (soccer). Code to join in comments.
So How Much Trouble Is Team USA In, Really?
Brett Favre traded to Jets.
This Jets deal is a downer for Favre.
Does anyone under 30 give a crap about the Olympics?
China is gaining, but Team USA is still No. 1
Green Bay Sends Brett Favre Packing
18 Smaller Olympic Countries to Root For
Opening Olympic Ceremony Beijing 2008 (Video) 
American in Beijing for Olympics is stabbed to death
Favre projected to add 0.4 expected wins for the Jets this year (from 7.2 to 7.6)
Olympic Medalist Laura Manaudou Nude (Photos)
Number One reason to stop watching the Olympics
Phelps wins 3rd gold in 200 free
Age of Chinese Olympic gymnasts in doubt. Honestly, these girls are not 16.
I don't mean to sound unpatriotic, but I hardly think winning the most medals in a sport that gives you 8 times the opportunity as other sports makes you the greatest athlete ever.
Spanish Olympic Team Defends Controversial Photo
Does Phelps Really Deserve All This Praise for Winning His Gold Medals?
Angry Swedish Wrestler Ara Abrahamian Threw Down his Olympic Bronze Medal in Protest
Red Sox Captain Jason Varitek, Wife Divorcing
Top 10 Underrated cheerleader / dance teams
Michael Phelps Cartoon
Shawn Johnson takes the silver medal at the Beijing Olympics (Photos)
Olympic Wrestler Stripped of Medal
The loss of Michael Vick's fortune
Phelps has double jointed feet for more thrust in the water.
SATISFACTORY support placing women at boxing OJ 2012
A gold rush for Great Britain
Giants Beat Browns in Pre-Season Action
Shawn Johnson and Nastia Liukin go 1-2 in balance beam...no judging controversy about this one
Carl Lewis &gt; Michael Phelps 
The Ups and Downs of Competition
The Philadelphia Phillies are very subtle with insulting gay people
Is Ganja the new steriod?
Carli Lloyd scored OT goal against Brazil to win soccer Gold
13 things you didn't know about Michael Phelps [pics]
Underage Gymnast in China issue heating up - IOC finally taking action thanks to independant investigations on the net
Best of Beijing Olympics - Day 13 [pics]
Is Robinho a slave now?
Dallas Cowboy Terrell Owens Confesses About Eva Mendes
 2012 Games 'will be under budget' 
36 facts about the Olympic medal count .
Bama v Clemson: Who Cheats Harder?
Sir Don Bradman - Australia's Greatest Sportsman would have been 100 Today
Speed painting: F1 Crash (time lapse video)
Closed captioning makes the Mets ovulate [PIC]
In Philly, they throw you back on the field...OUCH (video)
How to beat the free kick wall with a full moon. [slightly NSFW pic]
AFP: Life athletics ban for drug cheat Blonska
Robinho Signs For Manchester City For Record Fee Of 32.4 Million Pounds 
Jacksonville Jaguars offensive tackle Richard Collier shot, has life-threatening injuries
The Yankees Aren't Dead...Yet
The 50 hottest female sports women ever
Top 10: Best-paid sportsmen in the world
25 Amazing Athletes Over the Age of 50
Mountain Bike Accident....Holy shit!  How did this guy not die?!
VY WANTS HIS SAUSAGE IN YOUR MOUTH | With Leather
SOCCER BRAWLS JUST GOT AWESOME 
Random 6'1 guy beats LeBron James at HORSE (video)
Michael Phelps enjoying Vegas by groping a waitress at the Playboy Club (Photo)
10 years later: McGwire on No. 62
Motorcyclist dies in Utah speed record attempt - reached 239mph
Reggie Bush has not been a flop
Tennis - Murray stuns Nadal to reach final
Tom Brady Injured; May Miss Rest of Season
21 amazing facts about Beijing Olympics 2008
Where is a good place to sell sports tickets?
Packers Fans Are Smart And Clever...Spell Favres Name Wrong...
Twenty shocking and tragic sports deaths.
RB literally hurdles defender - the next Walter Payton?
Tight Ends  The 10 Sexiest Football Movie Babes Of All Time
Lance Armstrong Confirms: I Will Return to Cycling
NFL average team value tops $1 billion: Forbes
IS VINCE YOUNG CRAZY? (complete with cool pic)
Tiger Woods Is Just Ridiculous [VIDEO]
Flagging a title: Seven flag football pitfalls to avoid
Tony Kornheiser's Car May Have Been Stolen By A Stalker
SARAH PALIN IS A LYING TWO-FACED TRAITOR  
Trucks race ends with fight in pits
The Onion: Tim Duncan Forwards Story About Particle Accelerator To Spurs Teammates
Ed Hochuli Blows the Fumble Call on Jay Cutler and the Broncos Lose
Anna Kournikova At Nautica Triathlon At Zuma Beach
Top 20 greatest individual sports rivalries
Weird. Three of the top five receiving-touchdown NFL players are currently active players - and seven of the top 10 played in the 2000s
Michael Vick Opens Dog Health Spa And Boutique Despite Federal Restrictions
F1: [Video] McLaren fit giant headlights for Singapore GP (Funny)
Al Davis hires Darth Vader as new coach of the Oakland Raiders (with pictures)
Jake The Snake Roberts has a live breakdown and shows his dong to the world!
Gina Carano's photo shoot for Shape magazine (video)
Ed Hochuli Apologizes for Botched Call 
Josh Howard of the Dallas Mavericks during National Anthem: “Star spangled is going on right now — I don’t even celebrate that shit. I’m black, god damnit! Barack Obama!” [with video]
College Football: Why is Undefeated Georgia Sliding in the Polls?
George Brett Like To Shit in His Pants!!!
Ask reddit fantasy footballers: This week, should I start Lee Evans or Roddy White at WR2? Titans or Jags D?
The 20 All-Time Best ESPN GameDay Signs
Chad Johnson's Gmail Account Hacked!! (satire)
Anyone else watch the Yanks tonight and get a little teary eyed at the end?
1954 Paramount Newsreel: Wilt Chamberlain at 17
24 Hour Fitness Patrons: Please Stop Offering Me Drugs 
The Goal that Never Was -- one of the most amazing ref mistakes you'll ever see (vid)
Are the Red Sox Too White?
Breaking news: Golfers rescue passengers from a plane crash
Hefs girlffriend Kendra denies being ingaged to Phily Eagles Wideout Hank Baskett
Newcastle 1-2 Tottenham Highlights
Tour gives all clear for returning Armstrong
Top 10 Sports Cheating Scandals
Packers Offensive Lines Proves It Can Stop The Run
1-2 Oregon State up 21-0 at half against #1 USC
Bama's O-line leads the way, Nittany Lions still have points to prove
One of the best football catches you'll ever see  [video]
Man faces 4 years in prison for impersonating a Dodger
Gas shortage leads to fights, threatens college football in South 
Snead, who backed out of Florida after Tebow signed, tosses two TDs, runs for one as Ole Miss stuns the Gators
Which NFL team has the drunkest fans?
The Mets stumbled again to miss the postseason and their ugly relief pitching is to blame.   
Winless Rams fire coach Scott Linehan  
10 Pull-ups bars you can install in your home gym
Musician Fired After Playing Go Cubs, Go 
Nick Saban has Alabama on its way back to the top
ESPN: Watch a leg amputation
Prince Fielder dowsed in...champagne I assume? [Unfortunate Pic]
Who's creepier?
Chinese gymnasts are cleared in age-falsification investigation
The ‘Sarah-Cuda’ Hunting Bow
Cheerleading Scouting Report: Bills vs. Cardinals
Fan Arrested for Throwing Home Run Ball Back
We've got a new favorite manager! First press-conference with Joe Kinnear -- Legend.
Seats for the 2010 Winter Olympic Games in Vancouver go on sale today.
THE GLOVE FITS: Jury finds O.J. Simpson guilty of all 12 counts in his Las Vegas armed robbery and kidnapping trial.
Kimbo Slice got KTFO in 14 seconds 
Paintball Equipment : Kneepads to Protect From Knee Injury
Astros' Backe Arrested In 'Wedding Riot'  Punches Cop.
Lineman says LSU will do best to 'take out' Tebow
The 7 best exile locations for Sage Rosenfels
OJ Simpson can play on the prison football team!
The Browns-Palin Paradox
Could the Premier League Go Bust?  US Financial Meltdown may take league down with them.
John Daly May Play More in Europe
Is the Spread Dead at Auburn?
Pac-10 Class of 2001 quarterbacks were arguably the all-time best group in one conference
The Top 10 Franchises Likely to Move
Teen hit in head with SHOT PUT
No one gave Def Leppard the Stanley Cup instruction manual?
The Best Sports Journalism Ever (According to Bill Simmons)
Yeah, don't look for the Lions to win anytime soon 
Winless Rams upset Redskins 19-17 on 49-yard FG 
User action sport video's
Drag Race Surprise - A Terrific Story
Sources: Tommy Bowden fired at Clemson after 3-3 start - College Football
Ironman World Champ Got Help Along the Way, fellow compeitor helped her with a flat
FIRERROD.COM-MICHIGAN FANS ALREADY FED UP
Colts acknowledge Manning had 2nd knee surgery.  He thinks he's in regular season form now.  
Nhl: Does Haunting Cherepanov Video Reveal Negligence?
Kevin Johnson Calls on Charles Barkley for Political Help, Video
Would you sacrifice a finger to play football? (video)
Meow! Boomer Esiason and Troy Aikman break out the claws
“The Wave” Is 27-Years-Old!
The Lions made out pretty good on that Roy Williams trade. Excellent move for a rebuilding team.
Favre said he is undecided about playing in 2009
Chiefs' L.J. out Sunday for violating team rules
MLB teams conspired to not sign Barry Bonds....lawsuit in the works
Chelios: Def Leppard disgraced the Stanley Cup on purpose  
TWELVE hilarious sporting tales...
4 Common Strategy Mistakes NFL Coaches Make
Boston Fans Blow Off The Return of Red Sox
The Chiefs Are Interested In Daunte Culpepper
College Football: Alabama's Weakness Has Been Found: It's the Second Half
Worry Not Degenerate Gamblers, We Have Your World Series Prop Bets
Josh Childress has Lost Millions on his contract in Euros (CHARTS)
Rugby match to honor Sir Edmund Hillary
Let's bring back the College All-Star Football Game where College players face off against Pro players.
Getting to the bottom of the most destructive experiences on earth.
UFC 90 fight predictions
Police chief rebukes Isiah Thomas for involving daughter to cover up his overdose.
League says no to Haslett’s win-based contract, based on the required interviews for minorities.
Where the Thunder Comes Dribbling Down the Plain
Police liken overdose at Isiah Thomas' home to 'cover-up'
The Worlds Oldest College Basketball Player 
Condoleezza Rice up for front office position with Niners?
Tennessee's Fulmer May Not Know How to Win, But He Sure Knows how to Keep a Job
NFL Team Valuations sorted by Current Value ($mil) - Forbes.com  Dallas is $1.6Billion
MLB Can Keep This Rain Delay Mess From Happening Again
Clemens Denies Injecting Steroids Into Ass Of Teenage Singer
Arsenal vs Tottenham Highlights
Marshall Football Player Hurt During Game (with video)
Police: Golfer John Daly drunk, detained.  Rehabilitation works.
China listed nine U.S. athletes and one assistant coach with potential to cause problems at Olympics 
Things People Said: Yogi Berra Quotes
Agent who was inspiration for 'Jerry Maguire' arrested
Everton vs Fulham Live Streaming Football
Bucs recover from big hole, beat KC in OT 
Phil Fulmer Reaches Agreement to Resign as UT Vols Head Coach
Will the 2009 F1 rules allow Honda to catch McLaren, Ferrari &amp; the rest?
Who Will Replace Fulmer?
The 10 least athletic presidents
'trying to rewrite history'
Griffey for President - Classic Commercials from 1996
Brandon Roy Sinks a Buzzer-beating 3-pointer with 0.8 Seconds left in OT to Defeat the Rockets
Kendra Wilkinson Gallery
Yanks Paying NYC Millions in Back Rent
Derek Jeter ranks as the worst fielder in baseball
Bears go 9-0!!!
Forget any hopes of a championship; Pats fans just want a hero to root for.
Obama Playing Basketball on Election Day, Video | NESW Sports, Sports Videos
Jeff George Still Thinks He Can Add Something to Some Lucky NFL Team
Belichick works magic
Wondergirl Carly flag football (video)
Charles Barkley Plays, Who He Play For, TNT, Video
The 10 best and 10 worst NFL coaches
Athlete Top 10 Lists on Letterman
Remembering the Heidi Bowl
Wood calls his departure from Cubs 'bittersweet'
Charlie Weis alienates Irish supporters
MLB's Closest MVP Races
Best Kobe Bryant Alley-Oop
Vanderbilt beat Kentucky 31-24 Saturday night to gain bowl eligibility for the first time in 26 years.
Boys In The Scrum | The first all African-American high school rugby team
Warren Sapp calls Keyshawn Johnson a naughty word.  That naughty word is bitch for those scoring at home.
Citi Field Gets Grass [pics]
Yanks preparing 5-year, $80 million offer for Burnett
In N.B.A., All-Star Acting is Part of Game
Donovan McNabb Doesn't Know NFL Rules
Security in the NFL: Dunta Robinson- I saw them looking at my face, then back to the football pictures on the wall, then one of the guys was like, You're a good player, so I'm not going to kill you.
Greg Oden: I will Put All My Money on This Guy
Preview: Michael Jordan Signs for 2008-09 NBA Premier
NHL: Scott Burnside: Team-by-team grades at the quarter mark
“I was telling Luke (Walton) about 10 minutes ago that this might be the first season I average 31 minutes because we’ve been blowing people out,” Bryant said.
Trading Shaq brightened future for Lakers 
Death on the Football Fields: Angels of the Football
THIS IS GONNA BE AN EPIC BOWL OF SUCK
The worst anti-Michigan tattoo on an Ohio State fan you'll ever see
Gianluigi Buffon would 'make deal happen' if Manchester City offer &amp;pound;60 million
What if ..... Sir Alex was sacked in 1990?
Usain Bolt to make $200,000 per race this year!
Cycling During the Holiday Season
A way to solve the problem of bundled-up cheerleaders
Your future in Sports Image Consulting
Kaka interested in move to the Premier League
Liverpool 1-0 Marseille
How to make Thanksgiving football relevant again
Can the Detroit Lions Go 0-16?
John Madden Reminds Viewers Of Importance Of Quarterback To NFL Teams | The Onion 
Notre Dame players tussle with USC players during pregame warmups
Lawyer: Giants' Burress to be charged
Other Incidents of Athletes Who Have Shot Themselves in the Foot
Mayor Bloomberg fuming over Plaxico shooting: Throw the book at him.
Wetzel's playoff plan: I'll drink to that - College Football 
$1,000,000 Hole-In-One Winner
Michael Phelps Is 2008 Sportsman Of The Year (Sports Illustrated Cover)
NFL to broadcast first game in 3-D on Thursday.  Raiders-Chargers to be shown in theaters in L.A, New York and Boston.
Roy Keane leaves Sunderland
Pacman Jones shouldn't be in the NFL
Top 10 new sports words of 2008 
Matt Hasselbeck Tells a Bunch of Sixth Graders That Ben Roethlisberger Is a Girl
The Economy Is in the Toilet, But Ticket Prices for Bowl Games Are Still on the Rise ... How About That ROSE BOWL, CITI???
Sports Nutrition Advice from the company that makes Hot Pockets and candy bars.  Huh?
The 100 hottest WAGs for 2009: #'s71-80 
Alabama 20, Florida 31 Florida in control of another National Title.
Live Blog: De La Hoya vs. Pacquiao Fight Results
Florida, Oklahoma moves to top of polls - Los Angeles Times
13 Curious Clauses in Baseball Contracts 
2008 2009 College Football Bowl Schedule Just Released Download and Print
Memphis Tigers Star Tyreke Evans Gets Crunk (Party Photos)
White Sox shoot down trade rumors about Dye, Jenks
Details emerge of Honda's withdrawal from Formula One
The recession has hit the NFL. The league is cutting more than 10% of its headquarters staff.
Sources: FBI looked at Clemens' medical files
Arena Football needs urgent Government bailout package, call your state reps now!
Football: Ronaldo to play for Corinthians 
Vinsanthe Shiancoe Invited To Star In Porn Film
Upper body injury is NHL code for snowblower accident
TO finds out Romo already has a BFF: If I was Romo, I'd tell him to shut the f*** up. (Keyshawn Johnson)
Red Hot
Sam Bradford Wins Heisman Trophy (Results)
Tottenham 0-0 Man Utd
Ronaldo - Two Thousand and 9 Phenomenal
Will Tebow get the last laugh on Bradford?
Attorney: Vick might move to halfway house
Mannings first QB brothers to make Pro Bowl
The 3 Greatest George Best Goals
The Heisman ceremony is turning into 'American Idol'
Holyfield eager to prove doubters wrong
/b/ creating rumors of an Erin Andrews-David Wright sex tape
Michael Phelps Is Going to Make His Own Video Game. Yeah. Swimming Video Games Are Exciting, Asshole.
Chase Utley's World Series 'F-Bomb' Brought Out the Politically Correct Whiners to the FCC
Time to blow up the Ottawa Senators
How Shaquille O'Neal got to the brink of 5,000 missed free throws
Talking LSD, Steroids and Baseball with Dock Ellis (RIP)
RCA Dome Implosion Video
New Yankee Stadium 3D seating selector
Five Pac-10 Teams in Postseason
Yi Jianlian May Have Lied About His Age, And Might Be 24, Not 21
Beckham presented as an AC Milan player
David Beckham will wear the no.32 shirt at AC Milan. That's 31 more than the number of people who care...
Chargers playoff hopes still alive!
RCA Dome Implosion In Indianapolis December | Vidz King - King Of Videos
A Year in Review: The Worst Sports Transactions of 2008
Buccaneers' Greg White Changed His Name to Stylez G. White, Inspired by 'Teen Wolf'
What is the Worst Sports Memorabilia You Own?
Sports' Deepest Throats
5 Straight Minutes of Knockouts, and a Dude Who Takes 37 Punches in a Row
Yankees to roll back ticket prices to 1923 for opener
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: The Tampa Bay Rays ticket wish list for 2009
61 year-old farmer won ultra marathon against top athletes
Giants may rest players, still expect to play hard
Lance Armstrong To Be Father For The Fourth Time
Shaun Ellis Gets Fined By NFL For Snowball Throw
Fighting Irish end NCAA-record 9-game bowl skid 
John Tavaress Incredible Hockey Goal
Underdogs Emerge as Winners | Sports Addict!
Steelers-Browns Photo Journal
Pics of Amazing Adventurous Sports...
Chad Pennington of Miami Dolphins wins second NFL comeback player award
Dozens of inventions could have replaced football's chains by now, but they endure
YouTube - The Zetterberg Song
Charles Barkley DUI keeps him from Getting Oral Sex
2008's Not So Great Athletes. 
Some leftover Truths for the New Year- Whitlock bashes people
Redditor submits bogus 10 reasons why Yankees won't win the World Series, then get's dismantled in the comments.
Police Report: Charles Barkley in a Hurry for Sex - Gets DUI
When did people start focusing on inter-conference arguments in football?  Like SEC vs. Big12 vs. PAC10 vs. Big10.
Samurai archery, an ancient sport, still thrives 
5 takeaways help Ravens beat Dolphins 27-9
New Zealand Warrior lost at sea trying to save bro
Ten Other Excuses Charles Barkley Could've Told the Phoenix Cop
Las Vegas,NV-Flag Football Nationals-Registered Teams | Flag Football Blog
Canada defeats Sweden to win fifth straight World Junior Hockey Championship gold
Unbelievable Touchdown Grab
Tennis star Anna Ivanovic sunbathing photos
Florida Gators vs Oklahoma Sooners hot babe breakdown
Every Shaq on ESPN NBA RV Commercial, Very Funny Video
Smoltz reaches deal with Red Sox
Beanie Wells Leaving School for the NFL Draft Thinks NFL Is 'Slower' Than the Big 10
Breaking news: Texas Longhorns sue for BCS title
If there were a plus one playoff system, which game would you most like to see? Pay attention to the state of Texas.
Blazers to sue any NBA team that signs Darius Miles... this is the strangest NBA news I've read in years.
Charles Barkley's Failed Sobriety Test Caught on Tape - Listen!
Reality body-checks Celtics
Jim Rice and Rickey Henderson heading to the Hall of Fame
Chris Berman is a sweaty, drunk, manimal
The Shanahan Era in Denver... A look at the stats. Only twice with a record below .500
Golf's hottest? Anna Rawson pictures
Barkley, Magic, Dr J, D Wade, Old School, My Faves Commercial, Who put Charles Barkley in a black leotard? :-)
UGA sports memorabilia being auctioned online through Jan. 19
Earl Clark Does his Best Jonny Flynn Impression and Posterizes Luke Harangody
The 2009 Dakar Rally [pics]
Man City have apparently bid 100million Euros for Kaka, and offered wages of 15m Euros every season.
Rare Vid, Year 2000, GP talks about  “Gary Payton Wireless”? Video
West Ham teenage footballer signs 1 million pounds jazz record deal
Pavement's Stephen Malkmus is an Unexpected Fantasy Basketball Fanatic!
Kobe Bryant Sells Ankle Insurance
Harvin jumps to NFL, Spikes returns to Florida 
The Best NFL Fantasy Players (Video)
4 NFL teams left, pictures proving whose fans are crazier
Steve Spagnuolo to coach Rams 
Forgotten hoops star found:  Ex-West Virginia forward Kevin Pittsnogle has a surprising profession now. » Weight has ballooned
Top 10 Basketball Wheaties Cereal Box
Tomlin for Change.(pic)
McGahee released from hospital, returns home
The next sports game I'm picking up for Xbox 360!
The Steelers were the winning team, but the Ravens' season was a smash hit.
Ryan Should Let Favre Go
Is Wrigley Field still big enough to host a football game?
2009 NBA All-Star Uniform
Hot new pics of UFC Octagon Girl Arianny Celeste
Rudy Fernandez Secures a the 4th Dunker Spot for 2009 Sprite Slam Dunk contest
Highest Baseball Hall of Fame Voting Percentages [w/PICS]
Penguins Sign 8-Year Old, Fulfill Imperiled Dream
52nd Time's a Charm for Highlanders - New Jersey team spoils its epic losing streak; 'not a Ponzi scheme'
Beaten, Bloodied T.J. Houshmandzadeh Hoping Obama Closes Gitmo Soon
Girls Basketball Game 100 to 0!
Drunk Yankee Fan and Red Sox Fan Arguing at a Party [Video]
N.C. State HOF Coach Kay Yow Dies
NC State Coach Kay Yow Dies 
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Rays 2009 player preview: Matt Garza
Fedor Emelianenko KOs Andre Arlovski
Boston Celtics Examiner: Oh KG, what a shame about your hammy *wink wink*
A-Rod Called ‘A-Fraud’ By Teammates According to Torre
Super Bowl Receiver Fitzgerald: His Dad Has Him Covered
16% of high school football players who lost consciousness during a concussion returned to the field the same day.
Lebron James playing Flag Football?
Kis“I wanted another Super Bowl trophy, and we’re not going to get it this year even though we deserved it!!!” | kissingsuzykolber.com
75 Year Old is Playing Touch Football!! | Flag Football Blog
T.O. in his own reality show...
White Sox Design Obama Cap
Beckham's 'Goldenbuns' is AC Milan's 'lucky' charm
Beckham's 'Goldenbuns' is AC Milan's 'lucky' charm
Meet the Fantasy Sports Girls
The First Woman to Call an N.F.L. Game, and the Last 
Football is bad for your health. Like, really bad: Examining the brains of dead, relatively young former NFL players, scientists discovered damage similar to what might be found in the brain of an 80-year-old with dementia.
Super Bowl XLIII MVP 
New England Patriots Examiner: Super Bowl XLIII prediction: Steelers remind the world that the Cardinals are a nine win team
Plummer: Shanahan's firing 'was past due' 
Pat Tillman’s Super Bowl 
Superbowl Sunday: a day to appreciate John Madden, the voice that Super-sized the NFL
Serena's 10th Slam moves her back to No. 1
Rice mascot headbutts ref, gets ejected from game
From 3-D glasses to live Internet streaming, what would Lombardi make of Super Bowl XLIII?
Sports Illustrated Super Bowl XLIII Predictions, Picks
New England Patriots Examiner: Super Bowl XLIII: Steelers outlast Cardinals in one of the greatest Super Bowls ever
Pittsburgh Steelers Defeat Arizona Cardinals For SuperBowl 4
Boxing Insider: Friday Night US Round-Up/Flores &amp; Ayala Post Wins
Boxing Insider: Friday Night US Round-Up/Flores &amp; Ayala Post Wins
Larry Fitzgeralds reaction to the Steelers winning TD (GIF)
Danica Patrick Super Bowl Go Daddy commercials
Omega and Speedo Stand By Phleps Pot Pic
Pat Knight Gets Ejected vs. Nebraska
Tom Coughlin Retires From Family To Spend More Time With Team (Video from The Onion, meaning this is a joke, sports fans)
FlagMags Mark Thomas chats with NY Giants Eli Manning-
Should Chess Be an Olympic Sport? 
NBA Half-Time Show Gone Wrong! [VIDEO]
Phelps declares to win 15 golds to make up for his misstep
In Case You Were Wondering...2010 Super Bowl XLIV Odds to Win 
Amber Lancaster”The Best Damn Sports Show! playing FlagFootball? | Flag Football Blog
Enjoying the Big Game Playboy Style
Top 7 Reasons Why Super Bowl XLIII is an Instant Classic
Phelps suspended for 3 months from US Swim team
NFL ACCESS: NFL hopeful Pro Bowl returns to Hawaii
 Phelps breaks silence
ITV continue to make their own bad luck with FA Cup gaffes
Shining star in basketball history 
Kansas City Chiefs Hire Cardinals' Todd Haley As Coach
A Handy Flow Chart for bitter Steelers' haters.
Further Proof That the Super Bowl Kicked Ass
LeBron lost his triple-double 
Super Bowl fans in Arizona forced to watch porn during broadcast
Report: Alex Rodriguez tested positive for steroids in 2003 while with Texas Rangers - ESPN
Blockbuster Trade: Bobcats' Adam Morrison and Shannon Brown for Lakers' Vladimir Radmanovic (Yeah, Right...)
Fake Wrestler Chris Jericho Punches Real Woman
The Weirdest Goal Scoring Celebration Ever  [video]
The ‘Nextology’ of Michael Jordan: Part II - Grant Hill
A-Rod has confessed he took steroids when he was with Texas -ESPN/Gammons
Lil Wayne on Around the Horn?!
$15M Lawsuit claims ex-Met Roberto Alomar had sex knowing he had AIDS
West Indies vs England at Kingston 2nd Test - Day 1 free on PC
Ryan Giggs Signs a New Contract to Remain with Manchester United Until 2010
Who Shamed the Game? Selig or A-Rod.
Kyle Turris Sent to AHL
Random Sports Jersey Syndrome
Top 13 scariest sports masks
Michael Lewis on why Shane Battier is so valuable
Allen Iverson’s Cuts Off Cornrows (Photos)
Make that Two Beauties from Russia on top of the World - Yelena Isinbayeva Sets World Record of 5.00 (pics) 
His greatness is not marked in box scores or at slam-dunk contests, but on the court he makes his team better, often much better, and his opponents worse, often much worse. 
Lost Kurt Vonnegut Sports Article
Dubai in dock over Israeli tennis star's ban
Marijuana Charge Not Sticking: Overzealous Cop Will Not Charge Phelps
Lance Armstrong's Time Trial Bike Stolen
The Steelers Should Draft (The Secret World of) Alex Mack
Geek's way to predict basketball scores
Fight erupts at a G.W. Carver vs Valley HS basketball game
Scott Siegal nabbed on steroid charges
A-Rod linked to banned MLB Trainer in 2007
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: Rays 2009 player preview: Andy Sonnanstine
Was David Dellucci Bitten By An Alligator?
White men can't jump, huh? Larry Bird's greatest-ever dunks. All two of 'em.
Raiders Cut 3 Players, 2008 Offseason Was Total Failure - NFL Access
Angel's Santana Admits Working With Banned Trainer
Liberal ass wealth envy reporter gets his ass ripped by UCONN's mens basketball coach Jim Calhoun for asking a stupid ass question 
All four NHL teams which started in Europe have fired their coaches -- Renney fired
Boston Celtics Examiner: Moore very likely to join Celtics
Non-Stop Mixed Martial Arts Fight Action
James Harrison, Pittsburgh Steelers talks hit snag over money
People Who Should Follow Oil Can Boyd Out of Retirement: #1 Abe Lincoln
F1: US-based F1 team announced for 2010
Best. $12. Ever. 
So much for Tiger Woods' great comeback - he's out of the Accenture Match Play Championship
Rickey Henderson Answers Truths and Rumors About What Rickey Henderson Said About Rickey Henderson and What Rickey Did
10 Ways for Michael Vick to kill time on House Arrest
Video: Playing in front of President Obama gave Washington Wizards star Caron Butler butterflies! 
Final year of Drew Gooden's deal bought out by Sacramento Kings
Tampa Bay Rays Examiner: The fifth starter battle heats up for the Rays
Paraplegic US vs Canada Hockey fight video
Yes, he's back, back again! Sean Avery returns to NHL after his 'sloppy seconds' comment nearly killed his career
Coast guard to suspend search for 3 missing boaters off the coast of Florida (2 NFL players)
Team USA ready this time for the WBC
Celtics vs Magic Tickets
NHL Deadline Deals (Summary)
Charity Events Make Ashley Cole Drunk And Angry
NASCAR Owner Gets Nailed For DUI At Atlanta Motor Speedway
Video: Take a look at Michael Vick's impressive mansion that is being auctioned off! 
Hiddink Speaks Out Over Ashley Cole's Drunken Behaviour
Watch Juventus vs Chelsea Live Uefa Champions League on pc | 10 march
Erin Go Bragh: Celebrating Ireland's Greatest Athletes
The Everton player was window-shopping with a friend in Knutsford, Cheshire, when officers confronted the pair, eventually handcuffing his friend. 
Buffalo Bills Acquire Final Piece Of Shit Of The Puzzle
Is Serena Williams on Steroids?
WBC, A Beautiful Cuban Assist, Video
Quite Possibly the Worst Soccer Flop Ever, Along With The Top 10 Other Funny Dives
Randy Moss caught you a delicious bass
Mitchell Report: The Quiz!
Around the nation: College basketball headlines
New England Patriots Examiner: Former Patriots WR Donte Stallworth kills man with his car
Jay Cutler asks Broncos for trade 
New coating can make scratches on cars disappear
Why does this Ron Artest song sound like it was recorded in his Excursion?
Applying concepts from Gladwell's book Outliers to the NBA proves enlightening
Interview with Jeff Curran on WEC 40
UT Chatanooga Mocs invade Late Night with Jimmy Fallon, video
NCAA Hoops Projections using power ratings and Markov analysis
Wrestlers feared for Andrew 'Test' Martin's health before he died 
Tennis Player Sarah Gronert Not a Man, Not Exactly a Woman (Photos)
Is anyone else rooting against the Utah teams, simply because they don't like mormons?
Frank Thomas was the only active baseball player to be interviewed during the preparation of the Mitchell Report. He did so voluntarily.
Brian Cuban: How Rules Of The Singles Life Apply To NBA Rules
Comcast says they could stop broadcasting the NFL Network on May 1st.
Report: A-Rod dated madam that Spitzer used
aaand Japan wins WBC again.  Close game.
Scientists discover secret of the perfect penalty kick 
A day before football player  was to receive $4.75 million signing bonus -- he runs someone over with his car --  
New England Patriots Examiner: NFL changes the draft order rules, too little too late for the Patriots
Villarreal To Help Unemployed Fans By Giving Out Free Season Tickets
Highlight Video of Marcus Jordan, Son of God
World's Most Expensive Baseball Cards ($250,000-$500,000)
 NFL Implements Rule Changes
Lebron's Incredible Shot on 60 Minutes [VID]
Arthur Abraham vs Kelly Pavlik Coming This Fall, Hopefully | Paneech
Kentucky Fires Basketball Coach Billy Gillispie
he worked as an intern at Vogue last summer, counts the designer Vera Wang and the actor Tim Robbins as friends — and has twice led the National Hockey League in penalty minutes. 
Best MLB Ballparks To Visit in 2009
Alyssa Milano Says Sports Are The Answer | The World According to MoonDog
Philadelphia Eagles fan can get free tickets to Eagles' draft.  They'll probably yell at the team because ticket prices are too high .
The Perfect Welcome Cake For John Calipari At Kentucky
Sidney Crosby Serves Gatorade After Losing A Shootout To Head Coach Dan Blysma
Cheering Fans, Thrilling NCAA Tournament Disgust BCS Officials
Dana White calls reporter F***ing Moron 
Tales From An American Football Player In Austria
New Athletes Against Drug Prohibition Facebook Group
British woman sets new world record by diving 96 meters beneath the ocean in ONE breath!
Texas Holdem: How ood is your hand?
Romanian Soccer Referee Craps Himself During Match: Video
Courtney Paris owes Oklahoma $64,000 after losing her own bet
UNC beat MSU by 35 at Ford Field in December.  So the Championship game was an improvement.
Piper thrilled to be back at another WrestleMania; Rourke disappoints
One-of-a-kind Hansbrough quiets the haters 
Anyone else SICK of the BottomLine banner on ESPN and ESPN2? Dear ESPN, there is this thing called THE INTERNET that gamblers can use to get live, up to the minute scores on ANY game. Please drop this superflous blinking nonsense off your screens and let me watch my Champions League in peace.
On This Day:  Jackie Robinson Joined the Brooklyn Dodgers
The Onion: Roster-Depleted Bears Sign Tire Swing For Cutler To Throw To
ESPN is a big fan of “Dramatic Chipmunk”, Video
Jim Rome vs Jim Everett
Four-time all-state high school football player and an U.S. Army All-American, Duke Point Guard Greg Paulus tries out for Green Bay Packers
The NFL Cheerleader Draft picks 1-10
High School Kid Pitches 3 Straight No-Hitters
The Rangers? Really? You bet.
Steve Nash Freestyle Soccer
Mr. Met having trouble sleeping in new home
UEFA Cup Semifinals | Update
The Most Disastrous Trades in Sports History
Do any NHL players use edible hockey sticks? - Yahoo! Answers
Football can be a hard game
Playoffs Ain't Easy: Bulls Take Game 1
New England Patriots Examiner: Buffalo Bills take huge step backwards by trading Pro Bowl LT Jason Peters
Soccer team refunds money to fans after getting blown out
Lakers Fans &amp; Their Damn Tacos...
Am I Glad I Found This Site: HockeyFights.com
Where Garnett’s Diamonds Can Feed Africa For A Year
NBA Star Chris Bosh Spoofs MTV’s The Hills, Video
Spanish Guard Ricky Rubio to Enter NBA Draft
Hatton vs. Pacquiao Preview &amp; Prediction
Dwyane Wade’s Cell Number 1-786-200-0636 leaked via Viral Video
Former Chicago Bear William The Fridge Perry seriously ill
Detroit Lions Acting Like an NFL Franchise | The World According to MoonDog
Red Wings Advance...
Jeremy Tyler, a 6-11 San Diego high school junior, is becoming the first U.S.-born basketball player to quit high school to play professionally overseas.
NBA Games Give ABC a Bounce
concert and sports ticketing events inside info 
NY Yankees President Randy I'm an ass Levine rips MLS's Commish over ticket remark.
Manchester United Battle Back to Win 5-2 Against Tottenham - Crucial Victory for United in Terms of the Title Race
Video: Cleveland Browns Beat Writers Talk About Browns’ Draft Picks
English footballers are retarded.
Ex-NBA Star Jayson Williams Tasered at Manhattan Hotel
Kenny Chesney Tickets Columbia
6 Olympic athletes positive for doping in retests
Step Aside Kige, Big Sean Is In the House
Grading the Boxing Television Announcers
Hurricanes stun Devils with two late goals to win game 7
Favre-to-Vikings rumors heat up ... - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Details on Alex Rodriguez's alleged pitch-tipping with Rangers 
 Pacquiao vs Hatton live stream
Game-changing call to college football: Playoff - BCS rep told reporters: “Any time Congress speaks, you take it seriously.”
Hockey Hall of Famer Lafleur could be sent to jail - NHL 
Morning-line favorite 'I want revenge' is a scratch from the Kentucky Derby
Boston Sucks! Why the Baby Bulls will win game 7
New England Patriots Examiner: Rookie LB Tyrone McKenzie suffers apparent knee injury in rookie mini-camp
12 injured, 1 critically, in Dallas Cowboys practice arena collapse
Malcolm Gladwell on the full court press
Don't Buy the New A-Rod Book
Real Name For New Mets Stadium, Pic
Did 'The_Real_Shaq Challenge Chuck Liddell on Twitter?
Manny Ramirez Suspended For 50 Games For Drug Violation
Kim Kardashian Throws Out First Pitch For Dodgers
Two Girls Engage in Some Ice Jousting...Both Lose to the Boards
That's OK, Dad, he says, rubbing my shoulder. Everyone cheated back then.
That flagrant 2 called on Artest for his hit on Pau Gasol needs to be scaled back or removed.  Even Kobe agrees.
Hamilton, Ontario might be the new home of - wait, the Atlanta Thrashers??
Is anyone following IPL Cricket in USA? This season has been a major craze in India
The NFL's Top 5 Quarterbacks | The World According to MoonDog
Riding a Bike 10,000 Miles
Exclusive Shaq MMA Training, Video
Packers and Bengals Poised to Rebound in 2009 | The World According to MoonDog
Lingerie Football Heating Up with Miami Caliente Team Tryouts
Side by side, F1 simulation software vs. Schumacher at Imola
Detroit Tiger Curtis Granderson makes an amazing catch that even fools the Indians announcer. [VIDEO]
Boyanka Angelova gymnastics with a red ball
Best and Worst Owners in the NHL
Jason Taylor returning to Dolphins, signs 1-year deal
Bulls Joakim Noah, Naked Chick Have Fun In The Sun | The World According to MoonDog
Busted Coverage: Booze, Ladies And Football » Cuff ‘Em: Andy Reid’s Son Back In Jail After Failing Drug Test
Phelps back in competitive water 
When it comes to hanging with half naked girls, Joakim Noah is just following his dad's lead
United win the league with a scoreless draw against arsenal
Foxsports.com poll FAIL
NBAer Leandro Barbosa Will Play in Hoops American Cup
Make it Seven! Balsillie's campaign to bring the Coyote to Southern Ontario is bolstered by Labatt, Home Hardware 
so why are you skipping the white house?
Pat Riley: Egos Have Ruined Sports
Future Vikings Quarterback Schedules Surgery
Chicago Cubs bid: Tom Ricketts offers perks for celebrities willing to invest up to $25 million
Federal court backs Redskins and Racism 
NCAA Licenses 34 Bowl Games For 2009-10 | The World According to MoonDog
Agent says Vick to focus on family (in other words, he isn't getting offers yet to play football)
LA Clippers win NBA draft lottery.
NBA Star Dirk Nowitzki’s Jailed Girlfriend Discovers Pregnancy in Jail
Kansas City Royals Fans Get Into Brawl At Kids Play Area
Yankees announcer John Sterling makes a classicly terrible call. You just can't make this stuff up.
Chicago White Sox strike out in attempt to land Peavy
1956 U.S. Basketball Olympian Missing. Damn, Fucking Alzheimers! 
NHL Players Choose Ovie
NBA's NEXT ERA WILL BE THE BEST EVER
LeBron Makes an Amazing Finish to Game 2
Hoops recruit decommits from Wisconsin after reading Badger message boards
John Daly wears pink slacks in honor of Amy Mickelson - ESPN
So sick of Torii Hunter-like homerun saves making sportscenter...
Have any of you ever fished an Amateur Fishng Tournament? I just found out about one and am going to sign up. 
Just in:  Fergie says Rio will start tomorrow night.
Yankee Stadium Deconstruction Update - 5/26/2009
Greinke goes to 8-1 as Royals beat Tigers 6-1 
Come on Murray!
Vote Manny into the All Star game. Just Because.
A New Star Buried In DC?
Red Wings win in OT, 2-1.  Will meet Penguins for Stanley Cup.
Perhaps if the British made better food, the boys from Man. U. would have beat Barcelona in the European Championship League
Red Wings to Face the Poopburgh Penguins in the Stanley Cup Finals...Again
Calipari, UK, NCAA Have Some 'Splainin' To Do | The World According to MoonDog
I have some devastating news...
And I thought I'd seen it all........Parkour meets Ninjitsu, meets advanced gymnastics
Top 10 least-loved 2009 MLB promotional giveaways 
ESPN’s Erin Andrews Wants Badly to Compete on ‘Dancing With the Stars’
Where Caucasian Happens
Tarnished Rose: Allegations could prove costly - NBA 
Howard pours in 40 as Magic make 1st Finals appearance since '95
2009 NBA Finals: Los Angeles Lakers vs. Orlando Magic
Crazy Stats &amp; More From The BC-Texas NCAA Record 25-Inning Baseball Game
French Open-Four-times champion Nadal shown the exit - Tennis - Yahoo! Sports
New England Patriots Examiner: Thanks to coaches like Bill Belichick, it's time to do away with the NFL's injury reporting system
Nike's Puppet Show Is Over
The Cavaliers improved 21 wins over last year.  That team had LeBron too.
Boxer's Dad Attacks Referee During Match: Video
The Interweb: Sports All Time Handshake Avoidances
Message to Penguins Fans: Stop Whining
Nice perspective on why LeBron left the court - and no, it was not a spur of the moment mistake.
Schoolboy cricketer gets chance to bowl at England star; England star rattles the ball in his face and knocks him out
Kobe Bryant: Top 10 Plays from 2009 - AMAZING SKILLZ! [vid]
Roland Garros: Why can't players challenge with shot-spot?
2009 NBA Finals Predictions - Los Angeles Lakers vs. Orlando Magic | The World According to MoonDog
Kobe Bryant and Dwight Howard: Top 10 Plays from 2009
Ken Block II -- TWO THE INFOMERCIAL
Should the NBA have an age limit? Should the Government have any say?
[baseball] Rangers drop Padilla to Waivers after hitting four batsmen the night before
Lard Stanley is tied up 2-2.
Amber Alert: Where is Marian Hossa? 
Lord's Welcomes New World Order
Game 1 waltz: Lakers drub Magic in NBA Finals opener
Random Retro Baseball Player: Hensley Bam Bam Meulens
Congressman Cohen Should Stick To Politics | The World According to MoonDog
Mickael Pietrus Honors Air France Flight 447 on His Shoes During Game 1 of the NBA Finals
Federer keeps French Open dream alive
Hilarious Cleveland Cavaliers Photoshop
England suffer shock defeat to Netherlands
Pac10 coaches vote 6-4 against round-robin scheduling
Federer wins French Open for 14th Grand Slam title, ties Pete Sampras for most men's Grand Slams ever!
Most conceited victory ever: Now the question is: Am I the greatest of all time? Federer said.
Take a Moment for Caron Butler Day
Luck Or Skill? 
Where the Sand Is Hot, and the Rubber Is Burning
Cursing Nick Anderson and The Great NBA Finals Block That Almost Was
Handegg
Dear Sports Reddit, ESPN just put up a poll that shows the NHL as 15th most popular in the U.S. behind, and I'm not kidding, Arena Football, Extreme Sports, and most marketable college sports.  Please tell me, how much of this is bullshit?
Kobe Bryant's Top Plays of 2009
Watch UFC 99 Online
Jimmy Rollins Totally Deserves to Be the Starting Shortstop in the All-Star Game
New York Jets head coach Rex Ryan: The gift that keeps on talking
Man Utd accept £80m Ronaldo bid 
Great Moments in Cleveland Sports History [Vid]
Hitler Hates NCAA Football 10 
NHL tries to woo fans by increasing scoring with bigger nets
The Stanley Cup (Advertising) Finals
The Top Ten Most Expensive Football Transfers, Ever
Matt Weiters Facts
The Onion: Orlando Assistant Coach Patrick Ewing Counsels Dwight Howard On How To Lose NBA Title
“Since I was 16 and started coming up to the gym, people kept telling me I looked like a Mayweather... After a while, I couldn’t stand it any longer – I called him [Floyd Sr] up and asked him if he’d take a DNA test.”
Rumor: Shaq to Cavs talks back on again
To all the Kobe haters who said he could never do it without Shaq, I want you to relish this moment
Why do people from all cultures love to fish?
Peruvian Soccer Team Accidentally Leaves Player In Columbia
Is there anyone who doesn't hate the 'bees' at the Confed Cup... Damn South Africans
The most ridiculous tennis scream you'll ever hear
Crosby and the handshakes: This isn't hockey's answer to LeBron
Should the Red Wings Re-sign Marian Hossa?
Kobe Puppet Celebrates New Title
Coach K to the Lakers?
A Few Thoughts on Wrigley
Basketball in the Nation's Capital: The Power Game
Former world downhill champion Melissa “Missy” Giove and two alleged co-conspirators were arrested in New York Tuesday, charged with plans to distribute some 400 pounds of marijuana.
Meet Adam Bender, an 8-year-old Little League star with only one leg
Apparently Soccer Player Just Did Something Really Good
The players from the NBA draft class of 2006 can sign contract extensions this summer -- what is each guy worth?
Scrubs Getting Championship Rings
A different way to swing a baseball bat.
Vikings have already signed Favre, sources say - Team reportedly has QB under contract and is waiting to release news
Fake Umpires the talk of Washington
Pittsburgh Pirates Prospect: Quinton Miller
New England Patriots Player Profile: Wes Welker
The 6 Most Annoying Things In Sports
Lowell Spinners hosting Politically Incorrect Night
Snap Reaction to the Mike Miller/Randy Foye Trade
Resolution Found to Formula 1 Row. Mosley Not to Seek Re-election as FIA President.
Formula One breakaway averted as teams agree deal with Max Mosley
Johnsonville Brat Patties (yeah-they're pretty good)
You just won the U.S. Open, now act like it!
Shaq to Cavs? Greater than a 90% chance
What You’re Doing On NBA Draft Thursday and Beyond
Shaq is down with the KING and I don't mean Run DMC.  Shaq to Cleveland trade finalized.
[Baseball] Holders of Season Tickets Are Having Second Thoughts 
Santonio Holmes Wants You To Dance Like Michael Jackson
In the park bunt by Erick Aybar (helped by errors)
The New England Patriots are clearly the team of the decade, but who's number 2?
What’s up with that Amare Stoudemire-to-Golden State trade?
The Ultimate Warrior weighs in on Michael Jackson.
Jays fans should be embarrassed
Rich Premier League Worries FIFA
List of 103 Baseball Players Who Failed 2003 MLB Steroid Tests?
Dead Celebrities and Their NFL Counterparts
Albert Pujols Should Vote His Teammates Off The Island
Calgary Flames sign Bouwmeester
Montreal Canadiens acquire Scott Gomez from New York Rangers
Bruno GQ shoot with high school football players perturbs L.A. schools' head honcho
El Flaco Explosivo is Gone, One of the Classiest Men in the history of The Sweet Science.
Evgeni Malkin hits the beach with hot girlfriend (w/pics)
Detroit Pistons sign Charlie Villanueva and Ben Gordon; are rumored to be seeking to trade a future 2nd round draft pic for Jake Voskuhl
Memo to New England Patriots haters: It's time to drop the whole Spygate thing
Pistons Agree to Terms With Gordon and Villanueva.  Gordon for Hossa and Kopecky?  Every Day of the Week, Chicago
Hockey Terrorist: Marian Hossama Bin Laden
Ken Griffey Jr: A Bronx Tale
LA Times: Ron Artest to the Los Angeles Lakers!
Ron Artest close to signing with the Lakers
Kobe Bryant is no fan of Los Angeles mayor Antonio Villaraigosa: I don't like the a******
FOURth of July: Famous Sports Fours
Chelsea reject £30m for Terry from City
Owen completes switch to Man Utd 
It's so wrong to celebrate Manny's return
Taco Bell Takes Over from McDonald's as NBA sponsor
Notes on the NBA offseason
New England Patriots not interested in bringing back Willie McGinest
Owen arrives at United for medical ahead of shock move
Serena denies Venus a sixth Wimbledon title.  Serena last won Wimbledon in 2003. This is her third Wimbledon title.
 Serena powers to Wimbledon title
American Joey Chestnut wins 2009 Hot Dog Eating Contest and sets a new record.
WTVF: Steve McNair dead
Hilarious Freestyle Football Parody
NFL saddened by the loss of former Tennessee Titans quarterback Steve McNair
A look inside an F1 team headquarters and the design process of creating an F1 car.
Umpire dies in cricket accident
Federer wins at Wimbledon.  15th Grand Slam over Roddick.
Dalglish takes academy role at Liverpool
A sad end for Steve McNair
2009 MLB All Star Snubs
Mixed Martial Arts: The Fastest Growing Sport in the World | Sportales
Steve McNair Update - Owner of the Gun Identified
This is Why You Should Never Marry a Finn: women who marry Finnish men are asking for a fair bit of humiliation [videos] 
Jason Kidd to re-sign with Dallas Mavericks for three years, $25 million - ESP
What do you think? Does this page seem relevant to you?
http://www.trailmeister.com/HelpfulTips/Kneepain.htm
Amazing Goal
Union Espanola vs Universidad Chile live online final match July 7
The Top Ten Famous Athletes Who Went To Jail
New England Patriots Player Profile: Randy Moss
Fiorentina offer Arsenal Melo in exchange for Eboué
Bikini car wash saves FIU cheerleading program
NFL - Lack of motive slows ruling in Steve McNair’s death 
Daniel Murphy's behind-the-back flip.  Nice one.
The only M.J. I will be mourning upon death is Michael Jordan. The media needs to stop calling Michael Jackson M.J. immediately. 
Sources: Deal to send Carlos Boozer to the Chicago Bulls in works 
Prone to ankle injuries? It may be your sense of balance...
70% of ESPNers pick the Lakers to win the NBA next year.
City wait for Terry to talk before deciding on launching fresh bid
As American as…Cricket
Gerrard signs four-year Liverpool deal
Ex-NBAer Jayson Williams once shot &amp; killed a dog after losing a bet, threatened to do the same to Dwyane Schintzius
Nike Censors Video of LeBron James Getting Dunked On by College Kid
  Top 10  Dunks of the 2009 Season
Mark Webber secures his maiden F1 pole after a seven year wait.
Breaking News: UFC President Dana White Last Minute Update Before UFC 100
Delaware WR arrested for changing stories about stab wound
Your Worst Face-to-Face Experience With a Sports Celebrity?
Why are Lebron James and NIKE confiscating the dunk video?  
Armstrong stays in 3rd, 8 seconds back as Tour leaves Pyrenees
When Dana White is accusing someone else of going too far, you know it has to be bad
World rallies past U.S. in rain-shortened Futures Game - ESPN
John Tomase no longer covering the New England Patriots for the Boston Herald
2009 Big Orange Roundtable (Vol)ume 1
Fergie hands Owen the #7 shirt (Surely you United fans can't be pleased)
Comparison Chart of Balls Used in Various Sports
New England Patriots 101: Who have been the Patriots head coaches?
Futsal is Joga Bonito
Proper Execution of a Roundhouse Kick
Knowing The Wizards ‘09 Summer League Team: Part 2
Selig still reviewing Rose reinstatement papers 
Matt Cassel Is Rich…
Tour de France enters the second week - Photo gallery
Paul Heyman: Brock  Lesnar The Ultimate Heel For UFC
So long WBCN, move over WEEI, the New England Patriots are moving to 98.5 FM The Sports Hub
Why the AL wins the Alll-Star game every year
Lenny Dykstra's trainwreck CNBC interview - The result is probably the most awkward 18 minutes and 32 seconds of television you'll ever see in your life. 
5 Best Available Unrestricted Free Agents
The perils of being a pro sports mascot: You can wash it, but you really want to deodorize it...I'll use bleach. The head is its own thing.
Teen sails alone around world
Manchester United cancel Jakarta trip after bombings
Truth About It &amp;raquo; Practicing What You Preach (and links)
Woods misses cut as Watson shines
LandShark Stadium? Seriously?
Great article about the NFL case to be reviewed by the Supreme Court: Antitrust case could be Armageddon
Brazilian newspaper says Gatti may have 
committed suicide -- chicagotribune.com
Lance fumes as old chum misses yellow - Armstrong alleges rival team kept ex-teammate Hincapie from winning
Manny Ramirez has hit 536 homeruns tying Micky Mantle for 15th place, who does he have to pass with 549 to take 14th place on all time home run list? 
Does Arsenal needs a replacement for Adebayor?
Okay, Perhaps Kellen Winslow Is A Soldier - Deadspin
Ben Roethlisberger and Andrea McNulty Rape Case
Why skaters aren't friends
Assault on Erin Andrews' privacy scary for all female journalists 

Oh snap, NFL Fantasy Files are back! First up, Mr. Joe Flacco
Gone are the days of rotisserie style fantasy football scoring websites?! 
Seahawks' Schmitt arrested for DUI
Nasri breaks leg during Arsenal training
Did Vick make it rain on his first day as a free man? Vick denies going to strip club with Iverson.
Lance Armstrong forms new cycling team with Radio Shack
Mark Buehrle throws perfect game for White Sox ! 
Billy Wingrove in PES 2009 Tricks Challenge
LeBron Admits To Pot Use In High School
Roger Federer and Mirka Vavrinec are now parents of twin girls: Charlene Riva and Myla Rose
SEC, ESPN Establish Syndicated TV Network
25th Gator player to be arrested! Whats going on MEYER???
Wade Simmons: Self Build Bike Forest Track
I can't Control Brock Lesnar
… if Grange was playing today, how many yards do you think he'd gain.
I'm not a rugby fan, but I have to say that The Haka is unrivalled in any sport
Ohio State still the team to beat in the Big Ten
The CDP's Top 25 UFC Moments
Philadelphia Eagles defensive coordinator Jim Johnson dead at 68
Longtime Eagles coordinator Jim Johnson dead at 68 - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Michael Schumacher returns to Formula One at Ferrari in replace of the injured Felipe Massa
Photos of each of Mark Buehrle's 45 Retired Batters in a Row.
5 Sports Leagues Worth Laughing At
Ramirez, Ortiz Doping Report: Sluggers Tested Positive In 2003
Don't Overlook These Five Colts' Storylines This Preseason
Canseco says MLB facing bigger issue
Don't stop being hostile to umpires. Make your hostility better informed. 
Lingerie football practice gives new meaning to touch football.
White Sox get Peavy, and he approves
Organizers plan Vick ‘celebration’ in hometown - Event is meant to give city chance to ‘enjoy and embrace’ former convict
With a defiant performance, Michael Phelps became the first swimmer to break 50 seconds in the 100-meter butterfly, beating Milorad Cavic of Serbia.
Žilina Slovakia police brutality - WARNING: BLOOD
Blog: Reality Check (Streaming Athletes)
Reflections on a swimmer's ass
The NBA's All-Glue Team
Denver signs Robert Ayers
Shaquille O'Neal Slams Lil Man David Beckham
I don't understand what this has to do with baseball and steroids. [xkcd]
NBA rookie &amp; porn star make bet on who can get more Twitter followers. Winner gets a massage or a free trip to the water park.
Giants linebacker Antonio Pierce 'not sorry' for his actions on night of Plaxico Burress shooting
Eli Manning, New York Giants agree to six-year, $97.5 million contract extension
Beat the clock: Sports Trivia
Jim Balsillie's attempt to buy the Phoenix Coyotes and relocate them to Hamilton may not be dead yet. An Arizona judge has decided to allow any and all bidders to be involved in a court ordered auction for the bankrupt NHL team on Sept. 10.
Pato and Huntelaar: The New Sheva and Pippo?
reddit Fantasy English Premier League - football (soccer)... see comments for details
Ballpark Victim’s Head “Punted Like a Football”
Stafford not making Lions' decision easy - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Andrei Arlovski may have recently tried to kill himself
Roethlisberger's accuser reports dozens of harassing calls
Kyle Orton meets the Boo-birds known as Broncos fans
Rivals.com 120 Countdown: No. 7 Ohio State
Maradona's Brutal Warm Up [Video]
Rafael Nadal uncertain he'll be 100 percent for U.S. Open - ESPN
Any Husker Fans Here?
Despite having a college football program so cash-strapped it has to take a six-hour bus ride – instead of a charter flight – to face UCLA, the Cal athletic department has launched a promotional campaign to publicize Heisman hopeful Jahvid Best.
Hansbrough Injury Timetable Unclear | Pacers Place
Attorney says Blackhawks beating case overblown
Tiger will be fined for publicly complaining about Harrington being rushed by official.  
Troy Tulowitzki hits for a cycle with 7 RBIs
Reggie Miller Still Has Game | Pacers Place
Play golf? Urinate? Now, with the Revolutionary Uro Club you can do both at the same time.
Longest Racing Crash Ever: During Motocross Race, Chris Martin Flies Over 100 Yards After Getting Bumped From Behind [video]
Michael Vick Buffalo Bills
Michael Vick signs deal with Eagles - NFL 
Phelps unhurt after Maryland car crash - CNN.com
Michael Vick will play Football Again…for the Eagles
English Premier League Starts Tomorrow!
Michael Vick to be an Eagle
How secure is Pitino's job in wake of scandal?  The Cardinals are probably more likely to fire football coach Steve Kragthorpe after this season than Pitino, which is a sad comment on college sports.
My super awesome preview of tonight's Carano-Cyborg fight 
International Foot Shuttlecock Game 2001. This is a sport?
Notre Dame mediocre on and off the field.  No great athletes, no billionaires, no captains of industry. Just bluster and a bogus tradition with no foundation.
Tony Dungy Casually Asks Michael Vick If Dogfighting Was Fun
David Wright gets ROCKED in the head by 93 mph fastball.  Possibly out for rest of the year.
West Virginia's Oakhurst Links course, America's oldest, up for sale - ESPN
NFL players union chief convinced of lockout in 2011
Usain Bolt 9.58 second world record run slowed 
down to 420 frames per second
Mexico likes soccer a lot more than U.S.
Minnesota Vikings Aren't Discouraging Brett Favre Rumors, Here's Why
2009 NFL Monday Night Football Schedule
Apparently, karma insists that, to even things out, as long as the Colts have Peyton Manning, they shall also have a shitty defense.
Texas Rangers agree to trade with Houston Astros to acquire catcher Ivan Rodriguez - ESPN
Not watching Tiger? You're the only one
Gender test requested for 18-year-old runner from S. Africa
Since when does it take weeks to determine gender?
Burress pleads guilty to weapons charge, agrees to two-year term

Usain Bolt breaks his own world record in 200 meters, wins gold
Memphis must forfeit 2007-08 Final Four trophy, revenues because Derrick Rose forged his SAT
UT Women's soccer coach Chris Petrucelli's method of letting teammates go: calls them into the office, says they are off the team, berates them for not playing hard enough even with major injuries, then goes and wanks it (ok the last one I added).
people who are very quick to jump on Michael Vick maybe could spend some time thinking about how they participate in the cruelty to animals just by walking into the supermarket, spend some time thinking about what happened to that animal before it was turned into meat
 Big Ten hopes to overcome big game woes
Did I say that? The words of Muhammad Ali, retired boxer (legend) 
How It's Made: MLB Baseballs : Video.  It takes a week.
Michael Beasley's got an aweso... er... tattoo and a bonus suspicious baggie in background
 McD’s College Football Preview Part One: 9 Predictions For 2009
By the way, ever wonder who saw Rudy play that day and got so inspired he just had to make it into a movie? Nobody
Who Let the Dogs Out?
After prison, Burress hopes to return to NFL - Former Giants receiver anxious about being separated from family
If you could see poetry in motion this is how it would look [pics]
Seahawks sign RB Edgerrin James
Six Mets All-Stars are on the DL.   All six played in the World Baseball Classic.
Top 10 NBA Stars Who Accepted A Back-up Role
Sanchez will start for the Jets
Kobe Bryant's secret girlfriend
I'm willing to pay for ESPN 360 access, but ESPN won't take my money.  Any ISPs out there that can offer me this...?
Looks like Nadal and Federer were on facebook around the same time today.
An effective and supremely cheap treatment for sufferers of chronic tennis elbow 
Muhammad Ali: Irish?!
Toy plane takes off at Dodger Stadium 
High school football team snaps 7 year losing streak! Nations longest streak at 67 games. Great story!
Reverse: Pacman Jones not going to Winnipeg Blue Bombers of CFL - ESPN
Tampa Bay Buccaneers fire offensive coordinator
Moneyball - an original interpretation of Zailian's rejected script [re-submit from videos]
Postgame punches mar No. 14 Boise State's commanding win over No. 16 Oregon - You are an idiot Blount.
Chelsea angered by signings ban
Source: Danica Patrick to race in NASCAR's Nationwide Series in 2010 - ESPN
I want Michigan football back! Go Blue!
Additional Rules for my Fantasy Football League
High school football player disarms would-be bus shooter
The 15 worst divisions in sports of the past 20 years
Why do people love college football over the NFL?
Guy Dupuy's Nasty Sick &amp; Impossible Dunk (Video)
Video: Syracuse QB Greg Paulus talks about Penn State
Three Razorback basketball players investigated for rape; no charges filed 
YouTube - Hitler reacts to Favre's move to the Vikings
Wozniacki ends Oudin run to reach U.S. Open semifinals 
Dress the Oregon Ducks for the home opener against Purdue. This is just silly.
NCAA Football: Where Every Game Counts

Great tag line but games like tonight really test how die-hard fans are.
Pole vaulter dies when head hit floor at practice
But I can still UNLEASH him!!!! (pic)
Del Potro upsets Federer to win US Open title - Tennis - Yahoo! Sports
Anyone else think that review was about as bad as they've ever seen? GO RAIDERS!
Why Peyton Manning is the Most Valuable Player in the NFL
New season of NHL hockey is starting up. VOTE HERE who you think is most likely to repeat their success and win the Stanley Cup out of DETROIT RED WINGS and PITTSBURGH PENGUINS?
Ric Flair signs three-year deal to wrestle Hulk Hogan
Miami holds GTs rush offense to under a 100 yards in 39 attempts.
56 Days Later
Tale of the Tape: Lane Kiffin vs. Sarah Palin
 “I don’t remember doing this, but everybody said I stood up and hugged her, totally naked, right there in the middle of the room.”  The effects of head trauma in the NFL.
Five Overused, Meaningless Phrases That You Will Undoubtedly Hear Frequently During Football Season
NBA to move ahead with replacement game fixers
The 10 Toughest Guys in the NBA 
Man Utd 4-3 Man City: Owen (!) scores in the last minute to grab three points from City
Pete Carroll takes the blame for USC's loss, as well he should  
Former NFLer Herschel Walker signed with Strikeforce 
Pro wrestling in the Senate?
Commercials NFL fans saw enough of on Sunday
NFL Week 2 - Tuesday Morning Quarterback
Redskins fans respond via Twitter to Robert Henson's 'Dim Wit' tweets at them
Russian Billionaire Signs Deal to Own the Nets
Bet your friends on College Football games via Facebook for control of their Status Update
Big Ten Setting Annoying Precedent
Why pick on divers, we ALL cheat in football
Terrell Owens is blowing a golden opportunity on his reality TV show. He can show us who the real TO is, but he doesn't even know
DAMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMN!!!
Lebron James - Late night with Jimmy Kimmel (starbuck's, Bowling alley, ATM.....All in his house)
YouTube - Tim Tebow Get's Hit! He Get's Jacked Up! Injured HD
Dear NFL Broadcasters - stop following the ball during punts in Dallas. I want to see the players.
Manny breaks his bat. [PIC]
HS football article equates loss to 9/11
It hit him with a lot of force, and it hurt him.
Pictures 2009 Ravens Cheerleaders
Starting 9 -- Players who've prospered in losing situations - ESPN
Ray Allen hides his shoe collection all around Boston for fans to find. 
GAME BRAIN.

The NFL is a multibillion dollar league.  Scientists are coming out studying concussions saying it's making in its players crazy and suicidal.
Mall of America Field at Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome.  The longest stadium name in all of sports? Maybe. The stupidest?  Likely.
A great story about journeyman catcher Sal Fasano's quest to appear in one more Major League game
Report: Oregon may reinstate RB LaGarrette Blount - 
With the Olympics in Brazil, what are the odds that brazilian jiujitsu or submission grappling will be part of the games?
The Smartest Man in Baseball Is an Idiot
The Man United Blog: United avoid defeat at home, superb goals by Berba and Evra, United settle with a draw! Match Highlights, Match pics and much more... So why do you think united had to settle for a draw? Answer- Rooney missed so many glorious hard chances.. 
Notre Dame's Golden Tate performs a Tatercopter! [GIF]
England's World Cup Qualifier vs Ukraine to be Internet only. A sign of things to come?
NFL coach could be arrested
9 surprising facts about sexy reporter Erin Andrews
Oregon Ducktracker - Tracks the W/L for the Ducks matched with which uniform they wore.
I think Jared Allen might be my new favorite player. Not only did he get 4.5 sacks tonight against the Packers, but he hunts large animals with spears when he isn't busy punishing quarterbacks.
12 of the best pro cheerleader bikini videos of all-time
What if teams followed Louisville’s lead with the “The Ville” Jerseys?
Ray Lewis, Ed Reed of Baltimore Ravens won't be fined for remarks 
Twins win in 12.  On the playoffs.
 Another gem has Clausen in Heisman race
Derek Jeter: Legend
Philip Rivers Is Batman!? 
Are the Cardinals *really* bitching about the Dodger's fans waving white towels?
Jordan may be the greatest basketball player of all time, but as a role model, he's an airball.
No NFL team in the past 20 years has donated more money to the Democratic Party than the Rams. ...In 20 years, the Rams have given about $4,600 to Republicans. That's not even enough for a 30-second spot on Limbaugh's national radio show.
Does Baseball Need Umpires?
Seattle Supersonics Historical Preservation Society Documentary on Relocation aka Betrayal
Limbaugh dropped from group bidding on the Rams
Bernard Hopkins Adds Homophobia to His Racism 
The Best &amp; Worst of the NFL Retro Uniforms, according to FoxSports.com
104.8 mph - Do you know who owns the fastest pitch in MLB history?
Tim McCarver is an idiot!
United soaring high on DIWALI! Red Devils on top of the pool after defeating Bolton 2-1 while Chelsea loses 2-1 to Aston Villa! Awesome performance by Valencia, Berba and Van der Saar. 
Can we ban Cialis commercials?  Not cause we hate big pharma, but just because they are so damned annoying?
Olympic chiefs reject calls to cut their six-figure salaries
Stephen Curry sends 2,000 thank-you postcards to Davidson College fans, faculty, students &amp; alumni
Steve Phillips can't do any better than this?  
Sean Salisbury sues Deadspin
Don't hate the Yankees because they spend a lot of money. We need their douchiness.
David Beckham '100% certain' to rejoin Milan, claims club vice-president 
Just made a Monday Night Football subreddit (r/MNF). Join in!
Blake Griffin: Victim of the Sports Guy &amp; Clippers Jinx
UNC upsets VaTech Hokies
Fan Turns Skin Inside Out To Rally Team | The Onion [PIC]
Anyone else annoyed at how much ESPN's Mike &amp; Mike remind us what show we are listening to each morning?
If the Chicago Bears Were Simpsons, Part 2 
Bill James, patron saint of baseball statisticians, devised the Keltner list to evaluate the qualifications of players who have not been elected to the Hall of Fame, but nonetheless merit consideration.
Philadelphia Inquirer reports on an alternate future for the Phillies, apologizes profusely.
Yankees' reliance on short rest is costly 
Wales Rugby Team refuse to back down to the NZ All Blacks Haka. Amazing video. 
My MLB Playoff picks before post-season began (Maybe I should have gone to Vegas?) [PIC]
College Football or the NFL?
People may be tired of hearing how the Yankees spend to victory... doesn't make it less true, though.
Check out Tcu's new horny toad skin pants.  The helmet is kind a cool, what do you think?  Is this the direction Uni's will go?
In his third season in Major League Soccer, David Beckham has earned a spot in the playoffs and the respect (sometimes grudging) of teammates and fans.
Redesigning the Worst NFL Helmet Graphics 
Fastest Soccer Goal in the World Set at 2 Seconds
The Andy Reid O-Face Photoshop Contest
Only in the movies (or David vs. Goliath): A soccer team with a budget 400 times lower ousts Galactic Real Madrid from the Kings Cup.
Bulls Lose. Then Win. Then Lose.
Not even in my wildest dreams would I have imagined that  J.J. Redick would be releasing a rap album
Five Reasons NBA Hoops is Better Than College Hoops
Despite rumors in the Japanese media, the Red Sox are probably not interested in Matsui
A story that should be much bigger news: LA Clippers owner Donald Sterling just paid out the largest housing discrimination settlement, ever.
Tracy McGrady has dunk denied... by the rim
Football game on tonight! Bears vs 49ers [Live Video]
Brandon Jennings scores 55 to lead the Bucks over Golden State. In a related story, the Knicks put Mike D'Antoni and Donnie Walsh on suicide watch.
Mayweather bets on Pacquiao, wins big
Chris Johnson does it all vs. the Bills with 132 rushing yards, 100 receiving yards and 2 TDs.
Colts come back to score go ahead TD with 13 seconds left over New England.
The confounding world of athlete tattoos
Dennis Rodman arrested in Germany for skipping out on $5,000 hotel bill.
19 non-racist names for the Washington Redskins
 ‘I have so much regret,’ N.M. soccer player says 
Ireland robbed
Barring an almost inconceivable and utterly out-of-character mistake by head coach Bill Belichick, the Patriots have virtually secured a week 10 win against their closest rivals for AFC dominance.
5 Years Ago Today, The Best Sports Brawl Occurred During A Pistons-Pacers Basketball Game, The Malice In The Palace [video]
For the record, the Bulls were pretty good w/o MJ.  
In the 1993–94 season, the Jordan-less Bulls notched a 55–27 record.
No. 11 Oregon slips past Arizona 44-41 in two OTs - College Football - Rivals.com
Creating the Hottest Female Athlete Ever
TJ Ford Has The Spidey Sense - Video
Titans beat Texas 20-17 - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
It's been 25 years since the most famous pass in college football history
10 Backyard Plays For Your Turkey Bowl
Bulls Fans Not Too Thankful Right Now
Match-fixing a bigger threat to sport than doping - - SI.com
 Louisville fires coach Steve Kragthorpe - College Football - Rivals.com
ESPN: Nets To Fire Lawrence Frank After Worst Start In NBA History
Sitting around cold watching tv? Child please, Ochocinco won't be having that
Florida Highway Patrol is now focusing on obtaining a search warrant -- allowing them to seize medical records from the hospital that treated Tiger Woods -- in an attempt to determine if the wounds Woods sustained are consistent with a car accident or domestic violence. 
Derek Jeter named SI Sportsman of the Year
Birdman's new car is ridiculous
Non-American redditors: What's the best professional athletics league I've never heard of? I'm from the US, &amp; I'm rapidly getting bored of the the pro sports here.
I wrote this for my high school paper three years ago.  Here it is in it's entirety, along with some notes I had while reading it.
Greg Oden Is So Happy To Meet An Avid Fan! [pic]
Still, you underestimate a man's desire to have sex at your own peril. - One of the most accurate and best sentences I have ever read.
The NFL's concussion problem: will something be done about owner indifference to players' health?
Hofstra dropping football program
Mark Mangino Fired or Resigned According to Sources 
Coaches gone bad: Mangino out as Kansas Jayhawks coach
For any American redditors coming over to South Africa for the World Cup in 2010, I can help you find accommodation.
The 10 worst baseball contracts of the 2000s - Big League Stew - MLB Blog - Yahoo! Sports
Are Americans changing their World Cup tune?
Kobe’s 3 at buzzer sends Lakers past Heat
Lebron James and Joakim Noah exchange a few words on court...
Isiah's Scouts Made Knicks Pass on Brandon Jennings?
Florida upset in SEC Championship! Alabama going on to play in the National Championship Game in Pasadena 
Evan Turner (Ohio State) has embarrassing (but extremely painful) blunder...
Bo Pelini: sore loser?
Vikings play a team with more wins than loses and lose, convincingly.  AD has 2 teammates and 3 opponents outrush him.  Warner outplays Favre.
Don't worry, Sugar Bowl! We didn't want to know anything interesting about Meyer or Kelly.   Not allowed to ask questions about dehydration or Notre Dame.
Reddit leads Scots to first victory of season
Tell me you didn't read this as In-day. [pic]
The Heisman finalists are...
Ask /r/Sports:  Who's names are in the rumour mill for the open coaching spot at Notre Dame?  Who's got the best shot?
Now Woods is screwed...
Eddie Aikau produces some monster rides, great pics
Douchebag(s) of the week: The Dallas Cowboys and Austin Considine
NFL To Fine Players For Getting Concussions [The Onion]
5'6 Darren Sproles is a beast.
Police attacked after Cortiba vs. Fluminense.  
Really quite horrific. [Video]
Nebraska's Suh makes it 2-for-2 thus far in awards season, winning the Lombardi Trophy (which I never knew was a block of granite)
Adult Swim Video : Carl : Michael Vick &amp; Tiger Woods
NFL Videos: NFL Films Presents: Players wired for sound best of 08
UFC 107 Free Picks
Bill Simmons on the Tiger Woods saga - The Tiger Zoo
Colt McCoy didn't know the rules last Saturday
Tiger Woods: I have decided to take an indefinite break from professional golf.
Tiger Woods is a coward.
Don't Root Against North Carolina On Their Home Court Or You Will Be Ousted By Roy Williams
I was going to submit a joke about the Rams QB's last name being Null, and them losing 47-0, but they had to fuck it up by scoring in the 4th quarter! 
NFL: The Indianapolis Colts and New Orleans Saints need to embrace their shot at immortality, writes Gene Wojciechowski - ESPN
Stephen Colbert to be a guest on Dan Patrick's sports talk radio show this Wednesday.  Follow the link to listen (show is live from 9am to noon).  Recorded shows can be found in the 'on demand/podcasts' link.
Red Sox sign John Lackey, making their rotation wicked awesome for next year.
Is it bad that after seeing the movie Invictus I would love to see South Africa do well in the World Cup for soccer(football)?
Hipster Douchebag Football Blog's Six Pack of NFL Picks: Week 15
Cincinnati wide receiver Chris Henry injured in a domestic dispute eerily similar to Tiger Woods situation
Texas -- the Yankees of College Football?
Redskins Start Anew With Allen, A Link to Team's Past..... Is Gruden soon to follow?
NFL Fantasy Football Players Commercials
The Cocaine Kiss Defense is Proven Infallible
Notre Dame must explore Big Ten bid -- chicagotribune.com
Top 10 NFL Wide Receivers for Next Season
Mount Union-Whitewater national title game weather-delayed until 4 p.m. today 
Paul Pierce: You see the way guys are jumping these days. I would raise the rim three inches. Then, you have to learn the art of the jump shot. You'll have to know how to play this game a little bit better then. Raising the rim, you'll see increasing play. You'll see increasing fundamentals.
Cung Le’s Smashed Nose
List of leagues of American and Canadian football - They're lots of them including 6 women's league.
Bolts beat grieving Bengals 27-24 - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban officially filed a protest with the NBA over what he termed “misapplication of the rules” by the officiating crew during Friday night's overtime loss to the Houston Rockets. 
UFC ring girl (&amp; super hottie), Logan Stanton, did not have her contract renewed and is being replaced by a plastic bunny for UFC 108.
Inside story on Tiger's Thanksgiving Day accident? It may just be continued rumors, but it makes more sense than anything I've read from the gossip rags. 
Best way to watch the NFL online?
Some of ESPN's coverage decisions -- such as relying on the National Enquirer and TMZ as sources -- should raise eyebrows.
Matt Hughes: Slightly Delusional Company Man
The Ten Commandments of Fantasy Sports
If he was not man enough to stick around, he was not man enough to be my dad--an unlikely sports success story.
Midget Muay Thai Fighters (Video)
A Decade In Sport Photo Special - 32 Of The Best And Strangest moments In Sport
And the newest NY Met who'll not live up to expectations and have some type of season ending injury at some point in 2010 is....
Sick of Colts fans whining?
The Top 10 NBA Plays Of The Decade [video]
Female Basketball Player Claudia Lampe is Smoking Hot
Sixth Man of the Day: Danilo Gallinari : The GSF: sticky floors, a smoky haze, and a keg full of wit.
Anderson Varejao sinks his first career three-pointer to cap Cavaliers' 17-point comeback against the Hawks
Chad Ochocinco's depiction of Revis Island (PIC)
Mike Leach tells his side of the story
How is it that a player can be drafted by MLB, sign a contract, receive a signing bonus, but still retain his eligibility to play in College? MLB draft is screwed up. 
An athletic trainer who says former coach Mike Leach instructed him to lock receiver Adam James in a dark place and it gets worse...
Surprise: Canada advances to the IIHF Gold medal game with a 6-1 win over Switzerland
I love seeing the Broncos piss away another strong start to miss the playoffs in the last week of the season.
Chris Johnson vs. Usain Bolt
Bills cleaning house - fire entire coaching staff
Is television holding back the evolution of football? 
- From the danger of highlights to celebrity 
undermining the team, that box in your living room 
could be shaping the sport's future
Brad Smith runs the option.
Charleston University Upsets #9 UNC Tarheels In Overtime [highlights]
Has anyone seen Michigan State's head coach and Bill Belichick in the same room at the same time?
Matt Holliday agrees to 7-year deal with Cardinals
USA beats Canada 6-5 in overtime to win Gold at the World Juniors
Andre Dawson finally elected to MLB Hall of Fame; Alomar and Blyleven come incredibly close.  How did Alomar not get in first ballot?
New Details Emerge On Gilbert Arenas Saga: After Being Presented With 4 Guns To 'Choose' From, Javaris Crittenton Loaded His Own Gun And Threatened To Shoot Gilbert Arenas In The Locker Room
Hey Reddit, who's your top 5 now that Bama's won the BCS title?
The 2009 Tecmo Bowl NFL Player Awards
Aaron Corp transfers from USC to....
Colt McCoy's Unusually Tragic Boyhood Dream Comes True
2010 NFL Mock Draft 
Togo have pulled out of the Africa Cup of Nations as the death toll following the attack on their team bus in Angola rose to 3
Sources: Seahawks hire USC's Carroll
John Daly has lost 116 lbs (!), and is ready to get back to playing golf in 2010 - NYTimes.com
Green Bay Packers' Charles Woodson named defensive player of the year
FBI Informant Reveals That McGwire's Steroid Abuse Began In The 1980's, When He And Canseco Were In A 'Steroid Arms Race'
Florida coach Urban Meyer receives the news about Kiffin at the UF/UK basketball game. [GIF]
USC asking for trouble by hiring Lane Kiffin as football coach
Make coach Mack Brown tighten *his* belt: at a time when University of Texas football is doing remarkably well, the rest of the campus is having to make do with less.
WSJ.com - Hide Your Players, It's the Vikings!
Mets Organizational Decision-Making Flowchart
Kobe leaves Phil hanging and Phil can't act
Dan Marino looks like an old lesbian (pic)
Angola and Algeria played to a scoreless draw. This is exactly why nobody (in America) watches soccer.
US Soccer dodges bullet: Clint Dempsey will NOT need surgery.
Former USC Football Coach Pete Carroll has a great sense of humor.
UFC: Brock Lesnar has fully recovered, will fight this summer against the winner of Carwin-Mir
Make the Pro Bowl before the Super Bowl, and not in Hawaii, and no one wants to play?
Phillies sign Blanton to 3-year, $24 million deal.  Cliff Lee wanted $9 million for one year.  Dammit.
There's a map for that: Darrelle Revis has the country covered
Tom Hicks is broke.  The Texas Rangers and Dallas Stars had their 757 repossessed.  Nolan Ryan is now going to be one of the new owners of the Rangers.
The Decade's Best (Sports) Role Models
Some fans cover themselves in body paint. Others just spill food on themselves over the course of the game. Then there's UGA's Peanut Butter Kid, who made yesterday's upset over Tennessee just about as unpleasant as possible for everyone involved.
What makes Brett Favre NOT run?
NASCAR Testing rear spoiler, look to replace rear wing for 2010 season.
Opee The Motocross Dog
Kurt Warner retires from the NFL
Serena wins 12th slam
Alaska Nanooks 2010 Hockey Intro: If hockey stick wielding Top Gun polar bear doesn't get you pumped up I don't know what will!
It's a couple of years old but still a remarkable clip... I wonder why more fans in the US don't participate like this -- Edmonton Oilers Fans sing Oh Canada!
Herschel Walker Wins MMA Debut
A radical idea: keep MLB competitive by changing teams divisions every year.
Despite criticism, Pro Bowl ratings explode. 
Willie Mays, at 78, decides to tell his story 
Sausage King of Chicago suggests moving the Super Bowl to Saturday for a litany of reasons
Ocho Cinco News Network's Super Bowl Media Day Highlights (VIDEOS)
No Cool Runnings at the Winter Olympics...Jamaican Bobsled Team Doesn't Qualify
Bills name George Edwards defensive coordinator. Switches defense to 3-4. Bills fan spiral further in to depression.
Breaking: John Terry Given The Boot
Because I was dying to know who Maya Angelou, Hulk Hogan and Masi Oka picked to win the Super Bowl.
Feel the rhythm! Feel the rhyme! Get on up, its... NOT bobsled time as the Jamaican team barely failed to qualify for the Olympics.
Dear r/sports, I'm going to see my first super bowl game tomorrow and I have no idea about football (not American). What should i read/know before the game to enjoy it more? What are the super bowl traditions except for great commercials?
Warren Sapp released on bond following domestic battery arrest 
LeBron: It's Good To Be The King
This is how I am watching the Superbowl.
As I watch the New Orleans Saints hoist the Lombardi Trophy, I have come the stark realization that the Detroit Lions will never accomplish such a feat...
The Super Bowl in one stat:  This is the first Super Bowl in history to have its first two touchdowns scored by Pierres.
I missed the game today. Everytime I go to ESPN my browser crashes. So I thought superbowl.com will surely tell me who won. Uhh. I'm still not sure! [pic]
For anyone that argues against the use of instant replay, claiming it takes the human element out of the game, I present this to you, and say, Good thing the human element did not determine the outcome of this play! 
A first-hand account of the celebrations in New Orleans.
This morning's Virginian-Pilot Sports front featured a horrible error. We accidentally reversed the score of the Super Bowl. 
USA beat Scotland in the qualifiers for the Cricket T20 World Cup
Does racism affect teamwork in the NBA?: - Barking up the wrong tree
2010 McShay Mock Draft
Could being too popular be a problem for the first Israeli-born NBA athlete?
Celebrating a Saints victory!
Georgian Luger Dies After Crash on Whistler Track [Vid] *Graphic*
Steve Nash is the most ridiculous man in the world [Dos Equis Parody]
Should NBC have shown video of Nodar Kumaritashvili's death?
Dallas Mavericks trade Josh Howard, Drew Gooden, James Singleton and Quinton Ross to Washington Wizards for Caron Butler, Brendan Haywood and DeShawn Stevenson
For more than thirteen years, Jack Johnson was the most famous and the most notorious African-American on Earth.
NBA All-Star Slam Dunk Contest taken off life support
Top 10 Sports Theme Songs
NBC: No apology for delay of game - Eric Wilbur's Sports Blog - Boston.com
Now I know why Shaun White is so famous. Incredible.
AMAZING half-pipe Red Bull built for Shaun White [HD Video]
How long could you last on the downhill ski?
Rockets trade Tracy McGrady to Kings in seven-man deal
Ernie Els says Tiger's timing is selfish
Onion Sports Guide to Team USA
The most embarrassing wipeouts in Olympics skiing
R/sports, I need to rant.  Pac-10 referee's are fucking awful.
Not a Mets fan, but this move from PhilliesNation just seems lame...
Finally, after all these months, Eldrick Tont “Tiger” Woods is going to apologize. To you, to me, and to all the other people around the world that he cheated on. The ENTIRE MSM IS LIVE!!!!
Do You Think Tiger Was Sincere?
Bode Miller earns super-combined gold on blistering slalom run
Bode Miller wins first Olympic gold medal
Bode Miller, Lindsey Jacobellis, and an Olympic-sized lesson on what to do when opportunity knocks
USA!  USA!  
Olympics: Plushenko awards self a platinum medal.
Olympic Sex Fest: Officials stocked 100,000 condoms to distribute to athletes in Vancouver. They stocked 70,000 at the Sydney games... and ran out.
Lane-switching gaffe costs Dutch Speed Skater Sven Kramer a gold medal.
Lebron going to the Knicks is a dumb idea, and here is why.
UFC 111 Trailer: check out this trailer for the upcoming UFC 111 event and tell me you aren't pumped for it.
Does Veteran Starting Pitching Matter in the World Series? 
At the end of the day, the NFL combine is older men checking out and commenting on younger mens' bodies.
So I just watched the Bobsled competition on NBC's web site. Apparently they are too fucking cheap to even provide an announcer? What's up with that?
At NFL combine, players' hopes can be dashed all at once

Watch out Canada; blood is in the water. This year's Olympics were a sign of hockey to come.
Reddit, I need your opinions about women's sports.
Peyton Manning Neck Surgery: QB Recovering From Pinched Nerve Procedure
7-foot-1 Loek Van Mil has grown into quite a pitching prospect for Minnesota Twins - TwinCities.com
Ottawa scoreboard plays Canadian goals during 'Star Spangled Banner'
Four former Yankees try family-style living with Pirates
NBA stars dominate high school [vid]
Source: Chester Taylor agrees to 4-year deal with Chicago Bears - ESPN Chicago
How much would you guess normal MLS players are paid by their clubs? [PDF]
Browns give LB Fujita, OL Pashos multiyear deals - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Golf Shoes: A good pair of golf shoes will stabilise your feet and give you a good solid base from which to build a solid golf swing.
Roethlisberger 'Is at Least Guilty of Stupidity' 
What if everyone in Canada flushed the toilet at the same time?
Derek Anderson (QB) released from the browns and talks shit.
Alabama LB McClain reveals he has Crohn’s disease
Oregon defeats Washington State in OT, 82-80, advances to second round of Pac -10 tournament
Report: Roethlisberger admitted to having sexual contact with alleged victim
A Denver jury has convicted Willie D. Clark of murdering Denver Broncos cornerback Darrent Williams.
What are the chances of a New Orleans Saints repeat?
Here's the Poologic method of winning your NCAA Bracket pool (Please post other tips as well)
Beckham operation a success after Achilles rupture 
Dolphins sign Incognito, now if only they could find him to tell him.
Lebron James records another triple-double.
President Obama's 2010 NCAAB Bracket
NFL to examine two possessions in playoffs OT
How about this- in basketball instead of having someone foul out after 5 fouls, give the other team a power play like hockey for a minute.  It would be cool to see 5-4 basketball.
Remember when there were NBA players who couldn't rap?  Nah, me neither.  (fascinating footage)
YouTube - Worlds Greatest Football Tackle (Henson headbutt)
Guy On NCAA Tournament: 'How Did Nancy In Accounting Pick Those Upsets?'
Mickey Mantle on his experience at Yankees Stadium
Stay Classy, Sidney Crosby
Jean Claude Van Damme vs Somluck Kamsing, K1, October 2010!
Rashad Evans VS Quinton Jackson - Its Scheduled
Ilgauskas signs 1-year deal with Cleveland Cavaliers 
Autistic kid is perfect in NCAA picks so far
DAE think that in 3 or 4 years Kevin Durant will be better than LeBron and the Thunder will win at least one championship?
JA Happ tipping pitches?
Lost in the noise about OT rules, a major development has gone unnoticed; NFL &amp; Alumni group start neurological care program for retired players.
Those plucky Cornell kids
Josh Smith ends game with a buzzer beater dunk
The decline and fall of the NBA's Gilbert Arenas
Anyone watching the Xavier-Kansas State game? Jordan Crawford just made a monster shot to send it into double OT. 
Confessions of a Sportswriter
How do you plan on participating in the WWF Earth Hour and watch March Madness?  Will you watch the game in the dark?
Thunder snap Lakers' 7-game win streak, 91-75 - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
Georges St. Pierre beats Dan Hardy to retain welterweight title
Joe Buck Live Pretty Much Dead, Joe Buck Says - Joe Buck - Deadspin
Reddit, My home town high school boys basketball team just won the state championship. Do me a favor and vote for Jules Tavarez!
Amar'e Stoudemire POWER!!! 
A Video Recreation of the Greatest Soccer (uhhh football) Goal Ever Scored - There's No Existing Video Recording of Pele's Greatest Goal!...
Who else is running the Chicago Marathon?
Dear ESPN Sunday Night Baseball crew, there are other teams in the MLB other than the Yankees, Philies, and Red Sox, in fact there is another 3/4 of the country filled with baseball teams. Thank you!
Fan of 2nd Last Placed Maple Leafs Freaks Out After Mathematical Elimination [VID]
Kevin Garnett's F-Bomb on Live TV
Cleveland Browns Nose Tackle Shaun Rogers arrested for trying to bring a gun on a plane.  He forgot he had it with him.
Shawne Merriman gets punk'd by Rich Eisen [video]
Constipated Jewish Passover Fantasy Baseball Draft (VID)
George F. Will - Plumbing the etiquette of baseball
Grandpa Favre! If he comes back, will he be the first grandfather to play in the NFL? 
r/Sports, what is your opinion on Barry Bonds?
Great photos from yesterday's Barca~Arsenal game
David Ortiz lashes out after question about slow start 
Old Nike soccer commercial but still really cool (I can't wait for the World Cup!)
Oh, cool.  The Ben Roethlisberger investgation by the Milledgeville, GA police department is done.  That's pretty cool...wait, WHAT'S THE NAME OF THE POLICE CHIEF? 
5 Kentucky players, including John Wall, headed for NBA
Vertigo. 
In defense of Tiger Woods' Nike ad: How can I be angry at Nike when Tiger's former sponsor implied that shaving cream would be the genesis of my personal harem? Cynical as this campaign might be, there are worse messages than, Your hero athlete is human.
Top US-born scorer in NHL history, Mike Modano to retire.  15 sticks &amp; 6 jerseys were prepared for tonight's game in Dallas.  Final game: Saturday in Minnesota, appropriately.  
North Dakota to officially drop Fighting Sioux from its name.
This is the most fearsome pitcher in the game 
Atlanta's Evan Kane KO's Pittsburg's Matt Cooke
Excuse me sir, are you sure you want to risk getting doughnut crumbs on that new green jacket?
Jerry Rice, now a pro golfer, is a fine example of a human being
Baron Davis and Steve Nash.... On a bike.
This wouldn't be the worst thing...
the world's best golfer that you've never heard of.
Man charged with vomiting on girl at Philadelphia Phillies game
The Onion on Sam Bradford
Jay-Z suing David Ortiz
Hey Pens fans, the Sutton hit was clean...you can stop booing any time now.
Here's another good one, in case any of you want to make another motivational poster.
Mets vs Cardinals, top of the 17th inning and still going. 
r/TexasHSFootball: for the official religion of the State of Texas
Mets in 20 inning game
Hockey's Hardest Slapshot
Craig Anderson of the Avalanche stops all 50 shots to beat the Sharks 1-0 in OT
Kevin Garnett suspended for Game 2 vs. Heat 
Who is Mel Kiper, Jr.?
Mike Hayes' hysterical radio call for the Avalanche's win over the Sharks
Video: Bruins' Johnny Boychuk levels Matt Ellis
Should a Trib reporter be calling players idiots and punk asses in his Tweets
Jeff Samardzija is shockingly bad at baseball
Tim Tebow: Rare Case Of Game Hating The Player : NPR
Fordham player, Brian Kownacki, performs superman leap to base
Best Base Running Play Ever
Target Field: officially the coolest the park in MLB
Sam Bradford goes 1st overall to St. Louis Rams in NFL Draft; Ndamukong Suh goes to Detroit Lions at 2nd
Brewers beat Pirates 20-0.  No one cares, surprised.
Buffalo Bills, Cleveland Browns contact St. Louis Rams about 33rd pick
Pete Carroll trades for LenDale White from Tennessee Titans
What the f#$t happened to George Selvie?  He was a can't miss his freshman and sophomore years.
Fitzy goes to the 2010 NFL draft [vid]
Baseball player makes a Superman leap over catcher
U.S. striker Davies resumes full training with Sochaux - Soccer - SI.com
Have a love/hate relationship with an athlete or fantasy player? Call out the person who screwed you over in a big game!
Bible says there's one good man in a thousand.....so it's a crap shoot you're gonna get a good dad anyway -- Ricky Williams
Datsyuk, Detroit end Coyotes' season with 6-1 rout - NHL - Yahoo! Sports
Eric Belanger Performs Self-Dentistry After Getting Puck in the Face in Hockey Game
How Dare NFL Teams Question Myron Rolle's Commitment to Football?
 Oh, and if you didn't see it, be aware that LeBron is going to milk this injury all the way through the playoffs.
Barry Zito has his best ever start to a season; is he in the midst of returning to Cy Young Award-winning form?
Saints resign Darren Sharper
Tony Romo playing indoor soccer
Phillies fan Tasered after running on field [Awesome PIC]
Phoenix Suns to wear Los Suns jerseys in response to AZ immigration bill. Steve Nash calls bill very misguided.
How do pitchers feel when a batter breaks the unwritten rules of baseball?
Charles Barkley joins Steve Nash in condemning AZ immigration bill. That's 2/5 of the Suns All-Time Team. C'mon, Kevin Johnson, make it 3.
Richest Club in the World, Biggest Debt
Yankees fans vs. Mets fans
Am I the only one who is scared that Tim Tebow will be really good?
Perfect game for the kid who lost his Mom to cancer on Mothers day. 
Athletics' Dallas Braden throws perfect game against Tampa Bay Rays 
Which of the NBA second round sweeps surprised you the most, or the least?
Rojo Johnson's pitching debut
Should Ken Griffey Jr. Retire?
Prediction: The Nets will win the championship very soon
I can't remember ever watching a game that, as it progressed, started to feel like the next 12 years for multiple franchises and the league itself were at stake. --Bill Simmons on Game 5
Top 10 Things I Think Are Probably True: From the Perspective of a Chiefs Fan
Vert high quality pictures of the celebrations on Montreal streets after Habs victory over the Penguins.
anyone else heartbroken by the cavs loss?
Is Delonte West banging Lebron's mom?
Thank goodness for the Bruins!
Check out the bottom headline...I hope that was intentional.
The greatest player in history swung and missed on match point against Nadal.
Little Leaguer takes a pitch to the crotch
Milan's U.S. defender Onyewu decides to play for free
anyone else find these History Will be Made ads by the NHL, corny but cool?
This morning I made this glorious picture of LeBron dunking over the Statue of Liberty while flying through midtown Manhattan.
Thames accustomed to coming up big
Usain Bolt runs 100M (328 ft) in 9.86 SECONDS. That's a football field and an endzone!
The shared history of cricket and baseball 
Landis admits doping and fingers Armstrong
So yeah, Joe Webb can jump.  
EPIC new Nike World Cup  ad...
You think Floyd Landis' admissions shook up Lance Armstrong a little today
Charley Rosen: Los Angeles Lakers star Pau Gasol is the best center in the NBA 
Sources: Minnesota Vikings' Brett Favre had surgery on injured left ankle
2 high school seniors throw down a rare double alley-oop dunk at the same time
Why are Barcelona so annoying? 
Live Cricket Match, The Most exciting Entertainment for Cricket Fans
Roger Clemens Perjury Investigation Moves Into High Gear
Johnn Damon and Ichiro will get 3,000 hits (and other predictions)
2010 NBA Playoffs...Do The Magic Have A Trick For The Celtics?
Geez...wouldn't be good for Boston for 2 franchises to have the same ignominious outcome
Being a Chicago hockey fan, this is so cool to see downtown.
Raiders Ask Russell for $9.55 Million Back
Seattle Seahawks cut running back LenDale White
Seattle Seahawks jettison Lendale White.  No reason given.  Let the speculation begin!
World Cup starts in 2 weeks
An interesting in-depth article on Montreal's connection to the origin of many major professional sports.
A-Rod just sent Indians' Pitcher to the hospital.
Los Angeles Lakers win the NBA western conference finals by beating Phoenix Suns, 111-103. Will face their nemesis, the Boston Celtics on June 3rd, 2010
I don't watch football/soccer much, but why does Theirry Henry get so much shit for the handball?  Isn't it the refs' fault for not catching it?
LeBron tells Larry King the Cavs have the edge in signing him
At least Joyce isn't acting like a schmuck about it --- I just cost that kid a perfect game, Joyce said. I thought he beat the throw. I was convinced he beat the throw, until I saw the replay. It was the biggest call of my career, said Joyce, who became a full-time major league umpire in 1989.
Bud Selig should step in, credit Armando Galarraga with perfect game
The Worst Baseball Call EVER!!!
Tennis ball scares the sh*t out of ballboy(pic)
Just out of curiosity, what if instead of the runner being clearly out but called safe, the runner was clearly safe but called out?
Jim Joyce apologizes for his bad call, profusely.
The Iron Sheikh has a message for Jim Joyce
Something tells me Lebron won't want to play for a head coach with ZERO experience as a head coach..
Nadal beats Soderling, wins 6th French Open title. Without losing a single set.
The Onion's coverage of the French Open
Adam Morrison motivates Kobe Bryant
Yes, Of Corso! 
Seven things to consider for Stanley Cup Final Game 6
Stephen Strasburg makes his MLB debut tonight in Washington DC amid much fanfare. 

I hadn't seen anything in /r/sports about this, but 6 Packers were accused of rape.... it turns out it was false.
Derek Fisher Seals It
A World Cup Game for Redditors
D1 Grand Prix 2010 Season Trailer [video]
Thanks, Nebraska...
USC receives 2yr post-season ban as well as loss of scholarships
Lets say the Pac-10 takes the 6 teams from the Big XII as expected. Can we call the new conference Pac &amp; Biggie?
Patrick Kane: Hope the Cup gets me laid, brah.
I got next
Favorite Locker Room Story
Google's Worldcup doodle
I created a Reddit World Cup Fantasy League, join it! Code is 665702-132688
Live World Cup Analysis: South Africa vs. Mexico
What time is the U.S./England game [EST]? Every schedule I check says 2:30. ESPN is saying 1:30. WTF?
Omaha World-Herald - Nebraska officially accepts invitation to join the Big Ten Conference (1:20)
A Xenophobe's Guide to Hating All 31 U.S. World Cup Opponents
More dominos fall: Texas, Texas Tech, Oklahoma, &amp; Oklahoma St go the way of the PAC-10; Texas A&amp;M still undecided
Posts about draws and goalkeeps aside.... did South Africa/FIFA/ABC just get slow motion cameras? I've never seen so much in my life. There were shots of the coaches itching their eyebrows and stuff. 
Watching Sox vs Phillies on Fox after watching USA vs England, Tim McCarver is way more annoying than the vuvuzelas.
I see your Robert Green and raise you a Vesa Toskala
BBC News - ITV HD viewers miss England's first World Cup goal
Highest level of football: World Cup or Premier League, et al.?
By Far The Most Accurate Twitter Account During This World Cup
World cup: Ruthless Germany hammer Australia
Who Are The Top 6 Players Of The 2010 World Cup?
A diagram of detailed instructions as to the proper operation of a vuvuzela.  
Does everyone in the world cup seem kind of fat to you? Why must people distort TV pictures to fill a widescreen?
Hey /r/sports - Check out my World Cup Calculator - An easy way to figure out who will advance to the next round!
John Cleese Explains The Offside Rule
Team USA = Thunderbirds Are Go?
Breaking News: Tom Izzo Staying at Michigan State University!
What happens when a former big leaguer (Eric Byrnes) plays beer league softball?
Smart Kid... Denver Broncos (Funny)
Why the Vuvuzela should NOT be banned from the World Cup
Pac-10 Invites Utah
Pff Kobe is still overrated.  He's yet to win a championship without the aid of Derek Fisher on his team.  /s
Best Post Game Interview Ever.
Whose call was worse?  The World Cup ref or the MLB ump in the should've been perfect game?
Former NBA Star and Tallest Player 'Manute Bol' Dies 
at 47
RIP Manute Bol
The official soccer club of reddit
Was clinically dead now a champion.
Why so many World Cup Upsets? A 1996 EU soccer case plays a role
Much of the flopping, flailing and falling in soccer is little more than diving to the turf in an effort to dupe the referee.
I don't understand why anybody is surprised that the French team is refusing to practice...
Alexi Lalas please stop talking, nobody wants to hear you speak anymore.
Anyone here excited for the 'other' world cup in 2011?
I found Kimbo Slice in a video while browsing for porn (NSFW)
South Korea 1- Nigeria 1 at the half... (LET'S GO KOREA!)
One of the things I am really admiring about soccer/football is the lack of whining about running up the score.  Is this just b/c these opening rounds count goal differential as a tie breaker, or is it never really an issue?
My best jokes about the French Football Team
NHL, NBA, NFL and MLB will meet with the DEA to discuss prevention of performance enhancing drugs
Fantastic article on one of the U.S.'s best goalies
Martin Palermo, scorer of the second goal for Argentina VS Greece is also an unfortunate holder of Guinnes world record for most penalties missed in one match (3)
There are a lot of douches in the sports world; these two guys might be the biggest.
Marlins fire manager Fredi Congalez and owner Jeffrey Loria says Marlins could do better... Umm, yeah, you could...his name was Joe Girardi but you fired him too a few years ago.
U.S.A wins despite the Worlds attempts to keep them from the real tourney!
Wimbledon matches do not go into a fifth-set tiebreaker. As a result, Nicolas Mahut and John Isner are tied at 51 games apiece in the fifth set. [LIVE STREAM]
Fuck you Mahut. You can't keep going like Isner so you whine about the darkness. Fuck your couch.
This is exactly what my emotions were like today.
In honor of this Wimbledon match: History's Longest Sporting Events
Is it just me or do the refs in the World Cup constantly miss the backcourt calls?
Shanahan has to win this standoff {NFC East Blog}
Rangers win their 11th in a row. Impressive.
Can you guess which NFL team is paying its backup more than it pays its starter?
Brazilians blame Portugal for lackluster result
MLB players are such little bitches: Carlos Zambrono suspended for hissy-fit in the dugout.
South Africa: FIFA, not migrants, are the real crooks
Tennis star escapes lifetime ban from Wimbledon tournament after being accused of SPITTING at crowd



The Flying Aussie: Mark Webber tries a looping in his F1 during the European Grand Prix
Germany dominates the second half to beat England 4-1
/r/sports - what is your honest opinion of ice hockey?
What happens to Yankee fans in BoSox territory
Fedor Fallout: What it Means for his Legacy, Future, UFC, and MMA
John Cleese rants - Soccer vs Football
FIFA to 'Reopen the File' on Video Technology - WSJ.com
MMA fighter dies following maiden match
NBA Free Agent Signing!
Can someone explain this to me?
Who is on team stoner?
Excitement at Wimbledon as Nadal's bicep develops own gravitational field
John Calipari was wrong on draft night: last night was actually the greatest night in Kentucky basketball history 
England Three - Germany Won: Why Americans Can't Understand Football 
What are the odds that Felipe Melo goes into hiding? Possibly moving to the Netherlands?
Uruguay defeats Ghana during a thrilling PK
Paraguay courageously stood its ground against a much more powerful Spanish team... props to them!
Lance Armstrong's $15,000 Bike Helmet
The Cleveland Cavaliers used their home-court advantage to convince LeBron James to give them a few more years to win an NBA title.



Unstoppable Nadal secures Wimbledon crown
Maradona plan unravels with no solution in sight
The Most Patriotic Play in Baseball History
Dunga is not trainer of Brazil anymore-
Nigeria: association head fired by head of state -FIFA threatens measures against Nigeria includin exclusion from all events-

England: Capello can go on: 2 xpensive 2 b fired

So ESPN has this salary crunch thing.  Makes me feel pretty inferior
World Cup hopes for women's football.....
Uruguay v Holland – Dutch Masters Reach Final, Knock Out Plucky Uruguay
After 11 months in exile Caster Semenya, South African 800-metre world champion, is reportedly set to be cleared to race against women.
South African world 800 metres champion Caster Semenya was cleared on Tuesday to compete as a woman, nearly a year after controversial gender tests put her career on hold.
Dutch soccer approaches what could be its finest hour without the backing of a fan posse that journeyed the longest and sacrificed the most to get to the World Cup
Anyone else NOT care where James, Wade and/or Bosh end up?
Let it be known, the phrase 'The Holy Trinity' was first applied to this crew on reddit
Undercover footage of JaMarcus Russell sting operation
Lebron James' ESPN Press Conference The Most Self-Serving Move In Pro Sports History
One thing's for sure between Netherlands and Spain, one of these countries will win their first World Cup ever
Boozer to Bulls?
Boozer commits to Bulls
LeBron James to Announce Decision From Greenwich, Conn...where Jay-Z lives
TO ALL GRAMMAR NAZIS
Who else gets annoyed when people talk about Lebron in the NFL.
For all who love a decent gokart ride
So based on what the sports media is reporting LeBron will...
Is anybody else tired of Harry Connick Jr. talking about Lebron James on ESPN?
Where Lebron is going to go and how the 2011 NBA Finals will end. What more do you need to know? 
Washington lawyer files lawsuit claiming he is the father of basketball star LeBron James. 
Celtics use full mid-level exception to sign Jermaine O'Neal
Usain Bolt celebrates early with confetti and champagne during his race
...the single most preposterous sentence written or uttered during all of LeBronukkah: 'LeBron James is planning to announce the team with which he will sign during a one-hour special on ESPN Thursday night, ESPN The Magazine's Chris Broussard has learned through independent sources.'
Miami will have three great players, but no center, no point guard and no cap room, 
LeBron + Wade + Bosh in Miami. GG rest of the NBA
FUK LBJ T-shirts already out ... that was fast!
Can we get the Cleveland Steamer officially renamed the LeBrown?
Now you're just rubbing it in, Facebook.
LeBron Touches Down in the M.I.A. (vid)
This whole Lebron subject has me wondering...When did sports become daytime TV!?
DAE think Lebron's move to the Heat is BAD for the NBA?
The Least Happy Guy in Cleveland Right Now, Re: Lebron James
11 strange things LeBron James said during 'The Decision'
Reddit, what do you think of my idea for naming the new dream team that is the Miami Heat?
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
N.W.O. &amp; Lebron IRONY
Did Income Taxes Send LeBron James To Miami ?
Netherlands and Spain Go for World Cup First
Inside 'The Decision'
NFL.com asks if Hasselbeck is still an elite quarterback. I ask whether he ever was at all.
¡Viva España!
Spanish goalkeeper is interviewed by his journalist girlfriend after winning the World Cup (*insert cute comment*)
Fat Joba = Fat Loss!
LeBron James booed at Carmelo Anthony's wedding
How was the game?... well FFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
worst homerun derby ever!
George Steinbrenner Dead? Yankees Owner Suffers Massive Heart Attack
George Steinbrenner, Yankees’ Owner, Dies at 80
10 memorable George Steinbrenner quotes. 
Remembering George Steinbrenner's other legacy...as one of Seinfeld's most memorable supporting characters
George Steinbrenner Dies of Heart Attack at Age 80
The complex legacy of Darth Steinbrenner
Imagine how big this commercial would have been if State Farm waited until now to release it (LeBron)
Terrelle Pryor A Little Tipsy (Photo)? Can OSU Win BCS W/ This Guy Behind Center?
Lebron James is all about winning.
I'd say this match sums up what soccer(football) is in america compared to the rest of the world.
One thing soccer has over other sports (American at least).  Cross-posted from /r/soccer
LEBRON JAMES FLIPS OUT ON CLEVELAND FANS!!!!
John Daly sets new standard for golf fashion
Tour de France rider kicked out of race today, for.....not drugs but head-butting
New England Patriots
Chris Cohan [worst NBA owner ever] is no longer the owner of the Golden State Warriors!!!
Cleveland brewery is releasing a bitter beer inspired by LeBron James' decision to leave
Bill Walton has acid flashback while commenting on Boris Diaw
SO... George Steinbrenner arrived at the Pearly Gates, and... [PIC]
Harvard Guard Jeremy Lin Has Lakers Interested
Matt Barnes the newest Raptor
Bout between James Toney and Randy Couture could bring boxing-vs.-MMA debate to head
The only thing relevant to this discussion is whether or not LeBron James would go play with Dwyane Wade. 
Interactive Menu Let's You Choose The Best 'Ballpark Foods' in America
Cubs manager Piniella retiring after this season
With Juwon Howard signed, do the Heat have enough to win?
Great read by ESPN's ombudsman about The Decision.  
The Chuck, Mike, and Magic Smear Campaign
A statistical look at the Bulls from 1993 to 1994 when MJ left 
2010 Vols Football Schedule
Chris Paul wants out of New Orleans... to play with Lakers, Magic, or Knicks
The Decision was laughable and a joke.. but you still watched it right?!? Good SLAM article on LeBron
A-Rod's a homer away from history. Do you give a shit?
Most Underhyped Baseball Players - SI.com
RIP James Gammon AKA Manager Lou Brown from Major League
A list of controversial umpire calls over the past month. The fact that there are so many shows how bad the umpiring has been this year.
Ron Artest vs. Dennis Rodman, who do consider a better defensive player and why?
Sachin Tendulkar’s book will not have his blood
A look at whether one and done players are worth it in college basketball
The Greatest Ultimate Frisbee Catch of All Time [VIDEO]
Matt Garza Throws A No-Hitter: Why Baseball Is the Most Exciting Sport
Terrell Owens gets all of his apologies for the year out of the way ahead of time.
And today's winner of Sports Headline of the Day goes to...
Tiger Woods Sucks Now, Reports U.S. Department Of Guys At The Bar | The Onion - America's Finest News Source
Home-made Zipline Doesnt work! EPICFAIL
Best Sports Celebration Ever
Best hockey fight EVER
Kobe vs MJ: Why You Shouldn’t Trust the Conventional Wisdom
Cleveland Indians crowd taunts fan in LeBron James Heat jersey - ESPN
Apparently Cleveland fans are not receptive to  the LeBron Miami jersey.
Mikhail Prokhorov writes open letter supporting Lebron/Bosh's decision
How the Minnesota Vikings can win the Super Bowl [PIC]
X Games 16 Travis does a double backflip. Where is the video?
Did you know that the Orioles, MLB's worst, presidents name is Andy MacPhail?! It has Phail in it1
is it a goal kick? no wait, it's a penalty!
Best Ad Campaign
Top 10 Hottest NFL Training Camps 
Great Pete Carroll burn (from Facebook)
The Colorado Crusading Rockies: why is the club&amp;amp;#8217;s religious mandate such a huge secret in its own hometown?
Berkman soon to be a Yankee.
YSK: You can call the Boston Globe Sports Desk at 617-929-3235, and they'll answer any stats question you can possibly think of, on any sport.
Jose Canseco always made his teammates better power hitters. Can statistics be used to find juicers?
The player draft was instituted to help distribute talent evenly across sports leagues for the purpose of eliminating the advantage high-profile and large market teams had when it came to signing players. Why has the same not been done for front office personnel?
I knew Phillie fans are rough, but damn.
Tyreke Evans Driving Video confirms it's too early to give him the keys to the team
Several NBA Teams Interested In Shaq As A Person | The Onion - America's Finest News Source
Hey reddit what is the biggest wave you've ever ridden? Here are the 2010 big wave nominations - winner Grant Baker. 
Are Ironmen athletes?
I'm so ready for Football Season [Gif]
Nick Saban: Gamechanger
'Brett Favre Once Sent Me Cock Shots': Not A Love Story
600*
NFL Rookie Hazing Taken to the Next Level
Chicago Sun Times accuses Kentucky basketball of negotiating a $200,000 deal for a prospective 2011 recruit from Chicago.  
I Guess the Redskins are Ready To Start Losing. 
Bill Simmons: Fantasy football needs a shakeup - ESPN [new fantasy rule proposals]
Soccer has (sort of) arrived in America - US National Soccer Team
The most important things to take away from UFC 117 - the greatest UFC card in the company’s history.
Jimmy Johnson to be a contestant on the upcoming season of Survivor. 
Video: Cooley scares McNabb by hiding young fan in his locker
Antonio Cromartie, 26yo cornerback for the Jets, just had ANOTHER kid: that is 8 kids with possibly 7 women in 6 states
Who Is The Greatest Running Back Of All Time?
This is what happens when you smoke drugs before you write about college football
Ten-Year Ban For Whipping Out His Junk
Manchester United to Sign Former Homeless World Cup Star Bebe
Catastrophe Hits the UConn Women's Basketball Team.
Chipper Jones has a torn ACL and is probably going to retire. ESPN barely has any coverage on it. He is one of the best players in the last 15 years or so. I hate ESPN!!
Oakland Raiders 'rookie hazing' haircut photo gallery [pics]
Think you know who the highest paid sportsman of all-time is? I bet you have no idea. 
In 1970 there was one 300 lb player in the NFL; in 2009 there were 394
Pippen to Van Gundy: I'll bet Heat won't win 72
Adam Morrison Singing
Udonis Haslem arrested with over 20 grams of marijuana
DjStevePorter reminds us that We Play To Win The Game
Top 100 sports movie quotes. (The list reads better if you ignore the commentary).
Lebron James People are spoiled watching me on and off the court Doing what Lebron? Making a complete fool of yourself over and over?
Chris Bosh: I played with people's emotions.
Here is the reaction the 2001-2002 Sacramento Kings had from their loss to the Los Angeles Lakers.
A poetic end to the career of Adonal Foyle
So... a caller phoned in to a sports talk show, and claimed that...
Lou Gehrig might not have had Lou Gehrig's disease
Brett Favre: 'I owe it' to Minnesota Vikings to return again - ESPN
Brett Favre: biggest troll in football ever. Not retiring, instead playing another season with the Vikings.
Cleveland is trying to remove all trace of LeBron James from their city.
I had to doublecheck that i wasn't on The Onion when I saw this headline about Lagarette Blount
Hard Knocks Episode 2 Recap and Review; Preseason, Rex Ryan, Football... Can you ask for any more?
The Fight Football League -- Randomly skip ahead in video to see the most ridiculous crossover between MMA and football.
James Toney UFC 118 Public Cage Workout - Video
Clemens likely to go to prison.
ITT post your score on the US Army APFT.  I'm a programmer who never exercises, and I managed 143.  
PGA experimenting with allowing mixed drinks during events
r/sprots, what do you think about replay in baseball?
Arjun Atwal becomes the first Indian to win on the PGA tour at the Wyndham championship. Really cool!
Tiger Woods officially divorced
Bobby Bowden claims he was pushed out by Florida State
An in-depth look at the NBAs youngest agent...who is 23 years old
Now this is how you catch a foul ball
Mr. Met shows up at an Indian wedding
NBC to use five shorter breaks to accommodate Notre Dame's plans for offense (From ESPN, Not the Onion)
Top female tennis stars hitting the ball in slow motion. 
What is your favorite team's most painful loss?
Epic Football Fail - Funny video
St. Louis Cardinals first baseman Albert Pujols hits 400th career home run, is the 3rd youngest player to do so.
With Strassburg out, ESPN has already found the next kid to hype up to the point he'll never have a chance to develop naturally as a professional baseball player
THIS (Hong Man Choi) is the guy Shaq wants to fight. His opponent in the pic, Cro Cop, is 6'2, 235 lbs.
U.S. Open: 12 Players to Watch (Gallery)
My favorite This is Sportscenter commercial... PED's
Hey /r/sports! Did you hear about Troy Polamalu's hair?
Bill Simmons on Shaq, Aniston and the Knicks. His best piece in at least five years.
Chris Chelios retires from hockey, takes job with Red Wings
Top 10 miracle moments in sport
Don't touch a hair on Steelers' Troy Polamalu's head. (It's worth a million dollars.)
20 Most Famous Foot Faults [GALLERY]
Golf: Worst Slice Ever
Realignments always confuse me. (Big X Realignment)
Not sure how many care, but the Round of 16 of FIBA WC is set, some good matchups
Fans brawl at US Open
Mike Marqusee: Behind cricket's latest scandal -- Pakistan cricket and its discontents
Wtf is Brian Griese trying to say?
Can we get /r/cfb added to the sidebar? A great place for college football discussion.
10 Unnecessary Things QBs Do
Hey r/sports, do you think gaming will be in the olympics soon?
The 6 least sportsmanlike moments in mixed martial arts (with videos)
Dan Hampton said, out loud, that Katrina joke we were all thinking in our heads
Which one of these is not like the other?
NFL kickoff happened last night, and in our week long tribute to all things NFL we give you - the most eco-friendly NFL stadiums! 
Derek Jeter is batting .262 in a contract year. Why is this not a bigger deal?!
blog about sports and babes with hilarious commentary, pretty much all that's needed
Apparently (American) football isn't just some crazy American scheme to steal Football's name.
Wow, I just realized how great today's college football lineup is. A lot of really compelling matchups for an early September Saturday.
Ole Miss’ Admiral Ackbar Campaign Fizzles
NFL is king, but which league is #2?
Joey Votto has yet to hit an infield popup this season.
Boxing great Ricky Hatton caught on video snorting lines of coke
Manning face
Great Moments in College Football Photography: Denard Robinson Heisman Pose Edition
Rafa completes career grand slam
Why do they call the Superbowl Champions the 'World Champions' and in baseball, the finals the 'World Series'? 
Women in locker rooms: a controversy only to those uninvolved
Teddy McCarthy to Mick McCarthy, no relation, Mick McCarthy back to Teddy McCarthy, still no relation. The stopwatch has stopped. It’s up to God and the referee now. The referee is Pat Horan. God is God.  - Some gems from Micheál Ó Muircheartaigh, the voice of Gaelic Games 
I would be pumped as well.
Former NFL player battling headaches asks: Was it worth it? - chicagotribune.com
College Football is great... From the start of the 2008 season, old yes, but wtf?
I'm planning on going to Gameday in Auburn on Saturday. Any sign ideas?
Summing up the 2010 Seattle Mariners season [PIC]
Worst Fumble Ever.  Alternate title: You will not see a quicker reversal of fortunes in football than in this play. Guaranteed.
Washington Huskies coach Steve Sarkisian says Reggie Bush 'looks like an idiot' 
Dear ACC, can you give up football and stick with basketball?
Bear down, Arizona!  Arizona sacks #9 Iowa four times in a row on way to victory.
The Greatest Sport Story: The Other Dream Team
The Top 10 Most Awesome Football Announcer F*ck-Ups Of All Time [VIDEO]
Evil centaur creature to start at QB for the Buffalo Bills this Sunday. Pats still expected to win.
Which major pro sport has the highest percentage of douche bags? MLB, NBA, NFL, NHL, MMA? I know the NFL gets a bad rap but they do carry the largest rosters.
SEC teams gear up for conference play
Every NBA team getting new uniforms for 2010-11 season
Fireman Ed charged with simple assault for pushing Giants fan
If you don't know about snooker, here's Ronnie banging in the perfect frame, with controversy
Who in 'The League' drafted the best team?
(Former) Pittsburgh 18 yo DB hits and chockes girlfriend after she tells him she's pregnant.
Nick Saban's staff allegedly pressures players to take medical scholarships (forfeiting their right to play football) to free up spots on the roster
Bay Area anchor famous for Singletary interview gets the boot 
NC State is the only undefeated team in the ACC.  In other news, the ACC is horrible.
Chapman throws fastest pitch ever recorded (105 MPH) - Yahoo! Sports
DAE think the guy from NFL Red Zone looks like Howie Long's gay son?
Albert Haynesworth: I am not a slave - Shutdown Corner - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Help me figure out the best sport.
Question of blow out etiquette: Is it better to stop trying or to keep playing hard?
All fellow BCS haters, what are we rooting for this year? 
After 16 seasons of playing professional baseball, Mike Sweeney will finally be playing in the postseason. Notorious for his hugs, I don't think he can top this one.
Calling all Braves and Rays fans (with a side note to Nationals fans)
The NBA is giving the slightest nod to going green with some partially recycled uniforms. Hey, it's better than nothing! 
Building muscle mass with an old school squat technique that's hard as hell, but really works.
Meet Nebraska billion-dollar volunteer football coach Joe Moglia 
Devin Hester lays out A.J. Hawk
Coaches of two Pee-Wee Football teams fight at a game. Texas Executives suspend kids from post season football play, you know, to make them learn. Here is the Presidents email contact information.
If there is a better sports-related comedy routine than this, I've never heard it [video]
Possibly the best current sports rivalry: Florida vs. Alabama
Mike Ditka Suddenly Realizes He’s Not Coaching A Team | The Onion - America's Finest News Source
The only undefeated team in the NFL is the Chiefs.  
You've seen the amazing photo of Tiger Woods' Ryder Cup shot...but now look closer. It's so much better than you thought. [pics]
Announcer bias in the Redskins-Eagles game yesterday
A message to Philly fans
In darkest Australia, I have discovered the greatest name in all of sports.
100 Reasons to be excited for the MLB Postseason
Vikes close to acquiring Pats' Moss
FatYankeeFan.gif
Hide Yo Tigers (from Alabama fans) [pic]
Liverpool sold to Boston Red Sox owner

After a night of dramatic negotiations, John Henry, the owner of the Boston Red Sox, now also owns the Liverpool football team in England. How do Liverpool fans feel about that move?
Bud Selig is an absolute idiot!
Tom Brady, Deion Branch reportedly discussed the receiver's possible return to the New England Patriots - ESPN Boston
Brett Favre has a tiny penis
Kevin Durant declines LeBron James' invitation to party together, before they play against each other
Congrats to the Yankees on ALDS sweep of the Twins. That also makes for 12 consecutive playoff losses by the Twins at the hands of the Yankees.
I know you guys love trick plays, so here is some Canadian Turkey Weekend trickery.
Anyone interested in starting a reddit fantasy basketball league? 
Brooks Conrad commits 3 errors, two of which allow runs to score, in Braves 3-2 Loss to Giants in game 3 of the NLDS
How not to do an onsides kick
Female cornerback breaks Florida 6A football glass ceiling
ESPN's BCS projections: Boise State &amp; Oregon in top spots. That would sure make things interesting in college FB.
When you think sporting event, think Phanoto
From this week's SI: This story includes the names of 30 former college football players who are alleged to have taken money or some other extra benefit in violation of NCAA rules. Wow. This will rattle some cages and ruffle some feathers.
WSJ : You Won’t See a Better India Hockey Game Than This
LeBron James leaves Miami Heat game, limps off to lock room
What is the most hated sports commentator/personality in r/sports.
Hjalmarsson and Wisniewski: NHL discipline boss just doesn’t get it
Gilbert Arenas says he faked injury
High School Football Player in Wheelchair Scores Touchdown 
GIANTS ANTHEM 2010 DONT STOP BELIEVING
If the Rangers beat the Yankees... [GIF]
This chick is a mongoloid!!!
Is there a good place to find torrents of games? 
SDSU Got Screwed....Now Alumni NOT Allowed in Replay Booth
As a current Gator....
Due to popular demand (4 people?), there is now a fantasy basketball subreddit.  Come check us out
Football still isn't doing enough to prevent head and spine injuries like all these shown here, from just the past weekend.
My friend getting laid out in a college lax game.  Let's all laugh at him.  [7 sec. vid]
Junior Seau drives his suv off a cliff after being arrested for domestic violence.

 	
Prince Triple Threat Cloud Oversize Racquet $49.95 MSRP $100

Female high school kicker sets national record
When is a field goal worth only 1.5 points? [VIDEO]
Rangers DEMORALIZE Yankees.  The image of Mitch Moreland tagging home like he was grounding out the Yank's hopes &amp; dreams is so so so sweet.
To get to the Olympic Games, the International Sumo Federation has thrown its weight behind a form of the game that would offend purists and surprise most everyone else: women's sumo. 
LeBron James - I Love You Haters. Continue to make me proud of u guys!
NBA bans shoes due to 'unfair advantage'
Mark Schlereth sounds off on NFL's hypocrisy [vid]
2010 MLB Stadium Restroom Rankings. Surprise, surprise: Pittsburgh can handle the most shit.
This article on Mike Williams return to the NFL is one of the best I've read on ESPN.com
Anyone else think (regardless of fanship) that the umpires are doing an awfully terrible time umpiring Game 4 of the NLCS?
Sportscenter has nothing on this guy.
October 21, 1976 - The New York Knicks Retire Their First Jersey. Anyone think they know who it is?
Pistons attempt to give away 50 free season tickets...only 11 people care.
Peruvian soccer team, drugged by opposing team, faint on the pitch during their game.
When a quarterback says they're working on their 'footwork' what exactly is this referring to?
Oregon Ducks' offense...has there been a better offense in the modern era?
Former NFL player Mark Schlereth on recent NFL fines for hard hits:  'It's criminal to fine guys for what makes the sport popular!' 
My opinions on the unpopularity of Major League Baseball
Even though football helmets have been tested and modified to prevent skull fractures, they have never been proven fully adequate to protect against concussions. Oddly, the raw materials required to protect from skull fractures and concussions are different. 
Apparently money can't buy happiness
r/baseball and r/nfl have them, so could r/sports have custom icons next to your user name where you could choose your favorite team from any sport or sport itself?
Do Americans watch Team Handball? IMO it's one of the most suspenseful sports out there.
Bill Simmon's rarely ever takes a definitive stance on controversial issues, but when he does, he's always right.
Oops. 
Texas and Florida have to meet in a bowl game
You. Got. SCHOOLED.
It's confusing and unfortunate to me that people don't really see what we did ... Everything changed in that one hour.''
Top Ten NFL Douchebags (Is Favre Listed? Hmm....)
I don't usually hate on Justin Bieber...but fuck everything about this (Gets to wear one of Phil Jackson's rings)
For those of us keeping score at home last night, Kellen Moore threw for 2 td's, caught a td, and kicked a punt.
In Honor of the World Series Tonight...Enjoy the Worst Sports Moment of My Childhood. 
Keys to the World Series: The Giants may not be the best, and may not be the fastest, and may not hit or defend nearly as well; therefore, they should use that to their advantage. [Onion]
$2 Million+ Private Sports Collectible Collection that spans over 120 years finally up for sale

DAE think that football players are a lot less greedy and a lot more loyal than baseball players?
Coaching a Youth Soccer Team
Monta Ellis drops 46 pts 10 Asts vs Houston. (Most underrated)
London Mayor Boris Johnson Sets the British Stereotype Back a Decade
Rex Ryan's Halloween Costume Guide 2010
I love the idea that the Packers could be the team that ends Favre's consecutive games-played streak.
Put 'Em on a poster!! Hakim Warrick posterizes Paul Millsap and Raja Bell.
Meet Little Ron Washington [video]
Some tech-savvy folks have found ways to broadcast a cable TV feed onto the Web. Sports leagues aim to stop them.
Three days. It took three days of the NBA season for Delonte West to get in trouble again.
Who's your favorite Sportscenter personality?
The problem with the NBA
Liverpool owners looking to base transfer policy on baseball principles of statistical analysis 
Michigan Should Be Absolutely Ashamed of Themselves
I live in the Bay Area. Now that everyone is on the SF Giants bandwagon, I should have trick-or-treating as troll face and screamed Go Rangers! after taking their candy.
Wow, a fantasy football team made up of just former undrafted free agents would be pretty damn good.
Randy Moss has been waived by the Vikings.
SEC guy has something to say about west coast football
Barry Zito gets his first World Series Ring!!!!
Achievement Unlocked [PIC]
Is it just me or is Randy Moss the real life Kenny Powers of pro football?
What the hell has happened to the game of basketball I grew up with? Seriously. I guess I'm just old school in thinking extended, choreographed dances should be done at clubs or parties, not during pregame introductions.
If you're a Giants fan and you're taking Caltrain to the parade this morning -- you suck!
Andrew Bogut is a lonely man
In celebration of Movemeber he are the 20 greatest sports taches of all time
Utah's attorney general met with Justice Department on probe in to BCS bowl series. 
November 4, 1987-- The NBA takes their talents to South Beach 
Fantasy Football Trade Question. What do you think Reddit?
Arkansas just thumped S.C.
Great Sunday morning resource for last minute fantasy football start/sit questions
WTF NFL REFS!?
For a fleeting moment my jaw dropped to the ground...
Damn I didn't think Janikowski had THIS big of a leg.
Jerry Jones: I'm selling the Cowboys and buying this Youth Soccer team!
The look on his face is priceless.
It's 1pm (EST) on a Tuesday.  Why the fuck hasn't TMQ been posted yet? bahhhhhhhh
 I would like to have a white Southern coach coaching poor black players. LA Clippers owner
Idiot Baltimore Ravens RB Charms Way Out Of Ticket With Autograph, Brags On Twitter
Can the lakers make it to 72?
Huge blocker crashes into his own guy who recovered a fumble and could have returned a touchdown
I miss him all ready. NEED4SHEED
Dave Meggett sentenced to 30 years in prison
John Wall notches first career triple double / most assists ever in first six NBA games
Hey girls, think it's time to get back to cheerleading?
Florida Atlantic Football Announcer Melts Down On Air.
Michigan State and UNC are close to confirming a basketball matchup next year on an aircraft carrier
So when does he do it?
Bill Simmons: Note to ESPN.com: can we add a .500 Line graphic to our Heat Index that shows users if they're above or below .500?
Why wasn't this high-school kicker allowed to wear pink cleats?
QB Chad Pennington getting pumped after named started for the Dolphins up by rapping Eminem's Lose Yourself
Anheuser-Busch sues Major League Baseball
Join us on IRC at irc.freenode.net #redditcfb for real time college football discussion
Breaking down the NFL's bye week
In the wake of the Badgers' destruction of Indiana, I guess this is what ESPN now considers an edging
does anyone have a live stream of the latest pacman fight?
Try this: Re-watch Mayweather's racist rant against 
Pacquiao, then turn the volume to zero and watch 
his body language + facial expressions instead of 
listening to his trash talk. Dude is actually scared of 
Pacman!
The Sugar Bowl finished 2007 with $37 million in assets and turned an $11.6 million profit. What's more, the Sugar Bowl accepted $3 million from the Louisiana state government—this a year before it was announced that the state was running a $341 million shortfall in its budget.
Could someone point me to a place to...
Remember Calvin Johnson's heavily debated non-touchdown in week 1.  Here is the same play and now it is a TD.
What's Bozo doing on the Steelers sideline?
Everything that's wrong with College Football today. Sport always reflects what's going on in our society.
If you watch sports to see amazing athletes do amazing things, do yourself a favor and turn on the MNF game 
Follow the latest news from the best team in soccer in the r/barca subreddit. 
Roy Halladay wins the 2010 NL Cy Young, in his first year in the NL.
Unbelievable Miss Just Reinforces That There's No Scoring In Soccer
Asian lady makes 128 straight shots playing Pop-A-Shot arcade basketball.
Chad Dukes Rant On the Redskins 59-28 Loss
Like a Bosh
Greg Oden is the next Bill Walton
Ron Artest wants to play in the NFL. Wonder what his psychiatrist thinks about that?
Reddit: one of my favorite athletes of all-time, AJ Moye, an absolutely great guy, suffered a stroke recently and is in the hospital. Please keep him in your thoughts and prayers.
Matt Millen might be the worst commentator in the history of the world. 
My friends and I laughed hysterically when this happened. WTF is that thing that falls in his mouth?
For Northwestern Wildcats-Illinois Illini game at Wrigley, offense will use one end zone
Cam Newton Son of a Preacher Man
Celtics lose to Thunder at home with Durant not playing
New York Jets offer to host boy who allegedly was tackled by Browns fan - Los Angeles Times
SUGGESTION: Cable companies...I have a feature that would be a deal-breaker for me.
Duke fans chant Minne-sota after the Gophers knocked off the Tarheels
Blake Griffin Gets Beastly Against Knicks
Miami Heat lose to Indiana Pacers. 93-77.
Sports equivalent to the Anchorman line, 60% of the time it works every time.
Why people hate LeBron James
More publicity the Miami Heat don’t need, but they are in trouble
Yea, that's what I thought it would say
Terrell Owens reaches out to 6-year-old
Would Seymour have gotten a larger fine if he had hit Brady or Manning? Steelers wonder...
Blake Griffin. Boing!
By subscribing to r/NFL, r/NBA, r/Baseball, its evident Joe Buck is the hated commentator. Lets give love to our favorite sports broadcasters.
Do you want to see my power rankings? (NFL)
Where does the money from player/coach fines go?
TIL that you can be a top 6 or 7 team in the country, get an At-Large BCS slot, and have a grand total of ZERO wins against ranked opponents.
Michael Jordan's response to Lebron James' Rise Commercial
There is an awesome OT game on right now between the Bills and Steelers and for some reason CBS can't show it. Can someone explain to me WHY?
DAE really find the Indianapolis Colts with Peyton Manning as their QB boring to watch?
What is YOUR current BCS top 10 rankings?
Laugh all you want but I'm calling it now: Bears vs. Chargers in the Super Bowl
The Heat have to run the table if they want to tie the Bulls record.
Another classic press conference is born...
Gore out for year? Peterson hurt?  What running backs can help your fantasy team now?
The Miami Heat Aren't Just Bad, LeBron &amp; Co. Aren't Even Fun To Watch 
Why I Love Dwight Howard.....I mean Derek Anderson
Pau Gasol and Tim Duncan keep it smooth
One of the most fantastic pieces of sports 
journalism I have ever read. The truest insights 
into what LeBron meant to the city of Cleveland, 
and how they will prevail now that he is gone
http://www.heavensports.com/football/wild-celebrations-qatar-fifa-2022-world-cup-decision/
A highlight reel from one of the best players to come from a trade in the last 10 years.  They never game him a chance and now they can't stop him.
Racism Alive and Swell in NFL: I don't agree with the title of the article but it would be interesting to get redditor's thoughts on this subject.
I have the utmost respect for this franchise, the 
utmost respect for these fans, and, um, you know, 
just trying to continue the greatness for myself 
here in Miami and try to get better every day - 
LeBron The Chosen One James
Ben Roethlisberger Has a Broken Foot?
Harry Carry successor Dead!  
Red Sox Have Deal in Place for Adrian Gonzalez
Orlando Magic go on the road and beat the Pistons.... without Dwight Howard, Jameer Nelson, J.J. Reddick, or Mickael Pietrus. At least you have the Red Wings.
U. of Cincinnati mascot cited with disorderly conduct for behavior during football game.
So you're excited for the Oregon v. Auburn BCS National Title Game? Well get ready for...
Calipari cops a feel while getting upset by Carolina
University of Cincinnati Mascot Arrested During Game
DAE think that commentators don't credit the Indianapolis Colts faltering this season on the fact that they have a huge inordinate amount of injuries?
Nice graphical representation of final Coaches Poll Ballots @ USAtoday
You stay classy Los Angeles
The return of Drew.  Andrew Bynum back in practice with the Lakers, set for late December debut.
Although Peyton Manning has thrown 11 interceptions in 4 games, his statistical probability of throwing an interception per pass attempt is a mere 2%.
Josh McDaniels fired.  Sorry can't find a news article about it yet.
Raiders and Chargers fans fight in the parking lot
Michael Wilbon's fond farewell to The Washington Post
Do you want to come over and watch the game on my computer? ESPN says people are not leaving cable to watch sports online.
Does anyone remember this happening? Why is this piece of garbage still being paid to play football?
Basketball Home Crowds Should Make Noise On Offense, NOT Defense.
Rookie hockey player (who is black) needs to learn to play the white way... err..
Would you rather ride the bench on a championship-calibur team or get playing time on a bad to average team?
Meanwhile, another college football coach resigned yesterday.  Here's his resignation speech.  All TWENTY SECONDS of it.  Wow.  [vid]
I haven't enjoyed watching the Knicks this much in the last 10 years
Jenn Sterger says she wont sue the NFL as long as Brett Farve is suspended
How many points scored in NBA ever?!
Fuck Randy Moss
What if they combined football and baseball into one sport?
I'm 19 and I can barely touch net...(yet this 11-year old dunks!).
CBS Football Experts were 3-61 in Pick'em last week. That is all.
Phil Jackson to the Heat at the end of the season. Calling it now. 
Lovie Smith is currently at the Lakers vs. Bulls game. Would you be ok with your head coach being at a basketball game the Friday before one the of the biggest games of the season?
Meet GSP's Jap
With win over Nuggets, Knicks extend their streak, going 13-1 in their last 14.  Stoudemire breaks Knick record becoming 3rd player in last 20 years to have 8 straight 30-pt games.
Any other NFL fans find these divisional standings hilarious?  
Broken bats in Japan are being recycled into chopsticks
Clippers owner Donald Sterling, while sitting courtside, actually heckles Baron Davis and other Clipper players during games.  Unreal.
Apparently most of the stars of the Hawkeye Football team have a coke habit. [Read Comments]
Here's to not having to hear about this streak anymore on ESPN
At this point, this is how I view Brett Favre.
Jets coach trips Miami player during punt return?!
Cliff Lee signs with the Phillies
When is 5 for $100 &gt; 7 for $150?  When your name is Cliff Lee.
Chad Johnson actually changed his name to Chad Ochocinco... what other odd-ball sports facts boggle your mind?
Ending the Restriction on Trading MLB Draft Picks
Top D1 College Bball Names of All-Time ... any missing?
Careless Blazers Goofing Around With Basketball Shatter Greg Oden Into Thousand Pieces
If NFL owners choose to cancel the 2011 season, these are the players who stand to be hurt the most financially

Michael Vick misses having dogs, but dogs don’t miss Michael Vick
Indians legend Bob Feller dies at 92
Does Becks think he's Tom Brady now?
Kobe Bryant's newest haters: SoCal Armenian-Americans.  Bryant signed a deal with Turkish Airlines as a global brand ambassador.
In November 2009, Sallach received a blood stem cell transplant to treat non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma in San Antonio. He has since learned that the anonymous donor was Hoffman, who gave up the final football game of his junior season to undergo the donation procedure in Philadelphia.
Bronco fans are pissed, instead of starting Tebow they're sticking with Orton.
It's shit like this MMA (that makes me watch you).
This is how pathetic the NFC West is - Playoff possibilities for the Seahawks. 
Todays game reminded me of this - 'Daily Show' Asks Which City Has Douchier Fans: New York Or Philly? (VIDEO)
Love Him or Hate Him...Tim Tebow Played His Ass Off Today
DeSean Jackson's historic play according to Tecmo
Dan Connolly New England's 314 lb. Right Guard, 71 yard punt return
Desean Jackson's Game Winning Punt Return TD against the Giants.  Mike Vick Leads the Eagles to 28 points in the 4th Quarter Comeback Win.
Monday Night Football (little help here.)
I nominate this as the best fan celebration from last nights Eagles vs Giants game. 
Shaquille O'Neal, The Big Aristotle, conducts the Boston Pops Orchestra.
Insane Scramble, Hail Mary Win HS Championship
Shaun Ellis sued by a Seattle Seahawks fan for throwing a snowball at him
Lingerie Football League post-game bench-clearing brawl - Tampa Breeze vs. Miami Caliente
Women's College Basketball just beat a Men's College Basketball Record. UConn goes for 89 straight wins.
Devin Hester - if only it was as easy as you say
Phil Jackson to NBA: It's like Christian holidays don't mean anything to them anymore
A Fishing Reel is a winch like device with fishing line wound on a spool used to deploy, retrieve and store the fishing line in a manner that makes it easy to reuse the line without tangles and knots.... Read more about the history and types of fishing reels.
Jets Coach, Rex Ryan, really really likes feet. 
Stats say what rings suggested: Brady is better than Manning
Rex Ryan just might have a foot fetish.
LeBron calls the NBA watered down, and makes other controversial statements
You know about Gilbert Arenas the prankster and gunslinger. Learn about Gilbert Arenas, big brother to a DC kid who lost his mother and sister in a fire. 
John McCain wants to Ban Ultimate Fighting 
Georges St. Pierre once again the Canadian Athlete of the Year
WTH? Since when does a Bears game in crappy weather turn into a track meet?
Haters Gonna Hate, Backyard Brawl Edition
Baltimore Ravens, Ed Reed catches fire on the sideline...literally [video]
the dolphins now have the worst home record in the league, (1-7) but they're tied for the best road record (6-1).
Fantasy sports statistics taken to the next level.
Does anybody else simply hate the inside-of-a-machine-themed graphics they use on SportsCenter?
The kids like to skate. Check out this little video I randomly snapped up one night
 NBA Attendance Is Down – Again
Take it Down a Notch Tucker
Mixture Mug: Come in No 4! Barcelona keep Guardiola's old shirt clear as they make new year's resolution to sign Arsenal captain Fabregas
Now THIS is a real prank
Jim Tressel blackmails his players
I'm still trying to comprehend how the 6-9 Seahawks are 4 wins away from going to the Superbowl...
Behold the horrors of the 1996 Space Jam official website, in its unchanged glory.
Why the UCONN women's basketball team matters.
Son of ex-NBA player Nick Van Exel charged with capital murder - ESPN Dallas
Does anyone else wonder why the hell Jimmy Johnson is spokesperson for ExtenZe?
Surely, one of the best mascots in college sports.
What a University of Miami education will get you.
Victory.
Can anyone make this picture Packers themed and say Kuhn and friends??
7-9 Seahawks win NFC West
It wasn't a dream - Tom Jackson actually compared Favre to Mohammed Ali.
ESPN Announcer Pulled For Sweetcakes Comment
Laugh... fap... Laugh.... fap fap.... Laugh..... fapfapfapfapfap [NSFW]
I make a lot of good analytical points for ESPN.
NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell's Message to NFL Players and Fans: Drop Dead.
Am I crazy to think NCAA players should go on strike?
It was hard to decide, but after 17 weeks of football my favorite overall moment of the 2010 NFL season didn't happen on the field, but in a studio.
Why would the Carolina Panthers waste another first round pick on a QB when they took one last year??
So if someone leaves college early to go pro, can they come back when their career is over and use up their remaining eligibility?
ROLL TIDE!
Brett Favre graduates from the University of Wisconsin.
Which sports dynasty is most dominant in their respective Major League sport?
J.J. Watt of Wisconsin to Enter NFL Draft 
Dolphins humiliate Sparano, then keep him.
The economics of appearing in a bowl game and how some schools are losing millions because of them. 
Lacrosse Skills: Two of the best go shot for shot. (Nike commercial)
Jim Harbaugh has agreed to terms with the SF 49ers
San Francisco 49ers hire John Harbaugh's evil brother [pic]
Who here thinks the Colts DEFENSE will DOMINATE the Jets? 
Rex Ryan and Wife Make the Cover of Podiphilia Today!
I hope the Jets lose because Rex Ryan is a fat loud-mouth bitch.
It's a good thing Andrew Luck is staying at Stanford...Carolina would be terrible for him
SEAHAWKS ARE GONNA LOSE! SEAHAWKS ARE GONNA LOSE!
UH-OH!!  Elway's Not a Fan of ESPN's Favorite Player...Now How Will ESPN Get Tebow a Job???
Did anyone else notice that Lynch grabbed his junk as he jumped into the endzone?
Gerald Henderson Had his Career Best Night
Canadajuns Are Hyperstoked...
Kentucky fans are taking this Enes Kanter new in stride....
Marshawn Lynch's blog from his days with the Bills
NFL.com news: Hall of Fame announces 17 finalists for Class of 2011
Ryan Babel shouldn't be allowed to use Twitter
Did I miss something?  Is the BCS Championship Game really not going to be on broadcast television?
Check out this recap of the Seahawks vs. Bears game from earlier this year... Still think the Bears are lock???
Whichever side you're rooting for tonight. . .
Mixture Mug: 32 seconds into his first game after 20 years away... Kenny Kops it! After Ryan Giggs' spot kick, awarded after 32 seconds, earned Manchester United a fourth-round trip to Southampton, Dalglish, who is expected to make former Chelsea assistant..
Messi wins award for best footballer of the year.
Was this a weak year for college football?
Auburn wins the BCS championship.
At least our National Champion wasn't wearing these uniforms I guess.....
Aw, Burned
We shook the Earth!
Great run by Auburn that set them up for the winning field goal.
DAE think Blake Griffin's going to have all 10 of the top 10 dunks of the year? (xpost /r/NBA)
LeBron James' tweet during the Cavaliers' record loss to the Lakers on Tuesday was the talk of the NBA and was `just how I was feeling at the time.'
Bill Simmons: Solving the Carmelo Anthony situation
Jealous Bill Belichick Throws Acid In Tom Brady's Face
‎I think he is going to unleash hell on them. -Trent Dilfer on Tom Brady's on-field response to the Jets off-field comments
Best Running Back in Miami Hurricanes History- 2 Part Question:
The NFL Rivalry People SHOULD Be Talking About
Charles Barkley expounds on the racial implications of Blake Griffin jamming on people. 
Reggie Jackson to New York Jets: 'Shut up, play football'
Anyone else wonder about the double standard about trash talking?
You Call This A Dunk Contest?
Seahawks Are In Great Position For Super Bowl
McDonald's employee fired for letting Peterson use the restroom
I just really want Roger Federer to beat Nadal in the next 10 Grand Slam finals..Wishful thinking?
Do you like football? Chances are you're gonna like Handball too. World Championship is being played in Sweeden right now.
Brett Favre retires and I think it's for real this time.... Do you think it will stick?
Hopefully, Sal Alosi keeps his job.
1 million Legos + 2 years + 1 Buckeye's Fan = LEGO OHIO STADIUM
Greatest comeback in sports??
'The Olympic Games are a fraud. The whole history of the games is just full of corruption, cover-up, performance-enhancing drug use. It's not what the world thinks it is.'
The Case Against Lance Armstrong
And the NFL owners say they don't have enough money...
The NBA Allstar game relevant again?? I think so..
Is there anywhere on the internet to watch Live streaming video of professional American sports?
Greatest reply to a reporter's question: Mike Tomlin Responds to Bob Holtzman for writing an article about a trick play he saw in practice!
Interview Gone Wrong - Woodbrige caught about Iffy Text
Just a friendly reminder: /r/fantasybaseball is ready and waiting for pitchers and catchers to report for duty.
10 Year Old Parkour Phenom
Stay Classy, Kansas. 
Today Isn't A Good Day To Learn About Football Hunnie
Hit the PLAY button on this link if you are a Packer fan.....hell, Bears fans too.
The *real* Jets anthem
Sad but familiar story: Former NBA player falls into poverty. Unfamiliar coda: former teammates help him back on his feet
America Hates Joe Buck (And Here's the Proof)
Did Mark Sanchez just wipe a booger on Mark Brunell? 
Did Jay Cutler quit on the Bears? A lot of current and former NFL players seem to think so.
Steelers to the Super Bowl
Anyone else see this? Rashard Mendenhall gives Ben Roethlisberger some love during the AFC Championship game 01/23/11
NY Jets QB Picks His Nose, Wipes It on Teammate
Sad Cutler
Hopefully the Packers can give Big Ben a taste of his own medicine!
Super Bowl is seen by a billion viewers? How big actually is the Super Bowl worldwide?
Whoa! Engulfed! Cheerleader eaten alive by mascot
Sports As Politics (Cross-Post From Politics)
Settle down Bears fans, it's not all that bad. At least you don't have to listen to hundreds of horrible remakes of the Superbowl Shuffle 
Cromartie still running his mouth.  This time about players union and the league.
Maybe the Jets would have won if they listened to Metallica instead of Megadeth
This is exactly what 'Around the Horn' on ESPN sounds like to me
Colin Cowherd explains why you don't trash talk the Steelers, and compares them to GWAR. 
Iowa Football Players Complained About Brutal Workouts Before Mass Hospitalization
What Exactly Is a Gay Jump Shot?
Check out the dunk at 1 minute and 30 seconds
The man in the middle has a killer 'stache; the elf on the right has a statue in Tuscaloosa.
Portland Trailblazers trade $4 million in cash to Clippers for $6 million in cash. [VIDEO]
Clay Matthews' football career has seen more rejection than the fat kid at prom.
Greatest NFL Beards of All-Time.
MLB umps call pitches around the corner of the plate with &gt;50% accuracy
In honour of NHL All Star weekend...
Now here's some fellas who know how to party with the ladies
Ford Mustang Rumored To Appear In 2013 NASCAR Sprint Cup Series
Kevin Garnett nut-punches Channing Frye, gets himself ejected.
39 shot rally
Steve Lavin's St. John's team is currently spanking Duke. This is his wife. That is all.
Chicago sportscaster dances and does head stand during DUI arrest
Seedy truth that lies behind the shaming of a football club - And 8 years on he's now manager of Crawley Town,, the non-leaguers who have made it to R5 of the FA Cup vs Man Utd. Something fishy?
Gentlemen, I humbly submit my Big Monday head poster
Ridiculous!  Cavs this year project to 14 wins, 47 fewer than last year's 61.  Hard to come up with a definition of what the award should mean where LeBron isn't the MVP.
Liverpool succeed with 35m bid for Andy Carroll - ESPN Soccernet
Sean Taylor didn't subscribe to the NFL Pro Bowl's soft hitting mentality
There are a bunch of things I was glad to see the NHL got right with their All-Star Weekend but there are also a few parts of it I would like to see changed:  
Giants fans plan to use a plane to taunt the Dodgers for Season Opening Series
Fernando Torres v Andy Carroll: will Liverpool be better off if they sign the Newcastle forward in place of Torres? - Telegraph
When did The Onion become our best source of social commentary? African-Americans Go From Being No Good At Sports To Being Only Good At Sports
Madden '11 predicted the winner of the Suber Bowl and the winner is.....
Homeless couple in Green Bay win trip to Super Bowl XLV - Shutdown Corner  - NFL&amp;nbsp; - Yahoo! Sports
My illustrated thoughts on the Super Bowl vs any other Sunday
I think I speak for all Eagles fans when I say, What the fucking fuck? Juan Castillo, offensive line coach, promoted to Eagles defensive coordinator. 
Hines Ward -   To say the league really cares? They don't give a f*ck about concussions.
I don't really care about the Penguins, but this was just awesome
Why does a sport as tough as football have a reputation for being sissy worldwide?
For all the Packer fans out there... we yelling, Go Pack Go!
.01 Take That Laker!
If NFL teams wore soccer uniforms...
Jared Sullinger Sinks Blind, Backwards Shot From Half Court Before the Ohio State vs Michigan 
This baby does not like Big Ben...
This is Darryl Boyce of the Toronto Maple Leafs' nose. This happened last night. He'll be playing tomorrow.
The Cleveland Cavaliers haven't won since December 18th.  They haven't won in regulation since November 27th.  They haven't won on the road since November 9th.
Why does the Super Bowl have so little success in finding an audience outside North America?
Ring Ring Ring, Ring Ring Ring...Hello?
Former Michigan Wolverines quarterback Tate Forcier narrows transfer options: Considering K-State, Washington, Arizona, Miami and Montana
Man runs 365 marathons in 365 days.
Alabama's don't-tell policy hurts Saban's oversigning defense
The Cheesehead's Prayer
Amusing superbowl prop bets
I'm a Wisconsinite and Packer Fan who is currently living in a village in Europe. Where is the best place to watch the Superbowl live online tonight?
A Close Super Bowl? Don't Bet on It. - Nate Silver 
Warriors basketball at its finest. 70 foot alley-oop

400 Super Bowl fans sent home because seats unsafe

In honor of the SuperBowl I present Zombo.com.
Dear yanks, as much as I love football (soccer) I think the super bowl is amazingly entertaining. Usher falling from the sky and 200 white guys dancing all over the place is awesome. I wish they'd do this for the champions league final.
Joe Buck's Very True Not Lying I Swear Education Story (Still mostly seen at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joe_Buck)
Live from Green Bay....
Bodog just posted odds to win 2012 Super Bowl XLVI: Packers 7/1, Patriots 8/1, Steelers 10/1, Chargers 12/1, Colts &amp; Ravens 14/1, Cowboys 16/1
While most of you suffered through the Black Eyed Peas, my friends and I watched this
Go Packers!
For all of you trying to ride the upboat up the stream, my condolences go out to you.
Hey r/sports, what was your favorite superbowl commercial?
An Inside Look at the USA Football vs. World Game
Best National Anthem I've ever heard
There were some really funny tweets during the game last night.  Here's some of my favorites.
That was the first Super Bowl where neither team had cheerleaders.
Philadelphia Eagles' Michael Vick gets key to city in Dallas ceremony - ESPN Dallas
Why didn't the steelers go for 2 point conversion at 21-16
Flash Mob During MU vs KU Game
Coach Stilo: Bringing the “Other Football” to the World
Cavaliers Jealous Of Wizards 8-Game Losing Streak 
Someone's suing Jerry Jones already for the Super Bowl Ticket snafu...for more than $5 million Good luck, sir.
Hope I am not the only bocce fan out there. Love this game.
Great article from Sports Illustrated about Jake Plummer walking away from the NFL.
Video: Rutgers shocks Villanova with 4 point play to win.
Blake the Bully throws down a sweet 180 baseline jam vs the Knicks last night
Landry Fields Tries to Sell His Own Jersey at Modell's (posing as an employee)- FUNNY VIDEO
Packer fan from Rome wished upon a star, and his dreams came true - Amazing Story!
Is F1 driver Robert Kubica real!!?? I'm yet to see a photo of him where he doesn't like a CGI... 
Ski flying world record
It says something about a franchise when Terry Bradshaw is its most insightful representative.
Islanders Crush Penguins, 9-3 - ESPN Video - ESPN
The NHL has been AWESOME lately, scoring frenzy, another goalie fight, along with multiple fights and suspensions. 
/r/Sports. I just want to say how damn good it feels to live in Wisconsin right now. That is all.
Perfect No More -Ohio St Loses
Justin Bieber's ringtone is Mike Gundy's I'm a man! I'm 40! rant ಠ_ಠ
For anyone who likes sports I suggest you tune into the Rugby sevens tournament.
More bad news for the Redskins
Points wins Pebble Beach with Murray at his side
 Panthers owner disses Manning, Brees - “We signed a [expletive] deal last time and we’re going to stick together and take back our league and [expletive] do something about it,”
Clayton Kershaw and the 10 Best Lefty Starters in Dodgers History
Anyone else have a huge crush on Angela Sun from Yahoo! sports minute?
NBA troll face
If you haven't seen John Wall's high school highlights, do your self a favor and join the other 4.5million who have. (The best four minutes on youtube)
It really doesn't get any lower...
Oregon player shatters backboard with buzzer-beating dunk
Manu Trollnobili
Lance Armstrong retires from cycling - permanently this time
13 Bizarre Ways Pro Athletes Got Fined
Trump Considers Buying New York Mets
February 24th is getting pretty close...
Sometimes I dream that he is me.  You've got to see that's how I dream to be.  Like Will.  If I could be like Will Purdue.
what it felt like to be an arsenal fan yesterday
[Wuss] wrestler backs out of state state championship match because he was [afraid] to face a girl.
Iowa wrestler makes it to the state finals, finds out his opponent is a girl, and forfeits.
Apparently Danica Patrick is REALLY Indecisive
Nets, Nuggets Reach Tentative Agreement pending Carmelo Anthony signing $65 million extension 
Ever Wandered Just How Ridiculous the Yankees' Pay Roll Is?  Look at this chart showing each team's most paid player, compared to the number of Yankees making the same or more
An Australian Rubdy team has some fun with the trick shot video craze
Where the NFL makes it easier for kickers to get paid.. 
Its so crazy to me that the NFL has such an impact on OTHER sports, but man I do love Football.
Why do they compare sports to chess?
Jay Cutler (Bodybuilder) trains chest
So i wanna start watching rugby 
DAE feel totally repulsed by Lebron dancing in the State Farm ad and will never, ever, click on the link?
Justin Bieber somehow manages to become MVP of the NBA All-Star Game...
The latest addition to the New York Knicks. 
Carmelo Anthony goes to the Knicks
26 years later, Caltech wins a game in its own conference
Guaranteed this play would be running non-stop if it involved an ACC or Big East basketball team.  Amazing steal/buzzer-beater finish [vid]
Reddit, my son is due in a few weeks. I want to have him fill out a bracket. Please help me with a valid method that he can makes all of the picks with minimal assistance from me.
Google’s YouTube in Talks to Stream NBA, NHL, Soccer Games Live
Why are European soccer commercials 1000x better then the commercials we have in the US? 
Kobe Bryant in a Turkish Airlines commercial
Hey /r/sports, I remembered I had these NBA trading cards from the 90s back home, anybody know anything about that kind of stuff?
ive been noticing a trend of negative links in regards to soccer, so i thought i'd post something more positive and badass
The United Countries of Baseball
You have been doing what?
Tim Duncan and his backboard jumper
I love soccer.  I really do.  But this...wow
You just got knocked the fuck out!
Faking it: Everything I hate about soccer
 The Strange History Of Height In The NBA
I see what you did there..
Bosh takes a dive, well played sir. 
Brett Keisel shaves his beard for charity.
This kid is the shit at wrestling, head locks and leg craddles....at age 7
I couldn't find this on youtube but it was so amazing I couldn't wait to post it... possibly one of the top plays of the year so far courtesy of Nick Young.
Dwight Hardy, recruited by St. John's, had to spend a year in NC &amp; two years at community college in Iowa to improve his game &amp; grades. He finally got a chance to join St. John's as a junior, and is expected to be named Big East Player of the Year, and possibly an All-American.
Happy birthday James Worthy! NCAA and NBA basketball champion turns 50.
...then ran a bye, before Swann picked up two. But with two needed off the last ball for victory, Swann’s drive was intercepted at extra cover and England had to make do with a single to finish on 338 for eight. Um, the greatest cricket game ever?
How do Thunder fans compare to the rest of  the NBA?
Step 1: Complain because no stars will compete in the dunk competition. Step 2: Complain when a star competes in the dunk competition.
MLB Dream Job Contest (no salary mentioned)
Shaq's Rookie year mix
World Longest Dunk
Are we still trying to get Barry Bonds to admit using steroids? 
Now this is what I call an extreme sport. speedflying
Oregon's new basketball court has trees on it. Looks like a pile of puke to me.
Brandon Davies kicked off BYU basketball team for... WTF???
I'd say that's a fair assessment, Wikipedia
It sounds like it'd be fun to be on the football team @ Tennessee. 
Is it possible for there to ever be a better NBA player than Chamberlain? 
This kid a complete badass, 5 year old wrestler is the man
Think the QB trick shots were cool? Long snapper trick shots accepts the challenge
BYU basketball player suspended for having sex with his girlfriend - sports world shocked – and impressed
Student basketball star suspended for pre-marital sex
NFL labor negotiations extended for a week. Here's why you shouldn't give a rat's ass one way or the other
Can't wait! until this guy sues someone who doesn't wait for permission to use his trademark
Celtics sign Miami's waste.. Carlos Arroyo about to play with 2 seperate big 3's in one season..
Video froze in an interesting place
Sabermetrics Guy vs Non-Sabermetrics Guy
kid could be a beast
Khanty-Mansiysk - the capital of the world biathlon for two weeks
It's come to this: More African-Americans were elected to Congress as Republicans last November than appeared in the World Series.
VCU ends No. 25 George Mason's 16-game win streak
The Chicago Bulls Do Not Use Google Translate
Miami Heat crying in their locker room
What are the best seats you've ever had at a professional sporting event?
NHL Gambling Picks &amp; League Insights!  Currently boasting 16-5 record, check it out if you have any interest in the NHL or gambling.  
r/sports what interesting, record breaking, famous, or infamous sporting events have you attended? 
Heat Fan Here
Notre Dame won't use lifts for filming 
BYU and their hypocritical Honor Code double standard
Scumbag Tiki
Ross Taylor hits 7 sixes and 4 fours in 16 balls. Insane. CRICKET!  
Blake Griffin is hyping Jordan Cameron, a guy I went to high school with???
Los Angeles Lakers Kobe Bryant takes no pleasure in Heat's struggles - ESPN Los Angeles
Why don't the NBA and NHL talk about bringing the Concorde out of retirement and using it for European and/or Asian expansion?
Yeah, these are my second and third string running backs! Skol Vikings!
I feel like every fucking time I see what looks like a cool article on ESPN.com, I click it and I get this
Uconn's Kemba Walker hits shot at the buzzer to beat #3 Pittsburgh
LSU's take on Jim Tressel.
You Stay Classy Philly
NFLPA files to decertify as a union; labor dispute headed to court.
Greatest ass whooping in Hockey Goalie history: Cloutier fucks shit up
This pretty much sums up the Miami Heat's defensive potential...
One of the best pictures I've seen.
UWs PAC10 winning buzzer beater
I submit that we should do a Reddit NCAA bracket challenge.
Gus Johnson: The Voice of March
Napoli, tutto sulla vicenda Mazzarri
Wow, is Tony Hawk the new Tiger Woods?
Ottavi Champions,Bayern Monaco-Inter risulato parziale
Anyone else not able to tell the difference between espn and onion sports dome?
Damn It All!
I'm starting a petition right here to remove Donald Sterling as owner of the LA Clippers. Let's share links and horrible stories about him right here until he's gone.
I guess someone at ESPN had sex with Alex Trebek's 
mother
Randy Moss has short-term amnesia, wants to go back to the Patriots
oh, hipster cat...
Good Men Picks: NCAA March Madness — Why you should root for San Diego State
NBA players live in the public eye, but several Los Angeles Clippers managed to quietly pay for a coach's life-saving operation seven years ago. Their good deed only recently came to light.
Anybody else love when streaming sports are LEGALLY free? Go Bruins!
Is anyone still 100% on their bracket after this?
Champions League, sorteggio di Nyon dice Inter-Schalke
Pronostici e presentazione Lazio-Cesena 30° turno di Serie A
The man, the myth, the legend, Tom Brady
The Cougars dropped Brandon Davies for one reason only: anonymous snitches run the show at BYU
Where's the love for high school basketball tournaments?  Here's my favorite story of this year's tournaments in Indiana
American football - The owners take a punt - More money, more problems for the National Football League 
Serie A,Palermo-Milan 1-0 Goian stende il Milan
Serie A, 30^ giornata Napoli-Cagliari ultime e formazioni
When it seems like NCAA treats their players more like grown men than the NBA
Big 12? Not so hot.
Italia,ecco i convocati di Prandelli per la Slovenia
TIL: The Florida State basketball team starts a 26 year old at Forward.
The Way I Most Often Feel As A Sports Fan
Phillies pass Yankees and Red Sox to become #1 team in fan loyalty, Patriots lead NFL
nash is such a good passer, he can throw a fish directly into shaq's mouth
Baseball's starting! Wakey, wakey...
Finally, proof that Blake Griffin is a human.  Amazing block by Javale McGee. [vid]
Phillies Have Entered a World of Pain-Lidge, Utley to the DL
Gus Johnson makes everything better
Only one #1 seed advances to the Elite 8. Is this the first time in history?
Albert Pujols' $114 million: What did it buy? (wish I could get $73,273 per game)
In case you aren't watching, Butler and Florida are 
in overtime right now. What a crazy tournament for 
Butler, I really hope they pull it out.
Dave Duerson, former NFL and Notre Dame star, dies by suicide. Near the end, he couldn't even spell, and requested his brain be examined for CTE, a degenerative disease many football players have. Should American football be legal?
Madness on the streets of VCU after the win!
BBC News - Girl wins Oxfordshire World Pooh Sticks Championships
BBC Sport - Football - England squad is full of leaders - James Milner
Monday, Monday
Come on KG, not on the floor...
What the hell is wrong with hockey fans?
For Ben Francisco and the Phillies, The Time is Now
Fox may televise high school football games if NFL locked out next year
Auburn football
Lame: Butler's Matt Howard has 9 siblings and Colts owner Jim Irsay offered to fly the family to Houston for the game. NCAA said no. 
ESPN shows why Florida shouldn't have a baseball team...let alone 2.
Wichita State defeats Alabama to win the NIT title.
Lionel Messi scores twice on one shot
4th Official holds up Durex!
NIT or Womens NCAA… Which would you watch?
I'm at work right now going through a bunch of old footage and I came across this.  Feels bad man.
If You Hate The Miami Heat, Root For The Celtics To Win Now
Seriously the best dunks I've ever seen.
La Derby Della Madonnina ..... only hours away live on FSCHD and Fox Deportes
Dennis Rodman to be inducted into the Hall of Fame.
Madden NFL 12 will show players receiving concussions and being sidelined after sustaining one
Has anyone else noticed how much better mlbtv is than nbatv?
Keep it classy, VCU fans.
Matt Hardy on the cover of the new Spanish-language wrestling magazine Pressing
Did anyone ever play MLB Showdown?
So why is it harder to shoot a basketball in a dome? 
Question for Yankee fans from New York...
What's the deal with these conflicting reports about Steve Nash and whether or not his wife had Jason Richardson's baby?
Anybody else just see Carlos Delfino cop a feel on Erik Spoelstra's ass? (0:35)
Classy lady!
Is anyone else a fan of Jim Rome, but hate the smack-off?
B0-5ton
Looks like MLB baseball may have been taking steroids too...I wonder if they'll take the 5th in congress too?
Just got back from the phillies game 
Maybe MLS fans are not highbrow after all...
Manny Ramirez retires!
The Red Sox win a game!  The Red Sox win a game!
Ask a Pink Hat
If NFL players had to interview for Regular Jobs..
Michael Phelps Came In Second In Something.  Lost a race he's come in first since 2002.
Greatest Cubs Fan of All Time
Kronum: a Mashup of Basketball/Soccer/Quidditch
Top 4 Stanley Cup Pretenders and Contenders
For those of you not yet completely over Jenn Sterger, here is a breakdown of her Good Morning America interview
Found a writer in Western PA who wrote that a Giants fan,viciously beaten into a coma at a Dodgers game, DESERVED what he got. This is my response. It isn't nice.
John Steigerwald’s incomprehensibly bad article about Bryan Stow (the Giants fans beaten to a coma by Dodgers fans) proves author to be clueless, heartless hack
A very drunk cubs fan on opening day
DAFUQ is Giants closer Brian Wilson doing in the NHL playoff picture?!?!... I guess he really is THAT AWESOME. 
Great Article Regarding BYU's Honor Code
Kobe: Gay slur should 'not be taken literally'
NBA fines Kobe Bryant $100,000 for gay slur
Kobe Bryant fined $100,000 for gay slur against ref
I side with BYU on this issue. If you don't want to be disciplined for violations of your school's honor code then it's time to grow up and stop being black. 
Blog: Does BYU have a dishonorable code when it comes to its Honor Code enforcement and black male athletes?
Preview clip of Norm MacDonald's new show with Blake Griffin.
The only thing I have to show all these idiots debating about Kobe's use of the F word....
For all the Habs Fans! MTL Standup!
Gruden's QB Camp: Cam Newton [vid] 
I slept in the bar last night so I could be there when it opened -- Epic Interview with a Totally Bombed Cubs Fan on Opening Day
On Jordan: Maybe the greatest athelete ever to play any sport...He's just not a basketball player. - Bill Cartwright
Terry Francona's inspirational speech before today's Red Sox game
Kenya's Geoffrey Mutai wins Boston Marathon in 2:03:02 (the fastest marathon ever run) 

Jemmie Johnson Leads with the closest victory in NASCAR Talladega Aaron’s 499 Sprint Cup 2011 (Video)
Heat + Bulls took care of business as expected last night.  Who do Redditors think is the favorite that is most likely to lose Round 1?
Muscle memory is a bitch. This is why you don't have a striker come back and cover for a defenseman
Mike Leake.  Professional idiot.
Hey /r/sports, how do I learn enough about sports to really enjoy following them this late in the game? I don't know where to start. 
MLB to take over the Dodgers
White guys in black athletes family pic
LA Times reports that Sacramento Kings expected to STAY!
What sport has the best (and worst) refs?
Me back in 2003 with the Stanley Cup
3.2 seconds, two touches = fastest goal in soccer history.   
Took you long enough, Boston!
Not the correct use for a rally towel
It's an ad for a camera, I guess, but still awesome: Ski jumping off of a cliff!
The world's shittiest journalism
Another challenger appears!  Gunnar Legas, 7th grader from Provo, Utah posts his QB trick shot video
As an American this is how I view the game of cricket and its rules.
Judge halts NFL lockout
J.R. Smith's amazing full length football style trick shot in warm ups before game 3.
If you're playing tennis with your partner, should you play down to her level?
Mike Wilbon chastised Russell Westbrook with his decision making down the stretch last night. I think Westbrook wanted to show he is as good as KD, but fact is KD can shoot better and is a better late game option
Tony Allen and The Memphis Grizzlies Success
Blake Griffin Starring in The Sports Show might be the funniest thing I've seen today
Damn it feels good to be a Canucks fan
Which player on your favorite team do you despise?
Great ESPN story on Chris Paul: The lessons of Nathaniel Jones
Chilling words from Marcellis Williamson, a 23-year-old Ohio Bobcats defensive tackle who died Tuesday: I am blessed to have waken up this morning!! Enjoy today because tomorrow isn't guaranteed!!
Remember the worst brawl in NBA history.
Hawks upset &amp; eliminate Magic
Gloria Allred's press conference for baseball coach's gay slurs gets weird
The highest earning sports teams are surely Yankees or Cowboys...nope its....soccer?
James says being called a quitter last year is corny. Seriously, Lebron? It's corny?
With David Stern killing the NBA with stupid rule changes, awful franchise relocations and a lockout at the worst possible time and Roger Goodell locking out the most successful sport in America AND coming off as a major douche, is it possible that Bud Selig is the best now?
My sport is better than your sport. Why doesn't everyone understand that?
The real reason American men hate soccer: Because soccer's biggest stars look like this
The San Francisco Giants broadcaster just drew this, is that what I think it is?
Osama's dead, can we go get Brady now?
The AC Milan jersey for next season.
Calvinball is here!
Osama's death is the perfect time for that US Soccer jersey
8 Division I Basketball Programs To Get Funky New Homecourt Floor Designs...Gotta Love UNLV's!
The Wire + NBA Playoffs
Lebron or Kobe: Who is more clutch in game winning situations?
took a little digging but i figured out why McCutchen sucks balls this year
Rashard Mendenhall says he questions the reality of the 9/11 attacks, says that people might not rejoice in Osama's death if Americans had actually heard him speak.
NCAA, Y U NO...
Stay away from Lakers fans tomorrow
Australian rules football player breaks leg in the most disturbing fashion. [NSFL]
Well, Grizzlies fans certainly aren't lacking confidence. 
Finally Isiah Is Done with the Knicks. Now Knick fans won't need to chant FIRE ISIAH next year!
My take on the Flyers in the playoffs so far
Rick Reilly is wrong. Very wrong.
Former #1 golfer Seve Ballesteros passes away
Novak Djokovic pushed to the limit as he extends winning streak to 30
Sturm's Morning After: Game 3 - Mavericks 98, Lakers 92 (3-0) (x-post from /r/dallas)
Verlander throws no-hitter!
What is wrong with Russell Westbrook?
Dallas ties playoff record 20 3 pointers in game 4 rout, sweep Lakers.
Anyone see the new ESPN magazine cover?  I think I want to throw up...
What do you give the man who has everything?
Lightning Fan - HOA Story makes Front Page on Yahoo (x-post from /r/hockey)
Moving doesn't have to be boring. Let's make it a sport's game.
Kobe Bryant has been named to the league's All-Defensive First Team for the 9th time, tying Michael Jordan and Gary Payton for most all-time.
Phil Jackson corrects Rick Carlisle about peyote.
KC Star reporter voluntarily gets hit with a pitch after writing that Wilson Betemit should have taken one for the team with the bases loaded.
Celtics eating corn dogs forever.
I think I just became a fan of Sean Avery (New York Rangers)
This is what the Mavs did to the Lakers.
From the not-shocking-at-all department: FIFA accepted bribes in naming Qatar 2022 WC Host
Would Danica Patrick be accepted into NASCAR if she wasn't attractive? 
Failski.
Some People Are Lobbying To Make Pole Dancing An Olympic Test Sport
Tiger withdraws after 9 holes at The Players Championship
San Jose Sharks take out Detroit Red Wings 4-3.  Final 4 teams in the playoffs: Tampa Bay Lightning v. Boston Bruins/ Vancouver Canucks v. San Jose Sharks
Just noticed I got on this morning's ESPN, but I can't find it online.
Tiger Woods is the modern day Mickey Mantle
Douchiest athlete on the planet is actually a good guy
Hottest MMA Chick Staredown Ever
The Bulls will play their most important game in 13 years on Sunday. The Heat are right where people expected them to be at the start of the season. ECF Preview: Bulls/Heat
This is The Best Thing I've Seen in a While
This girl has nasty stuff.
Sick of it?
ESPN is still on top of things - Pappa dukes retired almost before ESPN.com even went live.
According to Forbes, 3 out of the top 10 Most Influential Athletes are NASCAR drivers. really? 
Best sports reporter ever. (xpost from videos)
Sarah Silverman on the topic of LSD for pitchers.
Table Tennis WC 2011: Timo defeats Chen Qi in Quarter-final (interview with Timo), Wang Liqin done in by Zhang
This has to be one of the most unlikely things to happen in baseball
Fire him...problem??
Sergio Ramos #2-Ajax goalkeeper Marcus Stekelenburg drops trophy off bus and fan runs off with it. CLASSIC. 
Who do you all like in Dallas vs. OKC Series?
Hidden ball trick in Lacrosse
the kid who sank the greatest buzzer beater in ncaa tourney history just become the coach of that school - this is the shot
Talk shit about Cleveland, and that is what you get.
For those of you wondering why r/ESPNInsider was banned...
Dirk has record setting performance at FT Line and all around amazing game!
AMA - Baroness Grey-Thompson in her third i-MP video discusses the recent 'Hardest Hit' march and the release of the Paralympic Tickets along with answering questions from her social media followers. Post questions below for her 4th Video.
Montreal restaurant fined $89,000 for showing support for the Habs
Awww...LeBron has a cold, you guys
Why do professional sports' fans shout DEFENSE and other phrases, while college fans just yell?
How I feel about the Yankees bullpen after Rivera blew the save last night.
Former Prodigy Roams the Streets With Memories
The THRASHERS are not officially moving to WINNIPEG yet
Reyes or Jeter?
Magic Johnson's ESPN commercial on his greatest moment. 
Ray Lewis, you're scaring me again.
Why are baseball and football so patriotic and 
closely involved with the military?
Watching the Bulls/Heat game online.  Am I missing where to watch the regular broadcast?  I don't care about Action Cam.
One reason I feel lucky to be alive right now: Lionel Messi
Charles Barkley has had just about enough of the Heat fans.
I broadened my sporting event experience this weekend.  After attending, I don't know why this sport isn't more popular in the US!
Pole Toppling
I'm Sorry but it Needs to be Said.
He's the German Moses!
Candid picture of Dirk post game 4
video - Is this the greatest pro wrestling finishing move of all time?
Sir Charles Gives Heat Fans The Big Middle Finger (video)
Bruins put up signs making fun of Tampa Bay fans, calling them old and non-existent. Tampa Bay radio host urges folks to call and complain. Leads to death threats for Bruin staffers. Boston fans react.
Mavericks v. Thunder Game 4 [comic version]
Congrats Canucks
sad to say but id probably do the same thing haha...camera man gets caught checkin out women at heat/bulls game
Manchester United legend Eric Cantona's best goal
Did SportsCenter just reference We Were Promised Jetpacks!!??
What's wrong with American Youth Soccer that rewards mediocrity rather than player development? Also applies to other youth sports.
Mike Brown new Lakers coach. ESPN
More evidence surfaces of Barry Bonds using heart-enlarging steroids...
A championship or sex with a celebrity/supermodel?
USC Loses Appeal, Must Serve Second Year Of Postseason Ban
What's so bad about college athletes getting cash and goods from outside donors, or from the school for that matter?
How would you argue this?
Stuff like this makes you want to side with the owners...
Ya'll didn't even know he was a VIRGIN until he was 28, Roll Tide...
First (and probably only) sub to /sports... listen to the commentator in this bulls/heat espn recap (lol)
TIL: Jerry Buss has a PhD in chemistry
/r/Sports - What sports website do you use? I'm f'ing tired of espn.com
Video from awhile back of Jalen Rose sticking it to Skip Bayless. DAE HATE Skip Bayless?
A little late, but the top 5 reasons the Heat are gonna win (hope you speak Spanglish)
Roger Federer beats fellow Swiss Stanislas Wawrinka 6-3 6-2 7-5 to reach quarter-finals of the French Open
Royals catcher does a impersonation of Kansas City Royals fans after another loss
Love it when Ozzie gets to ranting and raving...
The best article i've read thus far on the OSU situation (Truth about OSU football)
College baseball Bracket Challenge
NHL done in Atlanta and moving on to Winnipeg

so now that shaq has retired, what's everyone's favorite shaq moment?
Adam Jones just made one of the best catches I've ever seen.
Am I the only one who thinks the shit has hit the fan at Ohio State?
Why don't American fans sing along to the US National Anthem during sporting events?
Stanley Cup Finals have been amazing so far!
Guy does a kickflip on a surfboard
Check out the name of the missile from this photo taken in 1957.
I was convinced the Big Ten abandoned their horrendous new division names. Apparently not.  Here's the pompous assclown who though it'd be a good idea. 
Anybody else still remember this?
'The Spirit of Rugby' Trailer (a Reddit Birthday post!)
AMA Request: Someone who has worked for ESPN
Top 10 most unsportsman-like moments in sports.
Nathan Horton gets decked in Game 3 of Stanley Cup Finals.
Someone had to do it...
Terrelle Pryor done at Ohio State!
Pryor leaves OSU
Lebron's hairline
Why does offensive basket interference even exist in basketball?
Imagine if Dwayne Wade played soccer...
Bill Simmons on Grantland launch: We're not going to chase page views
Looks like the Texas Rangers are a stand up team.
Ten of the best late-round MLB draft picks: A fan's take
LeBron was bad in Game 4. How confident are you that he will or will not bounce back before this series is over?
Hey /r/sports, what's the rediquette on spammers in here? Because I believe we may have one...
Chalmers is pretty clutch
Are there any true Miami Heat fans here? All I see is hater blogs against them...
The Human Heatipede (LeBron eating Dwades poop)
Tim Thomas totally looks like Zach Galifianakis with a beard.
This has become an instant comedy classic within the span of a week.
Lebron's Talents Found At Baggage Claim In South Beach
Cael Sanderson is back competing in wrestling! Here's him pinning Chris Pendleton at the world team trials (not too many pins at this level of competition)
Ruler on Ice wins the Belmont Stakes.  If you had purchased a winning $2 superfecta ticket (correctly place the first 4 horses to cross the finish), you would have won $74,000. 
This year's NBA Finals bring best ratings since early 2000s, but still pale in comparison to 1998 (Bulls/Jazz)
Jimmy Kimmel pranks Ron Artest. Hilarious.
Despite the referees' best efforts (33 free throws to 18), there's an NBA championship celebration in South Beach
Maybe Dan Gilbert (the owner of the Cleveland Cavaliers) was right last year with his Promise
Dallas Mavericks Owner Mark Cuban: Our fans just punked the sh*t out of Miami's fans 
/sp/'s reaction
Back from the dead for one last elbow drop
Hitler finds out LeBron James and the Heat choked in the 2011 NBA Finals
The Dallas Mavericks win the NBA title 2011
Just a couple of white guys, getting crunk
cough...did you hear that?
Miami Heat's Big Three's Celebration Last Year [fixed]
Watch Lebron Prince James Criticize His Fans
Good thing all the top sports websites are celebrating Dallas' win on their front pages...oh wait...
Cold blooded...
Mavericks: Then And Now [imgur]
Mavs show they are the classiest champions of all time
The real reason Roberto let's up goals
Governor Kasich tackles the important issues....names the Mavs honorary Ohioans
Shaq allegedly hires gang member to kidnap man who has his sex tape.  WTF?!
The guy who tripped on the track in the Canadian Grand Prix scared the shit out of me. This is why. He's lucky to be alive.
Chick at A's tailgate jams to Brittney Spears
LeBron James - Pressure (2006 Nike Commercial)
Birdman looks pretty happy to be partying with the organization that handed him a $2 million sports bet loss.
Do the Canucks deserve the Cup, considering the beatings they've taken?
A look back at Game 7 of the Stanley Cup Finals... beforehand? This is pure genius.
New favorite golfer
What does LeBron James have in common with my old girlfriend?
When a ref makes a bad call...
Hell breaks loose in Vancouver
They should have sent in Tim Thomas to stop the riots.
Destroying your arena and downtown Vancouver over a hockey game? Stay classy, Canada.
What is it about hockey and soccer that causes fans to riot?
Giants Wide out Tyree makes strongest case yet to end the lockout.
This pic from Vancouver riots is the most epic riot pic ever taken...ever
Did LeBron James really betray us all and choose the Dark Side? Or is it time to leave this guy alone?
At least someone in Vancouver scored last night
SHAQ: Larger than life &gt; The downfall of the C's
Stay Classy, Vancouver
Dallas Mavericks Present Top Ten on Letterman

This guy should be tarred and feathered...
The Bruin can finally dance in celebration. 
The NFL lockout is only being prolonged because of the greedy owners and the only people it is going to hurt are the fans. It's time for the fans' voices to be heard. 
An idea on alternative jewelry for Mark Cuban
Don't feel sorry for Jimmy Butler
I don't know how to feel about this. What do you think ?
Boston: City of Champions
As a Brewers fan this seems like a typo...
Kawhi Leonard needs to partner with Pizza Hut to sell handprint basketballs &lt;/90sreference&gt;
David Tyree would trade his catch to stop gay marriage. What do you think Giants fans?
Rory enjoys a drink from his well-earned US Open trophy.
For Nadal, Federer and Djokovic, Rackets Complete the Player [NYTimes]
TIL Stefan Edberg once killed a man with his tennis serve!
Overwhelming Evidence of Corruption in Qatar World Cup Bid
Celtics 2011 Draft Preview
i guess the mannings found a way to pass time during the lockout
Jordan Hamilton blames Coach Rick Barnes for his NBA stock slipping
Stuart Scott is an awful comedian.
Once again, The Winnipeg Jets are back.
This soccer team needs some kind of award.
Renowned CNN sports broadcaster Nick Charles dies at 64
Is It Time For Iguodala To Move On From The Sixers?
 Channing Crowder Says He Hypothetically Sold Jerseys, Will The NCAA Hypothetically Punish Florida?
Cameraman gets annoyed during McEnroe, Murray, McIlroy Interview - watch from 25secs
It's lookin like we won't be seeing Tiger in the British Open
BBC Sport - Mexico suspend eight 'sorry' players for six months
Christine Sinclair of Canada's national soccer team, also known as Gladiator. 
I didn't know you used your nose in soccer...
The Mets (yes, the NY Mets) have put up 52 runs on 69 hits in the last 4 games with two of their top sluggers on the DL
NBA Lockout Begins
Injured in a local sports league
[TIL] The voice in the BS Report's intro isn't a George Bush impersonator, it's this guy.
New York Times sells part of Red Sox stake for $117 million
What is your teams chant?
Danny MacAskill bikes around Scotland doing bad ass tricks and filming it in HD to good music. Isn't that enough?
Djokovic Beats Nadal for Wimbledon Title Atop No. 1 Rank
Nutmeg
Djokovic's final game of a great match.  Congrats to the new number 1.
Who gets a championship ring?
Hey r/Sports, how do you feel about a potential European based NFL franchise?
Pyeongchang gets 2018 Winter Olympics
World Cup 2022 in Qatar could introduce games of 3x30 minute halves to counteract heat
I'm fairly positive that Albert Pujols is the real life version of Wolverine from X-Men
Javier Hernández back header
Colt McCoy (Browns QB) Releases Autobiography (July) GROWING UP COLT
What do NFL quarterbacks and NCAA quarterbacks have in common this season?
If you didn't fear Brian Wilson's beard, you will now
Anatomy of a Strikeout Swing
Mavs Fan Gets Dirk's Face Tattooed on his Butt....Seriously
Yao Ming retiring after nine seasons
Manny Pacquiao 'agrees to Floyd Mayweather's demands'
Rangers' Josh Hamilton: I Could Hear Boy Screaming for his Dad
Ortiz charges the mound at Kevin Gregg
February 2001 seems like a long time ago.
United and City splash out for two of the most expensive names in football
NFL Player Hines Ward Arrested for DUI
These are all the same according to my facebook...
Mexico vs. Germany gridiron football highlights [vid] -- This was actually a good game!
Luke Donald Poised For A Run At Open Championship
Has ESPN learned from 'The Decision'?
French police investigating Tour de France crash
I thought this was a free country. We're in America! Isn't this America? I thought we were in America!
Will be watching the US women's world cup replay instead of the MLB All Star snooze fest
PHOTOS: USA Women's Goalie, Hope Solo Is Hot!
The USA women's triumph over Brazil was one of the most thrilling, and deserved, victories in recent sports history
The Only Entertaining All-Star Game: The Midsummer Classic
An overwhelmingly female jury with little interest in baseball will decide whether former pitching star Roger Clemens lied to Congress when he said he never used performance-enhancing drugs.
Major League Baseball Considering Interleague Play All Season Long
This about sums it up.....yep.
Norwegian paragliding fisherman crossing the Alps
Who else thinks James Harrison is a huge cocksucker?
Forbes.com Lists the 50 Most Valuable Sports Franchises in the World. 
We're at the Oval for the Surrey v Kent T20 cricket. My friend who came with us is watching the final innings on Sky Sports inside the stadium for the commentary... I despair. [x-post from Cricket!]
One of the most intriguing and enigmatic stories you will ever encounter: Charlie Wittmack and the World Triathalon.
Hey r/sports! Do any of you know if there's a subreddit for sports injuries?
Europe May Not Be as Enticing As it Seems for NBA Players
Georgia Tech, you lost that game fair and square. You don't get to vacate that.
So $312 costs Georgia Tech an ACC title and gets them a $100,000 fine. Does anyone else think this is excessive?
NFL Lockout Should Be Over In 24 Hours
Tour de France 2011: 35 quality high resolution pictures
Hole in one....
what the hell is this from?? anyone know?
I want to hear Ian Darke announce one game in every major American sport. Make it a reality show and follow him around. It'd be awesome.
why lloyd, why?
Ever wanted a contact sport involving speedos? Well have no fear r/waterpolo is here. Women also welcome.
You're a douche bag no you're a douche bag
Best QB in NFL?
More proof that JJ Barea has incredible penetration
Funniest scenes in sports movie history
NCAA tells OSU that no more violations were found
Which baseball team has the highest OPS of all-time?
What players do you find are really hard to dislike?
How I feel about the end of the NFL lockout.
Thierry Henry goal for New York Red Bulls vs FC Dallas
Whiner Ed Reed want League to keep him from getting blocked
Jerry Jones is cracking skulls: Dallas Cowboys to Cut Marion Barber, Roy Williams and Others
Craziest Sport Ever!
Bills and Seattle are frontrunners for the Andrew Luck sweepstakes
Kimbo Slice’s son is a rising high school football prospect in Florida [news]
THE MOST INCREDIBLE VICTORY IN THE HISTORY  OF MMA
Chris Kluwe's price to give up #5: The Legend Grows
I haven't been around TV in awhile, so I have a question.
Seven Newest 30 for 30 Documentaries Announced
Kevin Kolb TO CARDINALS
Is Greg olsen traded ?? or is The other TE from chicago gone??
Angel Stadium workers frustrated by a lack of progress in contract negotiations with management this week voted to authorize a strike at any time if union leaders believe it's necessary.
Just For Men commercials: where retired athletes go to die. 
Philadelphia Phillies complete deal for Astros OF Hunter Pence - ESPN
Adam Dunn is threatening a 102 year old record for lowest batting average with a minimum number of ABs
Hanger
AquaSox, Seattle Mariners Farm Team, Players Make Backstreet Boys Music Video... Could this be the gayest thing ever? No but you can see if from here.

Randy Moss is calling it a career after 13 seasons in the NFL as one of the most dynamic and polarizing players the league has ever seen.
I made a football hype video set to Inception music for my school.
In 1977 Bobby Murcer promised a terminally ill boy a home run. Amazingly, Murcer hit two of them. The announcer gleefully explained the dying boy's last wish had been fulfilled. One problem — the boy, who was watching, didn't know he was dying.
ARod under investigation for gambling
When you are discussing your favorite sports teams, do you refer to the team and its players as We/Us or Them? 
Seahawks Head Coach Pete Carroll Holding Contest on Twitter For Fans to Select First Play Against Chargers....Carroll FTW!
Hows this for a broken leg (AFL)
Deion Sanders HOF enshrinement speech
Barcelona's keeper hits scoreboard at Cowboy Stadium
This is one of the most useful resources online for sports fans.
7 year old signed by Real Madrid
Nothing says good parenting like tweeting your kid I love u
Hey r/Sports, who are your favorite members of the sports media?  How about least favorite?
LA unanimously approves NFL team!!
Five Things in Sports That Make Absolutely No Sense
Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence - GEORGE ORWELL
All-Nighters Keep Football Team Competitive During Ramadan
Happy Birthday to the best sportscaster currently out there, the UNBELIEVABLE Gus Johnson.
Maine Redneck Olympics Reportedly Warned to Drop Olympics or Face Lawsuit
Ridiculous haircuts for the Raiders' rookies.
Canned: Alleged pee attack costs teen U.S. ski team spot

Carlos Zambrano ejected, tells Chicago Cubs he's retiring
Plaxico Burress Talks About What Happens When You Shoot Yourself
N. Dakota ready to drop Fighting Sioux
Are Haynesworth and Ochocinco not long for the Pats? - Shutdown Corner - NFL Blog - Yahoo! Sports
London 2012 test events - info on Beach volleyball, BMX, Mountain biking, basketball
The cutest most badass K-1 fighters I've ever seen.
This announcer has no clue who Kobe Bryant is
So I was playing Madden 11 and came across this player in my Franchise...
2011 SEC West division..toughest in CFB? Or toughest ever ?
ESPN Not Top 10 song?
Adnan Nević, chosen by the United Nations as the symbolic 6 billionth concurrently alive person on Earth, still lives in poverty at age 11. His mother has cancer, and he can't afford to play in the local soccer league. C'mon Reddit, let's get Adnan playing soccer! (x-post from Assitance)
Just a rainbow over old Yankee Stadium during a rain delay...that is all
The Texas Rangers want to ban The Wave??? Is nothing sacred?
ESPN proves it's own stupid QB statistic is retarded
Let's not forget or poor poor Cowboy fan friends this football season.
Shaq blames Obama for Rondo's shooting woes...seriously.
Probably most dangerous sport in the world
The real reason why I want the NBA lockout to end....
LLWS
After a dismal 1-7 start, Saskatchewan Roughriders fire head coach Marshall and OC Berry
Any other referees here?
This shit is unacceptable: Belgian league match halted after Fukushima taunts
Will Peyton Hillis end the Madden curse?
Pat Summit will continue to coach even with early dementia diagnosis.
No arrests for brawling LSU football thugs.
New NFL rule changes
One of the hardest blocks I have ever seen (@2:30)!
Hilarious fake football game commentary. 
DEATH PENALTY FOR MIAMI?: Here's How The NCAA Dealt With Other Corrupt College Sports Programs
Curtis Granderson makes history with the Yankees' third grand slam in the same game.
Who are your favorite/least favorite Sports announcers and why? I'll start....
“I’m changing it to 70 because it’s like something to do with the universe”
A court official said Ron Artest has to clear outstanding traffic warrants before he can legally change his name to Metta World Peace
Who says sports, politics and hurricanes don't mix? Now watch this drive...
Reddit NFL pick'em league!
Rugby World Cup 2011 - Questions
Pole vaulter's pole snaps while vaulting at the World Championships
Third division team in Italy (Hellas Verona FC) wtf?
Tony Romo at QB for my FF team? What do you think? He is a backup to Sanchez ...
The Long, Strange Trip of Milwaukee Brewers' Closer John Axford
Jordan Jefferson is one bad man (in a bad way, not a good way)... Best part of the article... He had 49 pairs of shoes seized by the Po-Po
Texas A&amp;M to Texas and the Big 12: Fuck You, we're outta here!
This is Summit High School's (Tennessee) first football play in school history...enjoy - it's a good one.
Why does ESPN hype up the WNBA?
Just another reason to hate ESPN...
Is that Adam Sandler coaching the Buckeyes? It looks like the Waterboy scored one hell of a promotion.
OU's sole focus now on joining Pac-12 | Pac-16 closer to reality?
The Man In The Red Bandanna
Ex-Michigan St. star Jay Vincent going to prison for fraud
Over a year old but still gives me goosebumps
Old, but good writeup on why sports are so important to people
How crazy does this sound? [X-Post from r/fantasyfootball]
Another year another team
Is Brett Lawrie to Toronto baseball what Shawn Kemp was to Seattle basketball in the 90s?
Bear Grylls &amp; Jeremy Jones Talk Big Mountain Snowboarding Crashes
Anyone else hate these fucking guys!
Mr Warrior sends a message to (recently deceased) OU Linebacker Tom Wort
Indy might be w/out Peyton for Year
Would any other NBA player play Starcraft? (x-post from /r/gaming)
Scott Stapp's song for the Florida Marlins. A perfect gahme. A truple play. The lertle things. A playoff raaaaaaaace!
Brash No More: How did American Tennis get so boring? 
Is there an equivalent to this video / this type of skills in other spors? I'd love to see it.
Amir!﻿ AMIR! AMIIIRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!
Knowing what we know now about Peyton Manning's neck, the surgery, the risks, do you think opposing defensive players will be scared to hit him, not wanting to be the one who paralyzes Peyton Manning?
Tell me that this ref is not on the juice.
It is with a heavy heart that I report that UTSA is no longer undefeated. First loss in 42 years. [X-post from r/CFB]
Djokovic prevails over Federer, fending off two match points for the second year in a row.  Deja vu
Georgia's mascot UGA looks like he's on the juice
My husband punched the ceiling in celebration of the UM victory last night.  
Why Jets fans need strong stomachs: another insane season, with stock-market-like volatility, is underway.
Callahan named Rangers' 26th captain 
My little sister was nominated for athlete of the week. She deserves it, vote for her. Thanks :) (Laken Bull)
Tampa Bay Rays' chances seem very real for shot at playoffs after sweeping the Red Sox
How many beers have I had? I dunno, how many kids does Cromartie have?
Sebastian Janikowski's record-tying 63-Yard field goal was really record-breaking 64 Yards, Raiders say.
A Game of Honor Preview - Army vs Navy
I signed up for intramural flag football and I'm not sure if that was a good idea
Champions aren’t born from comfort. They’re born from deficits, tensions, sometimes even abrasions. American tennis players are spoiled brats.
More than 20 rockets from Gaza hit Israel | JTA - Jewish &amp; Israel News
Rivera gets 600th save
NFL Week 2 Power Rankings
Michigan State Spartans unveil special uniforms for Michigan game
Stay Classy San Diego
Awesome work from r/soccer- redditors write weekly run downs of games in different leagues 
Check Out Shot Squad’s Latest Trick Shot Video
Hope Solo gets her own rap
Drag Race Fail
9/16/2011 LA
I say we boycott the Mayweather/Ortiz fight.
Mayweather is okay, but, THIS is how a real boxer talks!
Oregon Ducks Cheerleaders - Video
Larry Merchant Would Kick Floyd Mayweathe's Ass
TIL R.A. Dickey is a huge Star Wars fan
It's official: price tag for 20th MLS expansion side is $100 million.
Giants player nails person in head with ball after scoring TD
As a Stanford fan and a Jets fan, life is kind of tough right now...
So I was watching the All Blacks' haka against Wales when...
Maybe the dumbest column of Gregg Doyel's career.
Vick partakes in walkthrough, may play Sunday
The Yankees just clinched a playoff spot.
Batting Stance Guy does MLB's meanest list player reactions
Yeah NFL.com, this might be a bad call for a fantasy football ad campaign
My friend went a little extreme with his hatred for the ESPN Magazine Boston edition 
7 terrible sports achievements (That'll never be matched again)
I present you Luki. Freestyle soccer rules.
NFL players faking injuries? Prove it, jerks!
Goldy Gopher Dancing To A Forgettable 80s Song Just Might Save Minnesota Football
Hot chicks pick college football games for week 4
We Could Watch Tony Romo Take A Snap To The Gut Over And Over Again
Is soccer the only sport where refs can let fouls go (aka play the advantage)?
What is the best website for streaming NFL games for free?
I believe I will take the 5 month deal. Thank you!
MONEY'S WORTH: NO MATTER WHAT HE DOES, FANS WILL NEVER BE SATISFIED WITH MAYWEATHER
I sang on the theme song for the UFL Virginia Destroyers Football Team. Check it out.
Realignment.
Atalanta keep their heads held high after summer match-fixing scandal
Progress in the NBA lockout!!!
How I feel about Wednesday's baseball games...
A question that we had at bar trivia tonight:
What is the best Wales rugby union backline for upcoming World Cup games?
Bears great Dan Hampton snubs White House invitation - It was 25 years ago. Let it go.
Dan Johnson saves the day for the Tampa Bay Rays — again. In 2008 Johnson hit a very important home run in a very important game for the Rays. It is a legendary story, how Johnson rushed to Fenway Park from the minor leagues, whereupon he unloaded against the Red Sox closer Jonathan Papelbon
This Guy!!
Dear Grantland.com, pay attention to your headers.
Billy Beane’s idol is Arsène Wenger. Check it out.
Kobe Bryant calls out Shaquille O'Neal for not working out
Can skateboarding repair America's image in the Middle East?
Chicago Cubs Commercial - Is It Next Year Yet? 
If Pro-Gaming was televised on ESPN2, would you watch it? [x-post]
Bama vs Florida. Who do you got?
Prepare to 'Jump Around' tonight!
11 year old banned from scoring too many TD's in Arkansas youth football league.
Do a barrel roll!
One thing I would bet my life on...
One of the biggest heroes in the history of Greek sport is “The Lion of Chimara”. Pyrros Dimas has one 4 Olympic golds in weightlifting! Watch this beast...
Hope Solo to be featured in ESPN the magazine's Body Issue. Me gusta.
YouTube Video - Hunting
I just learned that you can stream all sorts of sports with espn3 if you have the right internet provider! Sweet, really glad I cancelled cable now.
Angry Birds Soccer Trick Shots
4 Ideas For Replacing Hank Williams Jr. on Monday Night Football That Will Be Better Than What ESPN Comes Up With
OU/Texas...The Best Rivalry In College Football?
The most popular sport in America versus the most popular sport in the world – it’s an age-old point of contention depending on which side of the drink you’re on.
Robin Ventura won't last long as White Sox manager if his decisions are as poor as his decision to rush the mound against Nolan.
TBS call of Tigers' final out, followed by Tigers Radio and Yankees Radio call
Jobs' death again puts sports in perspective 
1985 Bears finally honored by White House for Super Bowl win
Packers' Clay Matthews lends muscle to fight against HIV/AIDS
Krav Maga is a fighting method originated in Jewish circles in Central and Eastern Europe in the first half of the twentieth century. The word Krav Maga, in modern Hebrew, literally means contact combat.
Open letter to Steve Bartman from Wil Wheaton (repost from 2003).
Packers Accuse Falcons of Playing Dirty, Conveniently Forget Charles Woodson's Late Uppercut Early in Season
I saw a prophet last night; His name is John Wall.
Interesting story about a record-breaking CFL QB.  Canadians, what is the general feeling up there about the CFL?  What about the the NFL?
For any fellow UGA fans
Lions game
NBA Labor -- David Stern cancels first two weeks of NBA season - ESPN
A few motivational words about the end of the season from a baseball guy
Good to see a team not paying over the odds for players.
Tim Tebow named Broncos' starting quarterback
It's official, Tebow Time begins this Sunday.
The difference between Sunday and Monday Night Football [fixed]
Philadelphia Eagles Flowchart
Bernard Hopkins: “I’m Inspired By Outdoing Myself”. The boxing legend talks about 50 Cent portraying him in a biopic, being inspired by Jay-Z and wanting to fight Manny Pacquiao.
How Jurgen Klinsmann Coaches the U.S. Men's Soccer Team
How I feel about the Tigers losing game 4
NFL to expand overseas?
This is what happens when Darth Vader tries Fantasy Football
WHY is the ALCS being played in the middle of the afternoon. The game is almost over by the time I get home.
HAE been following ESPN's #NBArank? Any thoughts on how accurate their list is 
Dolphins’ Marshall plans to ‘get kicked out in the second quarter’ against the Jets
American Policy Suggestions from a Chicago Sports Fan: Curb Chinese Currency Manipulation by Benching Jay Cutler. 
TIL Every baseball put into play in the last 75 years has been rubbed in mud from the Delaware River (x-post from r/baseball)
Oh god. I'm not sure how I ever survived without the Onion Sports Network.
Hey Reddit my cousin has been making picks on College Football and NFL spreads this season and he has been unstoppable. I want to share his picks with you. 
[CFB] I may be a biased fan, but I think this blog post by Thayer Evans is absolute trash. What are your thoughts? (Screencap to prevent views)
Top 10 Best Football Movies
Report: Bengals QB Carson Palmer will be traded to Raiders
What is the least surprising story in sports history, Alex?
Sit the fuck down, kid!
An Ordinary Football Game, Then a Player Dies
Bill Simmons Heads to the L.A. Kings in the Wake of the NBA's Labor Trouble - Grantland
TIL that you can the New Super Mario Bros. through Stephon Marburys Starbury store. As well as other odd miscellaneous things.
Troy Polamalu fined $10,000 for calling wife on doctor's phone from sideline to let her know he was OK
I'm just going to leave this here...
We'll Miss you Marco
Same old Lions?
Crushing block from TX Tech's Eric Ward in upset against Oklahoma!
Are Open Mouth Kisses the New Pat on the Bum in Sports? Tim Tebow's Victory Kiss
New Jordan Commercial: Love The Game
XPost from r/NBA: Brian Scalabrine Is Tearing It Up In The Italian League
Should college athletes be paid? Mike Willbon thinks so
Last Place Shame [Fantasy Football]
What sports commentating should be
Sports talk show for middle school
Teblows
This guy probably shit his pants as the Cardinals tied the series up. 
WHAT A GAME!!!
If the Cardinals win the WS, should Pujols re-sign with the team just to defend the their title?
IAMA Cardinals fan that just got back from watching Game 6 -- AMA HOLY FUCK
Wow, reddit doesn't really give a shit about baseball...no front page news about Cardinals insane win.
MLB 'tradition' vs. Replay.......thoughts?
The St. Louis Cardinals win the 2011 World Series!
Any other NBA fans sick to death of this picture?
Something about this doesn't seem right
How not to act when you're losing 34-7 in the 4th quarter.
My friends started up a sports parody show giving satirical facts on the NFL weekend scores.  What do y'all think of it?
Tony La Russa, going out like a boss!
I'm fine with trash talk but as a Lions fan, 2008 is little too recent for me to be comfortable with this...
Is it safe to say he's having a breakout season yet?
Flopping in soccer:  Why isn't it considered pussy in other countries, especially rough third world countries where life isn't easy and where spoiled crying sissies don't survive for long (Nigeria, Colombia, Brazil)?
After running through an estimated $50M during his career, current Jets backup QB, Mark Brunell, is expected to take a 9-to-5 job after retiring this winter.
Romanian fan sucker punches a player.  Chaos ensues.
Fight-o-ween: How the fight world celebrated All Hallows Eve!
Typical Jets Fans
How Alabama tries to get the mental edge (x-post from /r/cfb)
TIL that Ross Perot, Jr. sued Mark Cuban this past June for mismanaging the Dallas Mavericks. 
A Top 50 list that doesn't suck: Cluck Klosterman's Greatest College Basketball Players of All Time. 
MLS attendance surpasses NBA, NHL: Will soccer overcome the stigma of being a pre-dominantly suburban sport followed mostly by international college undergrads and found in obscure soccer pubs?
#1 LSU vs #2 Alabama - a.k.a. National Championship Game Preview
Dear lord.. 
A comparison of the crowd atmosphere between NHL games and English soccer games.
Great ending to the Michigan-Iowa game. Any else 
think this great catch at the end shoulda been a 
touchdown?
Former Penn St Coach faces child sex abuse charges, AD alleged perjury in cover-up
2 month-old post about JoePa and Penn State's clean reputation is a little weird now
Missouri To SEC Is Done Deal
Derrick Rose It's not about the shoes (Remixed Jordan Commercial
Jerry Sandusky, former Penn State assistant football coach, charged with sexually assaulting boys - The Washington Post
NEED: A .gif of Mark Sanchez flinching that happened at the end of the Bills/Jets game.
So the dancing 'NFL on FOX' robot has an official twitter feed. 
Jim McNeil is dead :(
Freeline Skates ... next big extreme sports trend?
My view on the earthquake and Kirk's reaction (x-post r/cfb)
The worst part about NFL Sunday
I realized my Steelers had lost...
Heartwarming Football Story - Team allows boy with Down syndrome to score 75 yard touchdown on final play of his high school career
Terrell Suggs Ball so Hard University
PATERNO'S SILENCE: How much did Penn State's head coach choose not to see, or do, about allegations that children were sexually assaulted?
We all know about today's anniversary of Magic Johnson's HIV announcement...but let's look at how he got there
Details of NBA's next proposal to players
Family: Frazier dies after fight with cancer
He led a great legacy...
RIP _Smokin' Joe - Former heavyweight boxing champ Joe Frazier dies.
Jerry Sandusky is Pedobear's kinda coach!
Could Baltimore get an NBA team?
Surfer Rides 90ft Wave [VIDEO] Garrett McNamara breaks the world record for the largest wave ever surfed.
Why Penn State Officials Ignored Eyewitness Account of Sandusky's Rape of 10 Year Old Boy
Philosoraptor ponders the Penn State scandal
Warren Sapp shits all over Haynesworthless
Nobody here in Europe cares about this but I for one am fascinated by American college football. What are some other interesting/unique things?
JOEPA is retiring =[
Black guy gets facial from a big pole...oh my
Penn State changing their name apparently... 
Why a 1 loss Alabama will play in the BCS title game
Is anyone else upset at the immensity of Penn State coverage, and the lack of highlights/other news?
Joe Paterno Fired as Penn State Head Coach
Rip Curl’s Mirage: Matrix Style Surfing [Video]
Read the Grand Jury report on the PSU scandal and puke. That school needs to be shut down until everyone involved is replaced. Disgusting.
Major League Baseball Catcher Wilson Ramos has been kidnapped out his home in Venezuela. 
Jerry Sandusky Rumored To Have 'Pimped' Boys To Penn State Donors: REPORT 
People are more fired up about a football coach getting fired than THE POPE protecting a group of child molesters.
Facebook doesn't know sports.
Barry Switzer:  Everyone on that staff [Paterno's] had to have known
Penn State Child Rape Scandal About To Get Worse?
Sandusky faces up to 460 years in prison. Let's hope he gets a full punishment
Worse than you imagine. Sandusky Grand Jury Report: joe paterno should damn well have done more and most of the media seems to busy to read the thing (relevent stuff starts on page 6)
Everyone does realize that Jerry Sandusky's 2001 autobiography was titled Touched: The Jerry Sandusky Story, right? 
Penn State Mike McQueary will not be coaching on Saturday
Taiwanese Penn State Animation Is Insane
Stephon Marbury blasts Michael Jordan calling him a 'fake' &amp; a 'sell out'.
What exactly did McQuery tell Paterno he saw? Because if he told him the exact details and Paterno reported nothing more than something of a sexual nature to school officials, Paterno should spend some time in prison as well.
Kevin Durant and Lebron James face off in flag football showdown on 11/30
College Basketball on a Ship!
TIL John Geoghan, one of the most prolific child sex abusers in the Boston Archdiocese scandal, was placed in a jail cell with a man serving life w/out parole for murdering a man that made a sexual pass at him. It did not end well for Geoghan. Make your peace with God, Jerry Sandusky.
When sports are the cause of tragedy - Penn State
Understanding Football: A beginner's guide (Great for Girlfriends / Wives who want to know a little more!)
New Penn State head coach: Coach Paterno will go down in history as one of the greatest men
Penn State Graduate Student who witness the abuse has been put on leave
McQueary is now in Protective Custody
JoePa laywers up: Joe Paterno hires Washington insider attorney who represented President George HW Bush in the Iran-Contra scandal.
The Marlins new uniforms are the ugliest in the history of sports (especially the third one). DISCUSS. 
Penn State's football players consider protesting the firing of Joe Paterno by not showing up at this weekend's game. In other words, they plan to do what they do in all big games, only this time there's a reason.
Manny Pacquiao
david nelson scores td, gives it to his girlfriend. notable for a reason
it's shit like this, comments section on espn articles
Earlier today I had to decide between playing the SWTOR beta and watching the Pats game.
Here's the (11/10 version of the) deal that the NBA Players Association said no to (.pdf)
Cheerleader could lose job for touchdown celebration
Matt Schaub out for season. Matt Leinart to start.
For all the women who love sports and being healthy!
Climber takes a huge fall!  Check it out!
Dave Stala a player in the CFL scores for Jake, a child with cancer
Who is the most famous athlete of all time?
In praise of Aaron Rodgers' perfect season
Ravens over Steelers Wk1-ah, remember the good ol' days?
Only if you are from Montana can you read this.
Today in ND History : Oklahoma's 47 game win-streak ends
Five Stupid Things About Baseball
Labor Negotiations Status - Baseball vs. Basketball
Arent you guys tired of hearing abt penn state? I understand the complete severity of the scandal, but wouldnt you like to hear abt other news every once in a while?
This weeks Polish football - Polish national teams friendly matches , FIFA's problem with the Eagle national emblem, fand we take a look at the stadiums for Euro 2012!
My cousin was the first legally def player in the NBA
Joe Paterno treated for lung cancer
John Fox regrets comments about Tim Tebow: If we were trying to run a regular offense, he'd be screwed
Joe Paterno has lung cancer
Today in ND History: Game of the Century III - Michigan State
I truly am a Cyclone fan.
Woman killed by U-Haul truck while tailgating at the Harvard-Yale game
USA wins Presidents Cup in fashion.
Where can I find a site on the internet to watch free live NFL football games?
You don't know how satisfying it is to finally see this happen!...
another why sepp blatter must resign
Justin Verlander wins AL MVP
LSU, Bama, Arkansas Are Financial Royalty Compared to Non-SEC Peers - Forbes
This is an article about a friend of mine who has dreamed of being a pro bass fisherman since we were kids.  at 31 he's finally turning pro.  
Yeah Sid
how do they justify fining a player $10,000 for making a valid statement about corrupt policy, but pigs for a manager who fucked around.
Report: Urban Meyer to Ohio State
From what I understand, American sports uses a barter (trade) system. How exactly do two teams ever agree on a trade if they are looking for specific players?
RXS - Old Times (Stunt scooter)
Lee Westwood rejoins PGA Tour
Tear Drop Banners to Get Excessive Daily Visits
NFL: Do you think coaches should e able to challenge helmet to helmet (personal foul) penalties?
All about Baseball
What the hell?
Football Glory: A Precursor to Economic Woes?
OKC's Byron Mullen keeping up during the lockout by playing pickup at a prison.
Inuit people have their own sports, called Arctic Games. Check them out! 
Never have I seen anyone do anything so completely on the edge between success and death, focusing a lifetime's worth of training into the most﻿ intense, frightening and exhilarating sports moment ever.
Annnnnnnnnnd the NBA is back!
What the NBA players lost
NBA is BAck
Michigan beats Ohio, 40-34! HAIL TO THE VICTORS!
Alabama beats Auburn, ultimately sealing bcs championship spot
A Wisconsin fan's lament: What might have been (with special teams)
Hitler Reacts to the Final UT vs A&amp;M Game
Cheering for other teams - A philosophical question
Uh Oh, somebody leaked the CFL's script to tonights Grey Cup game..
CBS shows Chargers kicker Nick Novak urinating on the sidelines (video)
Anyone else catch that, Fuck Tebow in overtime?
That's one way to draw a foul...
Fantasy Football Rage
Does anyone else think Icing The Kicker is a bad idea?
The Full On Double Tebow
B.C. Lions take 99th Grey Cup, 34-23, at home against the Winnipeg Blue Bombers
Now that's how you make a catch
Well-written, esoteric NBA/Knicks humor based on a game that never was.  [Knicks 113, Heat 111.]
#LookAtDisFoo'
We knew it was coming, but now it's OFFICIAL ... Urban Meyer to tOSU
ESPN Pro Football 12
Saw this posting on the local craigslist jobs wanted.
I remember reading this completely speculative article in OSU's Lantern last year...One year later..
BBC Sport - Kimi Raikkonen to return to Formula 1 with Lotus Renault GP
Jack Del Rio fired by Jaguars, Mel Tucker to take over as interim coach
Skip bayless hates aaron rodgers 
Best boxer of all time: Ali, Tyson, Louis or someone else? (Still going with Ali)

Why is this man allowed to announce the country's two most important sporting events?
Superstar Coach Joe Abunassar shows me how to play basketball [video]
Del Rio’s firing starts the “Countdown to Cowher”
$$$ The 20 Highest-Paid Coaches In College Football
Who is the reason for the Broncos success? Tebow or the defense?
What I want people to understand when I tell them what sport I play
Football Agent Fees Revealed
Westboro Baptist Church to protest Syracuse v. Florida game Friday night.
Chris Paul requests trade to NY.
Vikings set to release Donovan McNabb at his request
Stephen A. wasn't lying about Skip Bayless...
Did Lou Holtz just make an inappropriate joke on ESPN2?
New sports sub: CFB Highlights - All college football highlights, all day!
Peyton Hillis shows his support for Ron Paul! - YouTube
Washington State Was So Desperate For A Football Coach, They Risked Angering ESPN
Just ordered my Knicks Vs. Celtics Tickets, this is how I feel
Going Rogue: A group of Maryland fans have started a campaign to stop the Terps court from being named after Gary Williams.
Fulham Tickets with Comparatively low price than ever before.
European Goal Scorer Valuation Analysis
Mandatory 2 point conversion in NFL?
Tiger Woods wins first golf tournament since he got caught boning prostitutes. I still think Trojan should sponsor him. 
LSU will play Alabama in the BCS National Championship Game.
Why would I suggest boycotting this season's BCS Championship game?
Oklahoma State suffered two major distractions before their loss to Iowa State.
This is really what it's like being a Vikings fan

Alden Smith Response to Prior Excessive Celebration
Really ESPN?
Based on actual numbers, take a look and see who's the REAL #2 and should be playing for the title.
Penn State falls to the TicketCity Bowl against Houston
Alabama fans land first national championship jab in LSU’s online shop
Gus Johnson's call of Wisconsin's late 4th down conversion against MSU.
if you're curious how the Tim Tebow story will end...
The ONLY 3 reasons a King's fan lives in O.C.
Sixers Mascot Vote For Phil E. Moose......Imagine The Possibilities....
Major conference realignment coming for the NHL in 2012.
world's greatest golfer
Lakers eye blockbuster trades (trying to get Howard AND CP3)
Stating the Obvious: Tebow Not MVP Material
The NBA is back and why I don't care.  
What is the greatest rivalry in all of sports?
Drunk-dialing at it's finest.  Orlando Magic CEO resigns after drunk-dialing Dwight Howard telling him to stay in Orlando
High School Super Bowl winning TD called back for celebration...Video  Cmon MAN
The NBA just released the entire 2011-12 schedule.
Heisman Thoughts
Coach Jon Gruden on “Monday Night Football” : Interesting New Yorker article on the former coach and color commentator 
Ridiculous celebration penalty called on TD run costs High School state title
Do any of these people own a globe?
New MMA Training system
CJ Wilson has reportedly agreed to terms with the Angels
Before we complain about how greedy Pujols is by going to LA, we should all watch this 60 minutes special on The incredible Albert Pujols
A Satirical Look at the BCS
For the Big 10 Country... 
Searching For Scottie Pippen
All I can think about when I see Ben Roethlisberger...
Top-ranked North Carolina wrestler paralyzed during match
The Vacator
They know not what they have done.
Exactly the athlete we all wished would have a sex tape...
TIL 4 of the last 7 Naismith winners for NCAA Basketball have been white. 
Robin van Persie's volley against Everton
RG2 seems concerned.
Khan blames ref for defeat
Tame Punishment for XU Players after huge melee with Cincinnati
I need a name for a fantasy basketball team. Please help.
Todd Haley Fired
Tebow!
In case anyone was curious, UFC ring girl Brittany Palmer is gonna be in the March edition of Playboy. In case anyone was wondering what she looks like...
Most athletic league? NFL, NBA, MLB, or NHL?
Chuck Klosterman on The People Who Hate Tim Tebow - Grantland
Looks like Boeheim was right after all. 
Why does no one on sportscenter know what a train sounds like?
Kobe Bryant on Lamar Odom trade - 'Now im getting pissed off' (video)
Just some Lingerie Football League chicks fighting  (video)
What sports on tv seem to me since I took a stat class...
Hockey Player Scores from the upper deck
CP3 is a Clipper
Petulant James Harrison refuses to grow up, no matter the cost
Legendary cameraman photographing Lebron for Nike not allowed to speak directly to The Chosen One
Chris Paul Trade Too Costly for LAC - Chris Palmer [ESPN Insider]
Derek Jeter Autographs His Balls for One Night Stands
Considering that geography now seems to be destiny in the NBA--as in, teams in glamorous cities that rich young men would like to live in are attracting all the elite players--why are the Kings, Hornets, and whoever else not battling each other to move to Las Vegas first?
Tom Brady is Goliath. Tim Tebow is David. A 6-foot-3, 235-pound David who can bench 350 and flatten cornerbacks into peanut brittle.
NFL players vote on worst commentators
You probably have to be from BC to appreciate this pic
Basketball Positions for Dummies: PG-C (good info, I've been blissfully ignorant)
Since losing their coach, I heard the LA Kings decided to change their logo to something more fitting...
NFL Player busted trying to buy 10 kilo cocaine, 1,000 pounds of pot
Remarkable: You've heard of a 'Game 7' but how about SEASON 7? It's happening in D-III football between Mt. Union and Wisconsin-Whitewater.
Buying a pair of jeans and going to a work Christmas party ....  75 bucks.

Getting free drinks and mingling behind a LIVE sports talk show ..... FREE

Getting caught picking the underwear out of your MOM jeans ... Priceless.
Rudy 2: An Inspiring Underdog Story of Swindling Investors
Kobe Bryant divorce: Couple reportedly had no prenuptial agreement
Justin Bieber's Baby ft. Dick Vitale
Before Tebow, There Was Blanda
Happiest Person In Denver Airport
BombSquad's Latest Fighting Talent Drops a HL_TAPE. UFC Junkies and MMA Fiends Rejoice. 
Can you hear that...a THUNDER storm is brewing!!
I've never been so relieved to see it was just herpes
Coaching tips to get into the pros
I was once asked...
Power outage on Monday Night Football - coincidence?
I'm building an exclusive content website for the AFL, what would you want on it /r/sports?
Really groggy and tired at work. Checked out ESPN, the humor of this made my morning
Another useless, boring season next year for Buckeye Football fans...AHHH! B.S.
TwinCities ('91-'92): Best sports run ever?
The next 2 years of basketball will be fun in LA, and I don't mean the Lakers!
Le ball, give it to me!
QUESTION: Is there a better way for sports networks to present highlight packs?
Inside Baseball: Cardinals need to get Molina signed, or take another big gamble next winter
How Darnell Dockett wraps Christmas presents.
Just Realized that James Harrison is as Ruthless as They Come.  Straight Thug/Sniper/Bad-Ass Amongst NFL Brethren. 
Desperate need help - no need to upvote - someone tell me best place for fantasy basketball rankings  - draft in 2 hours
Cody Jordan is going to be one hell of a dribbler when he grows up
Monte Ellis is the new Brett Favre
NFL Cheerleaders Celebrate Christmas
The Best Boxers Of All Time
Everytime I see Rob Ryan on the sidelines, all I can think of is Oscar Bluth
Please help spread the word about a Swiss golfer who thinks she's above the law.
So, just to clarify, 4 months later, if you want team flair by your name it's still limited to NFL, NHL, MLB, and NBA, right?
Victor Cruz 99 yard catch from Eli Manning
Adrian Peterson has torn his ACL, and likely his MCL as well
Bulls, Clippers &amp; Pistons lead the NBA in former SEC players
drunk santa heckles LeBron at the mavs vs heat game. 
Shawn Marion is currently playing with a broken finger
Betty White's Monday Night Football Introduction
Does anybody know about being a radio sportscaster?  like on ESPN?
NBA Season Preview: Western Conference Contenders
Football can be a dangerous sport...
Explain Tim Tebow to me like I'm not American and have no idea who he is and why he is important
Amazing Basketball Trick Shots by Kids
Who do you think are the core franchises in the big 4 leagues? 
Suns sign free agent guard Michael Redd. 
My face after Durants buzzer beater.
When a college football team wins,
male grades drop, study shows

List of some of the notable players that don't even play in the NFL still listed on ESPN fantasy football
Can someone explain why Denver has the tiebreaker if they lose and the Chargers win?
Is it just me, or does it seem like Troy Aikman and Joe Buck are just barely paying attention?
These Ohio State girls BUCK Michigan State
Giants Clinch Playoffs With 31-14 Win Over Cowboys: What Did We Learn? | Football Nation
Who He Play For? SHAQ v. Chuck
NBA dubstep mix
Let’s Start Paying College Athletes 
The state of Wisconsin has produced the most entertaining football games in the past 20 years.
Chip Kelly Fumble Freak-out 
Just a friendly reminder, ESPN 3 is free on all college campuses.
Red Sox' former PR flack tells all and burns bridges
Joe Torre quits his MLB gig to pursue ownership of the Los Angeles Dodgers.
There was $150 million bet on the last LSU/Alabama game and 1 billion on Super Bowl XLV. Here's how sports betting actually works.
Albert Pujols' contract details are completed. He will be guaranteed $240M over 10 years, and may make up to ~$266M based on performance. He will also be employed by the Angels upon retirement for $1M annually.
Miguel Cabrera pleads no contest to drunken driving charge in Florida
Journalist Rob Parker has a message for all you Georgia (Atlanta) sports fans out there.
Some former MLB players happy to get a single HOF vote
The ESPN 2011 tribute video?
Interview of the Year
Australia victorious-India losing grip over the Trophy 
I hate Ohio State
Leafs' GM calls the recent decline in fighting A dangerous turn in our game (NHL)
Hey Reddit, I know VERY LITTLE about sports, but I am fairly certain that this move is illegal.......
Floyd Mayweather Jr. avoids jail time until June. Maybe now he will fight Pacman! 
Here are the pics of the two scumbags who beat a NJ cop/war vet Rangers fan after the Winter Classic. 
New show on NFL Network: Who wants to date an NFL Player?
Report: Chiefs will name Crennel head coach
Quebec prefers a French Habs, over a winning Habs.
The Detroit Lions loss to the New Orleans Saints
dispute over half-court shot
Wow... Well played Denver. 
New NFL OT rules
Would you trade a first round pick for Tim Tebow?
Please obey the traffic laws
The new NBC sports
Why does the Staples Center look like the darkest dungeon known to man during Lakers games, but then is fully lit when the Clippers play? Anybody else ever noticed this?
Who's watching WWE tonight? Oh yea, I guess there's a football game on tonight...
As an European, I know nothing about The Tebows or NFL but that won't stop me from giving my opinion about it to Americans
he got me.
Body found in river is son of Green Bay Packers coach Joe Philbin - ESPN
Who wants to play some football!!!
You know baseball has lost it's honor when 2/3 of the 2013 Hall of Fame eligibles list has steroid concern baggage.
The Oakland Raiders have fired head coach Hue Jackson after only 1 year.
Son of Green Bay Packers' offense coach found dead in river
Tebow's win: Taiwanese animation (see if you can spot a subreddit shoutout in the vid)
Did This Man Really Cut Michael Jordan?
Fox Sports Threatened by a Violent Sports Maniac
A terrific profile of Indiana freshman Cody Zeller by ESPN's Dana O'Neil. The anecdotes of he and his brothers are terrific.
Pulled Sandusky, Ohio, Commercial [video]
Raiders owner Mark Davis should hand over responsibilities to his twin sister.  She's handled this kind of thing before.
Ex-Badgers QB Wilson spurns Rockies for NFL
Junior wrestler a woman among boys - BostonHerald.com
Anybody use this service?
Danica Patrick wants to be a... Honey Badger!
At my local PO in Boston...poor Jets fan...
 The Penn State Letter... A response
/r/trackandfield is dead.  Anyone want to help bring it back to life? 
What if Tim Tebow were Muslim? - Salon.com
Lebron taking his talents to Cleveland
How not to start an article
2 shot at Georgia Applebee's after cheering for 49ers
Can anyone suggest a good online betting service?
Why isn't there a position in the NFL for a FG Blocker?
Tiki Barber gives up comeback attempt
Why Tim Tebow is NOT a Long Term NFL QB
Can the Ravens beat the Pats?
Just when you thought you'd escaped Tebow...
Indianapolis Colts Release Jim Caldwell
rosemary's baby...on the heat bench
Milwaukee Brewers' Ryan Braun will accept MVP award and speak at awards dinner
According to Rob Lowe, Peyton Manning is retiring today
Freestyle skier Sarah Burke has died following crash
Freestyle Skiing Canadian skier Sarah Burke dies of injuries
Addition of Coaches for Washington Huskies is a Very Good Move
Do the Giants have a chance against San Fran?
Couldn't have chosen a more appropriate photo of Tiger.
25 years from now, will Charles Barkley be more remembered for his commentary or his HOF career on the court?
Not the Onion: Neighbor narcs on Flacco for skateboarding in his driveway 
Tom Brady has 3 Super Bowl rings, a supermodel wife and THIS new house
Forget It, Giants Suck!
The Kwame Brown lottery
How Big-Time Sports Ate College Life
Wonder if it would've happened the same way if he were still coaching--Paterno near death
Florida St looks scary after being Duke
So I just went into the break room to get a drink and I saw this out the window!  (NOTE: I increased the brightness level a bit as it was dark)
Someone please explain this to me.
Did CBSsports.com make history's greatest sports journalism gaffe?
97th-minute goal pushes USA past Venezuela in friendly
Dienhart Marking the Passing of a Legend
Joe Paterno Dead At 85, Family Confirms
Former Penn State Coach Joe Paterno dies at 85 | NowPublic News Coverage
RIP Joe Paterno [cartoon]
Penn State's Joe Paterno Dead at 85
Joe Paterno dies at 85 in wake of child rape cover-up scandal.
Torrey Smith looks like a God. (Ravens/Patriots Game)
Advertising Done Right
The NFL's Worst Quarterbacks
I may not be watching the game, but I'm pretty damn sure that isn't the right score...
NFL defends decision not to review Evans non-catch
[NSFW if you can lip read] Steve Weatherford Is Going To The Super Bowl 
I hope so too.
Eli, put on your superman cape. - throwback, but appropriate given the Giants Pats rematch
C-5 Galaxy Cockpit Over Gillette Stadium - Pats v. Ravens
Prognostication. Even though I am a Giants fan.
Jay Bilas
NFC Championship Matchup Review
The Best in Philly Sports
Joe Paterno's True Legacy
Please help! Buck to the Future!
Visual Representation of Chip Kelly's Last 24 Hours
Giants tried to target concussion-prone Williams
Brian Scalabrine - The World's Greatest 
Will the Real Chael Sonnen Please Stand Up: Inside the Contender's Training Camp
Reddit has helped to stop SOPA and PIPA.  Can't it also help stop the man they call Skip Bayless?  
Do you collect autographs from Baseball players?
Tigers sign Prince Fielder
MOST FUCKING AWESOME SPORT IN THE WORLD!
When athletes and music try and share the same stage
Why is Jon Gruden on the cover of a vampire romance novel?
I've been having a little discussion on Reddit lately.  What is your definition of a sport?
The Difference Between the Eagles and Giants? One Man: Eli Manning.
Ben Crane's Lost Love of Gymnastics
Russian hockey trick shot sorcery 
Combined Salaries for A-Rod, Pujols, and Fielder More Than GDP of 12 Countries
Inside the Industry: Super Bowl XLVI edition
Peyton Manning Is Miami Dolphins' 'Top Priority,' According To Report
Greatest Dunker + Greatest Commentator!
Why I won't miss Greg Schiano at Rutgers
My friend at Breckenridge Terrain Park.  Amazing image capture by other friend.
Lacrosse Players Used Drugs Most Among Athletes, NCAA Says
It's Payton Manning's Fate is Decided...
How far do pro tennis players run in a match on average?
Clarke, the Canadian Hockey Goalie
US Skier Claims She Was Disqualified From The X-Games For Sarah Burke Tribute, French at the Center of Another Controversy
First snowmobile front flip ever!
The real reason why the Ravens missed the final field goal.
most shocking super bowl development: bill belichick smiles
Blue Jays star Jose Bautista to be the cover athlete for MLB 12 The Show in Canada
What's Wrong with Women's Tennis?
dunk of the year - griffin over perkins, OH MY GOD
so Blake Griffin just did this.. it's worth watching
The last Giants-Pats Super Bowl cost Vegas $2.6M (only loss in last 10 SBs).
George Bailey to revive history after 135 years
25 Greatest Teams To Not Win The Super Bowl
The WAGs of Super Bowl XLVI
Jackson Muprhy BMX Edit, Australia
Texas Longhorns National Signing Day roundup, Hook Em
Reddit, please help one of my best friends win a sponsoring for the expedition of his dream. He's an Alpinist, and last year, he lost his father,brother and friend on Grossglockner in Austria. I think it could make him feel better 
Finally grew some balls and went skydiving.  It was awesome.
Worlds Strongest Cheerleader - YouTube
Missy Modell - G-Men Are Back Again (We Found Love Remix)
Team World Is Currently Beating Team USA in U-19 Football, 21 - 9
Greg Jennings - Madden Broken Leg
Auburn recruit cites Chick-fil-A as factor saying no to Clemson
Phil Mickelson wins lawsuit to find out identity of online heckler
So First Row Sports just got taken down by the ICE. Any suggestions for alternatives?
Controversial topic but.. Does anyone else think LeBron, or any other player in the NBA is on steroids or PEDs? Here's the pics that sparked my interest..
If I could say one thing to Eli Manning, it would be this.
Beli-chic: Is Bill Belichick Quietly the NFL’s Best Dressed Coach? - Slate Magazine
Which states are pissed about this Super Bowl matchup?
Unlike Patriots, NFL slow to embrace 'Moneyball'
What Happens to the Losing Team’s Championship Shirts?
My New Favorite Sport
The Moral Equivalent to Football
Will Blue Laws Make For A Melancholy Super Bowl Sunday? 
If you're up there.. please save me.. superman.
Aaron Rodgers in the prime of his career is already doing analysis for NBC. 
No need to watch the Super Bowl....
Papa John, Post-Coin Toss
I know I hate my friends when...
Gambler Wins $50,000 On A Super Bowl Safety Prop Bet
My Norwegian neighbor's reaction to Manningham's catch
Super Bowl Results
HEres how i felt when i lost my bet on the super bowl
When i loose a super bowl bet
UMass has huge riot after loss to the Giant's 
Gisele Bundchen blames Tom Brady’s wide receivers for Patriots’ loss
When will football overtake soccer to become the most watched sport on TV worldwide? Since it's more exciting why hasn't it already?
The worst kind of sports fan and why I hated Super Bowl XLVI
Lets give it up to the Giants for being champs!
After losing the Super Bowl, some guys cry in their beer, others prefer to sulk in their hotel rooms. Rob Gronkowski and Matt Light danced shirtless at a Patriots post-game party.
Good story on (real) African-Americans and coming to American for football
Comeback for AI?
Austin Rivers has ice in his veins
Video of Dukes Austin Rivers hitting a buzzer beater 3 to beat UNC
I will never understand cricket. 
Mo Williams hurting himself and Clippers with selfish attitude
Will Ferrell announces the Hornets' starting lineup. Hilarity ensues
Why am I getting shit for not liking this game? It's a stupid game, right?
Who did the Giants play in Super Bowl 46?
Bill Belichick to New England Patriots on final drive: Make them go to Manningham
kevin love is dirtayyy
Australia get an uncomfortable victory over Sri Lanka
UK fans causes Disposition to trend on Merriam-Webster.com after Billy Donovan uses the word to describe UK and they have to look up the meaning
Troll masta
Jeremy Lin's Father
WORLD PEACE HAS SOME ADVICE FOR JEREMY LIN
Randy Moss Says He's Coming Back
Was this Tweet racist?
Amar'e Stoudemire talks lin and returning to the knicks (Video)
judge rules: Sandusky can see his grand kids. does this mean he'll be found NOT guilty?
Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather Jr.'s takes on Knicks' phenom, Jeremy Lin.
Google News Outs Randy Moss...
The best player KG ever played with...MUST WATCH
Nervous Match ends in a tie: India vs Sri lanka
Jeremy Lin is not as big as Tim Tebow, sez irrefutable science (irrefutable science being Google) 
Rangers go into administration after dramatic court battle
Knicks Pioneer Roots for the Underdog in Lin - Wat Misaka, 88, played three games for the Knicks in November 1947. For a long time he was remembered, if at all, as the first Asian-American player — the first nonwhite player, really — in the N.B.A.
Lin game winner + post game interview
There's a new sport in town...
Knicks hardware upgrade...
The real reason why Lin has gotten so big
I don't always buy drugs
Yahoo Sports Commentator talks about Mayweathers ignorant tweets of Jeremy Lin...makes ignorant comments himself.
Kate Upton Graces Cover of Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue 
Why is there not an ESPN Detroit?
HELP ME WIN!!!! PLEASE VOTE!!!!  I designed a jersey for Kenya because of their national motto HARAMBEE displayed on their crest on the right sleeve. In Swahili, Harambee means pulling together or all for one. It is the cry of the fishermen as they draw their nets towards the shore. 
F Off Houston Rockets...
The Piggyback Bandit has been banned from 5 states. Easily the strangest sports story I've read in a while. (x-post from /r/offbeat)
Jerry Linn Will You Be My Date?
Dear USA, what's up with your Sportscenter? Alternatives?
LeBron won't rule out return to Cavs
Lebron James and Skrillex are similar in some respects.
NY Met Gary Carter, Hall of Fame catcher dies at age 57 from brain cancer
With pitchers catchers report just two days away i remember that
Sky confirms F1 iPad app with 'four-way' multiscreen viewing
The 2012 College Baseball season starts today! Join us at r/collegebaseball!
Kenny F'n Powers (1992 Upper Deck)
I think we can all agree on this (sports video games)
They all died.
ESPN gets a little bit racist...
Play-by-play of high school games I've done over the past couple of months. Some sound better than others, both in terms of content and audio quality. Have a listen.
Duh, Linning!
Richard Lavi fastest century helped S.A to win by 8 wickets
Taiwan: Jeremy Lin Linsanity persists despite the end of the Knicks' winning streak
ESPN headline writer fired after racist slur against Jeremy Lin
I swear this is what knicks fans and all my Asian friends on facebook have been doing for the past week
ARE YOU NOT LINTERTAINED?!
Greatest HS Basketball Dunk You'll Ever See
Tim Tebow and Jeremy Lin set to star in buddy action movie...plot is puzzling...
Boxing fans: educate the uneducated.
Allen Iverson receives offer to play indoor soccer
Should every NBA season be 66 games?
Love AI? Me Too. In Defence Of: Allen Iverson
Jeremy Lin Wants To Copyright Linsanity
Former Player Prepares Athletes for Success in Franchising Post-Retirement. Pro athletes get valuable financial advice on franchising from former NFL player Anthony Simmons.
The EXACT moment I close the browser window to an ESPN story.
Scumbag Yahoo
John Dunlop football card found in Michigan farmhouse
A Bit Still Salty
I know you're all tired of hearing about Lin but, this is a really good read. ...a Fox newscaster felt it appropriate to tweet after a Lin victory that “Some lucky lady in NYC is going to feel a couple of inches of pain tonight.”  How droll.  -George Tekai
Anyone else wonder why is tongue is blue?
Kwame Brown says he taught Andrew Bynum everything he knows
a FREE bodyweight for soccer program
Stephen A. Smith has a good rant about race in the media.
SI is having a Cover Challenge for its March issue. I think we should make it clear to them The Face needs to be on there (i.e. the dude with the giant cutout of his own face)
NL MVP Ryan Braun Suspension Upheld
Asian American Journalists Association releases guidelines on Jeremy Lin media coverage
DLHQ Derek Holland Interview--We need more guys like this is professional sports 
If you could be in the stadium of any sports event ever, which would you choose?
Danica Patrick wins pole for Nationwide race at Daytona 
Jeremy Lin interview at Studio Classroom in 2011
Hey Brauny! Glad to hear it was only herpes!!! 
Why isn't this guy getting more attention?
Dana White says Floyd Mayweather Jr. is a 'racist' for Jeremy Lin tweets - ESPN
someone who can REALLY dunk
Kobe Bryant Injury: Lakers Star Sustains Nasal Fracture, will be evaluated for concussion
A compilation of some massive kicks in AFL.
Bryant takes Jordan's record as West win NBA All-Star game
Kobe broke more than a scoring record in All-Star game; nose, too.
I am trying to start a 4 sport dynasty fantasy league. Join my subreddit if interested.
TIL if you don't resubscribe to ESPN Insider within a week you get a 25% discount.
Jeremy Lin -- Golden State Warriors -- OOPS!  via Fancloud.com
Would be huge for the Cardinals to get Molina locked up. One of the best catchers in MLB. 
Crazy guy. Crazy course. Some kind of death-wish.
World Record Paper Airplane Toss
My brother would like to know what you guys think of his spots blog posts.
Meet the Timbertrolls!
Lin Crossovers Wall and Dunks
Happy LEAP day r/sports!
NBA Players Shower Obama with Money—While the NFL Writes Checks to the GOP.
Are Andrew Luck and RG3 are much more similar than people want to admit? Why is this the NFL Draft to stage our new show: To Catch a Racist
Malice at the Palace: An Oral History
I think Ron Burgundy works for ESPN now
Are we done pretending we care about beating Italy yet?  
Steelers to release Hines Ward

Obama: such a hipster. He liked Jeremy Lin before it was cool.
Phil Mickelson backwards golf shot. Impressive
Olympic Seal Skin Uniforms? No Way! 
What record is more impressive, Wilt's 100 pts in 1962, Kobe's 81 points in 2006, or MJ's 63 points in a play-off game?
Matching DNA evidence linking rape victim to rapist, yet he is found not guilty of rape. WTF
JiSung Park- The Legend with 4 lungs.
Timothy Oezer - Baseball Recruit, Class of 2013
Really, ESPN? You couldn't have come up with a better headline for the New Orleans Saints bounty story? You had to go there (Katrina)?
I still watch this video every few months and it still gives me chills
Rangers vs Knicks. Which should you watch today?
Down Memory Lane - Fuzzy Zoeller and the most racist comment in Pro Golf History. 
Hoopmixtape top ten. Number 1 is NBA quality. 
Tammy and Peyton: Five Degrees of Separation
Cricket player Runako Morton dies in Car accident 
Illegal slam? From OHSAA wrestling state finals.
New Orleans Saints Bounty Program: Convicted Felon, Former Reggie Bush Agent Michael Ornstein Provided Funds
Grantland Did An Awesome Retrospective On Rasheed Wallace's Career, I Think r/Sports Will Appreciate It
Soccer player gets red card for diving despite being unconscious and on a stretcher...
Prince Harry is now officially faster than Usain Bolt!!
VCU is not only back in the NCAA Tournament, Treveon Graham straight up pants'd one of drexels players in the CAA championship.
incase you missed this last night... 
Next year, I'm taking my laser rocket arm to...
KINGS STAY IN SACRAMENTO 
J.P. Arencibia's impression of Tim Kurkijan is absolutely hilarious
I have to go now. My planet needs me. - the ball
Tampa woman alleges in suit Tampa Bay Buccaneer Aqib Talib threatened to 'put a cap' in her during 2010 traffic accident
Pacquiao offers 70/30 PPV revenue split to Mayweather - to be turned down, AGAIN
Is Peyton Manning going to end up being the most beloved athlete of all time?
Super Rugby Team of the Week
Michelle Beadle cookie challenge???
Bill McLaren rugby centre preferred Hawick site chosen
Gasol Ga-sent Packing? – Rumors swirl that Lakers Pau Gasol Traded « LAKER MAGIC
Vanilla Ice Remodeling Dwayne The Rock Johnson's New Mansion; A Fan's Reaction - Yahoo! Sports
Mario Balotelli meets Noel Gallagher
Peyton Manning Your Carreer Will go on Miami Dolphins fans
Tak Ball international tournament in Bangkok
Watching the First Pro Paintball Event of the season check it out leave comments.
Rubio out for season with torn ACL
Madness Luck
Report: Manning favors Denver; Broncos would trade Tebow 
Worst poll in ESPN history
Top 5 Greatest Female Wrestlers of All Time - Yahoo! Sports
Manchester United vs Liverpool 11/02/12 – Luis Suarez refuses to shake hands with Patrice Evra
Im really curious as the what these guys were all looking at...we can only speculate..
Forever Snookered
Carleton University wins record tying 8th Basketball Championship
Mike Greenberg just joined Twitter this weekend.  Who are your favorite sports journalists/celebrities to follow on Twitter?
Britain at court to keep life Olympic doping ban
A friend of mine is trying to get his son into a good college by getting hits/likes on his son's JV Football Highlights video. He can have a career in this from what I've seen. If you're a fan of football or you just want to help out, check out this video. View, Like, and Share.
Entire Arena Football team cut before kickoff 
Totally jel... when I was in little league, the local pizza joint was our sponsor... this sponsor probably has better parties!
Basketball Skills. What do you think? 
Baseball's Owners Impressed With Five Bids For Dodgers As Magic Johnson Leads Way With $1.6 Billion Offer 
In robbery of a #1 seed, Syracuse star Fab Melo to miss NCAA tournament for undisclosed reason.
Where will Peyton Manning land? - NFL Nation Blog - ESPN
Andrew Bogut for Monta Ellis in deadline deal
You know how I know Linsanity is almost dead? 50% off merchandise at this Times Square store
TIL that I'm playing a concert in Sidney Crosby's Hometown (Cole Harbour, NS), on the same night that he returns from injury! What are the chances that people in his town like live roots music more than Hockey?
Beautiful visualization of an NCAA Tournament prediction model
Woodsanity
Thanks, ESPN! (filling out my bracket)
We interrupt this subreddit for a 'bracket service announcement'
Turkish Soccer Fans respond after being told they can't light flares anymore
NBA Trade Deadline Reactions
Good Guy Boss
Sachin Tendulkar, an Indian cricketer, just hit his 100th century in International cricket. That's 100*100 runs
Pitching Machine Coupon Codes
Pettitte comes out of retirement, joins Yanks

Goals of the week
An Amateur soccer club in Bosnia
When the team I picked to win it all gets bounced in the first round of March Madness.
Linsanity merch marked down 50% in Times Square drug store
Can someone please explain to me why everyone hates Duke so much?
Downhill Skating is a Thing
Ashley Judd Steals Kentucky Player's Phone
No Fluke, Luke Donald Wins Regains #1 Spot
After watching basketball all weekend...
Futurama Xavier fry
airsoft pistols
Here is What's Wrong w/College Sports
THE Most Important ABILITY to Have as an Athlete? Ask Coach Al
Lebron James &amp; Dwight Howard vs. Dwyane Wade &amp; Kobe Bryant 
The Greatest Wrestler of the Last 40 Years in a March Madness Bracket - Yahoo! Sports
Awesome Hockey Brawl
Golf Store
Do the coaches know in advance that there will be a fight at the beginning of a hockey?
Maybe it wasn't Tebow's fault the Broncos had trouble getting in the endzone...
Lebron, Wade, Bosh as kids!
Just to be sure.
Saints Head Coach Sean Payton suspended for the full 2012 season
Saints head coach Sean Payton suspended one calender year, Saints will lose 2nd round draft pick, and must pay half million dollar fine for 'Bounty Scandal'
Roger Goodell puts the ban-hammer on the Saints!
Sean Payton suspended for entire season.
Amazing! 3 Globetrotters take on full team
Jeremy Lin, Knicks Beat Raptors -- Four Straight Wins With Woodson
Tebow a Jet, Snags Averted
I look at it this way: Acquiring Tim Tebow is only like the second worst thing jets have done to NYC...
The REAL reason Tebow wants to go to the Jets... (xpost from r/funny)
Muamba was clinically dead for 78 minutes
Impressive catch for a 14 year old
Is baseball a sport?
Overall, the effect is another Civil War...
Real Madrid Resort Island
Horrible Photoshop by ESPN 
Tebow to the Jets?
Why does basketball have free throws instead of just automatically awarding foul points?
Snapped this gem watching the Ohio State/Cincy game tonight.
Indiana Basketball: The Resurrection
Saints Bounty-gate Code Red
50 Hilarious Athlete TwitPics
Onionesque: NCAA Announces Changes To Hunger Games Format
Kadri Shootout Goal
Miami Heat don hoodies in response to death of teen Trayvon Martin - ESPN
Pat Robertson Rips Tebow Trade, Hopes Manning Gets Injured - YouTube
Do you guys enjoy watching Skip Bayless or Charles Barkley?
NBA Players Union calls for arrest, resignations in Trayvon Martin murder
Quincy Acy of Baylor with Thunderous Inbounds Alley-Oop Dunk! CRAY! 
Standing Up to the N.C.A.A. 
Antonio Cromartie of New York Jets changes tack, says Tim Tebow can help 
There is No Such Thing As I Don't Have Time - Yahoo! Voices - voices.yahoo.com
Orlando Basketball Arena Blown up
Kung Fu Soccer Volleyball... its as awesome as it sounds
Victoria Azarenka shows her fighting spirit on meeting UFC star Rashad Evans | Tennis News | ESPN.co.uk
My concerns for the Chicago Bulls as the playoffs approach: Local fan's perspective
what is your favorite/best tiger moment?
Long, maddening fall for former No. 1 Matt Bush
Tebow excited to be a Jet?
Kimbo Slice landing a very suspicious knockout against Brian Green. One of the most obvious boxing match fixes of all time.
No one, I repeat, NO ONE on the Philadelphia 76ers will ever be as good as Allen Iverson
Pitcher R.A. Dickey Admits He Was Sexually Abused As A Child, Considered Suicide As An Adult.
Not what I was looking for...
Joe Montana says Sanchez better than Tebow. So that should settle things. 
Wayne Rooney breaks kids wrist
This is one angry manager. LOTS OF SWEARING
SOLD: Magic Johnson, Stan Kasten acquire Dodgers
Bulls Critical Thinking Question
Tim Tebow is one of the top five most coveted celebrity endorsements, new marketing index shows (not just among athletes)

Isn't that sac-religious?
Jose Canseco: Environmental Activist
Jeremy Lin benched again tonight against Orlando
Nike has won a temporary restraining order against Reebok, stopping it from selling Tim Tebow apparel.
Tiger Woods Vs. Magic Johnson... This weeks two big headliners pose an interesting question.
A player's health wasn't a big concern back in the day. Just drag him off, there's a game to play!
COMING in MAY -- Sparky and Me
Anyone interested in fantasy baseball? 
TIL that Shaolin Monks do not feel pain 
How To Do Beginner Skateboarding Tricks - How to Ollie
In preparation of the Final Four: The Five People That You Meet in a Sports Bar
New York Giants backup RB Andre Brown suspended four games  
I'm pretty sure that I could have picked this final four
Potomac Falls Softball loses 0-4 to Briar Woods
The 100 Ugliest People in Sports
Byron Leftwich QBs Marshall with a broken plant leg, gets carried down field between plays.
Norfolk Admirals making hockey history with 22-game winning streak...longest in North American Professional Hockey History.
Dumb Question:  Why can't sports leagues and or teams go public and be traded on the stock market?
Screw butterfly I do the ragefly
NCAA Basketball Championship Drinking Game
Matt Cain to become highest paid right-handed pitcher in MLB history
Kentucky Fried Chicken
this the shirt of a premier league soccer team in england, is it just me or the logo in the chest looks weird?
Worldwide Wes sitting over the shoulder of Kentucky's NCAA title run, who is Worldwide Wes you ask? 						OregonLive.com
Why you don't show off.
Most unintentionally hilarious picture in the history of sports [fixed]
Regarding MLB.tv's Blackout Restrictions.
Athlete Stock Market StarStreet Launches Daily Fantasy Baseball Game (x-post from r/fantasybaseball)
Greg Williams recorded speech of hurting the 49ers
The Packers don’t want your fancy-schmancy uniforms
Worst travel in NBA history!
Worst/Most Awesome Baseball Cards in History
which do you enjoy better, fantasy football or fantasy baseball?
glad Tampa Bay's Luke Scott decided to go with The Wolverine this year
What happens when Notre Dame athletes are accused of sexual assault?
The next BIG thing in GOLF thinking like the next BIG then in golf...
Lakers Lose
Brock Lesnar and the Rock's WWE Contracts Revealed - Yahoo! Sports
Is Paul Konerko a Hall of Famer?
Miami Marlins manager Ozzie Guillen apologized on Saturday for telling a magazine that he loves Fidel Castro, a comment that prompted to team to issue a statement denouncing the Cuban dictator.
Anyone notice when a golfer hits the ball into the crowd, they make a small ally way for them to hit it down. Does this seem insanely unsafe? 
Ladies and gentlemen, your MLB league leader in wins:
Best case scenario if Charles Barkley shows up in your basement
A (Heat) Stroke of Genius: What's Holding the Miami Heat Back?
U.S. Olympic gold medalist diver Mark Lenzi dies at 43 (x-post from news)
this guy took a jackhammer to his shoes
NHL Woos Fans By Increasing Scoring With Bigger Nets, 3-Point Line
      - YouTube
Hey /r/sports, I made a hockey jersey subreddit. If you like to talk hockey jerseys, come and join us!
The Madden Curse is spreading!
being beaten down in Baltimore
Come join us in /r/soccercirclejerk
Full contact Football on Unicycles... Yes, this is a real thing. 
Bad Luck Helm
Adam Morrison
The Chosen One
Goals of the week
Brandon Dubinsky of the Rangers does his best Super Bowl celebration impression.
Married couple bids $100,000 to spend day with New York Jets' Tim Tebow 
Reddit, help me get into football. 
 Brawl Time
2 Pucks on Ice During Rangers/Senators Playoff Game (NHL)
What if you had a say in your favorite NFL team?
Trent Richardson, soon to be a NFL first round pick, takes cancer survivor to prom - We Need More Pro Athletes like him
Professional Bull Riding website - reliable because it is a professional association that has been around since 1994. The site is constantly updated, is very informative and also provides contact information. 
This is what SHOULD happen if a soccer player is hit.
Fabrice Muamba discharged from hospital one month after cardiac arrest
I thought id post the online draft board for the WNBA draft.  
Trent Richardson takes a cancer survivor to her senior prom.  This guy is a true role model.
WR Brian Quick of Appalachian State Ranked In Top Ten WRs For 2012 Draft
how I see the heat
Today Jamie Moyer became the oldest pitcher to ever win an MLB game. How could you not cheer for him?
With the retirement of Pat Summit ESPN has a 'Rank the 30 Greatest Coaches' but I am more interested in who you think was left out and who should not be on the list?
Amazing and pretty much unheard of comeback in ND3 shinty league: Strathspey v Lewis Camanachd
      - YouTube
Pro Paintball PaintballAccess.com, Watch Event 2 of the PSP online! Live! and for Free!
r/Sports, people in Charlotte have started a petition to bring the Hornets name back to Charlotte.  If you care, please join us in petitioning to have our Hornets back.
Dwight Howard undergoing season-ending back surgery
Goals of the Premier League. How could you possibly pick the best!?
Stephen Hill NFL Draft Profile
Reddit, do you understand the Sport side of Paintball? Streaming live in 15 minutes from the University of Phoenix. There is also VOD of Fridays games available.
Curious about those Cheap Jersey websites?  My order came in today.
Flyers Round 1, Game 6 Locker Room Celebration
I think all you pee-drinking crap faces will enjoy rewatching this classic scene from The Sandlot.
Turns out the NHL pays Buzzfeed to do articles on its players, the Stanley Cup, etc.
Jets to use Tebow on special teams...
Roger Clemens' PEDs prosecutors still face an Andy Pettitte problem as the second trial begins
The Real Househusbands of Philadelphia visit Sidney Crosby's house
Andrew Luck is being sued just before the draft
Which do you think happens first: the Royals win 100 games in a season or Tim Tebow loses his supposed virginity?
This needs to be an hour longer
NBPA sends anti-Derek Fisher memo
This must have been seen before but here's the entire Toronto Raptors' season in one animated gif.
Asante Samuel is now a Falcon.
Tennessee baseball player breaks own car windshield with game-winning homer | Prep Rally - Yahoo! Sports
The NFL to get rid of Pro Bowl? 
Keeling Pilaro, male field hockey player, banned for being too good at the sport.
The douchebag in the seat next to you
Al Bundy: Polk High Star to the NFL
Penis on Suns' post game show
Mark this Post Right Here, Brandon Weeden will do an Excellent Job in Cleveland.  Plus, there is only one way to go in Cleveland - Up ;) Just need a solid receiver now!
Hockey Loss Sets Off Slurs, and Boston Asks, 'Again?'
The WWE Guide to the NBA - Which NBA Players Are Which WWE Superstars
Hilarious! Russell Wilson's Wife Is Thrilled He Was Drafted
wow this must've really sucked...
Derrick Rose tears ACL. Out for rest of the playoffs
The Original (╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻  - Jim Rome
New world record! 
Marc Gasol in high school.
Ovechkin on his lack of ice time: Sometimes you just have to put eye in your butt and, you know, play for everybody.”
Brandon Jennings Has a Tattoo Of Chicken and Waffles
They Can Never Stop Us...
TIL you can automatically export your favorite teams' schedules into your calendar using a tool provided by ESPN.
Does anyone else wish they would get rid of the draft in major American sports and implement the relegation system?
Kansas City Chiefs for The Win
My soccer team, shot by a teammate
Mayweather once again said it is basic common sense that Pacquiao has used performance-enhancing drugs and getting in the ring with him would be a risk to his future health. 
Really guys?
I guess you can never stop rooting for your team
Junior Seau, Famed N.F.L. Linebacker, Dies at 43 in an Apparent Suicide
Junior Seau Dead at 43 by Reported Suicide; A Fans Reaction - Yahoo! Sports
r/Sports Mods: Please do your job
The Curse of the '94 Chargers: Withe Seau's suicide, eight members of this team are already dead.
As an Oriole's fan, this is how I feel right now.
Hey r/sports who do you think is the greatest sportsman of all time?
Terrell Suggs likely out for season with torn Achilles
Tommy Rees of Notre Dame Fighting Irish jailed after alleged confrontation with police 
As a born and raised San Diegan, I'll miss you Say-OW
Football clubs dominate world ranking of highest-paying sports clubs
NOOOOOOOO Amare!
Does anyone else think Seau left his brain intact on purpose?  I'm sure it would be a great help to science.
Mariano Rivera diagnosed with torn ACL, potentially out for the entire season
Carlos Marmol has seen a lot of things...
Hilarious accounting of last night in sports.
Miami Heat Exclusive: LeBron James Might Opt-Out Of Contract In 2014
Wife Material: Top 10 Sports Reporters You’d Marry In A Heartbeat
Ray Allen: The 3 Point King 
The film Senna is an absolute must for any sports fan, one of the best documentaries I've seen - my review here
best athlete to their sport in all of sports?
Pujols Actually Hit a Homerun?
If Mike Smith
BIG
Just Awesome: Special Olympics Golfer has hit 3 Hole-in-Ones
Even Though The Lakers Have A State of The Art Gym Kobe Still Works Out At 24 Hour Fitness
What I think I do when I play Frisbee...
DAE feel like there have been a lot more ACL injuries this year than there have been in previous years?
New drinking game: If a foul ball lands in your beer, chug your beer
The only thing in Baltimore that can stop Josh Hamilton from homering
ANybody else think this guy is the Ron Burgundy of ESPN?
Damn, the Diamond Backs have one of coolest announcers doing their games, Mark Grace and Co. always seem to come up with cool things for unsuspecting Fans and make going to the Ballpark Fun.
Patriots 2012 Season Preview.
An Open Letter From a Thunder Fan to Former Supersonics Fans
Super Cuts and Great Clips fight over who gets to cut QB Jimmy Clausen's hair.
Not having Scalabrine in the game is the reason The Bulls lost last night. 
Bayern president unhappy with the ticket prices of CL Final
Bryce Harper needs ten stitches after hitting himself in the face in a dugout tantrum
Phoenix Suns legend Dan Majerle bare-handing a ground-rule double  while walking with a plate of food in the stands at Diamondbacks game 
Watching James is like watching a Ferrari stuck in traffic. You know what it can do, and you want to see it happen, but the driver just revs and moves along.
What professional athlete do you think would do well in a different sport?
Bosh out Indefinitely
First Pitch.
Crazy strike-three call
Dub dub dub
the wind up... and the pitch?
My buddy's dog is a true best friend - Golf shagger
25 Terrible ESPN baseball headshots
Reedit I have an opportunity to host my own sports radio show. Any ideas for a show name?
Just Chuck Norris and Walter Payton on a boat
Clemens' trainer saved steroids, HGH waste
ESPN Radio is making you buy the app for a second time....at a higher price.
Anybody want to start a reddit Euro 2012 fantasy football league? 
Reddit Debate: Chris Bosh(Heat) or Horace Grant(Bulls)???
Manny Pacquiao doesn't want you dead - A gross misquote gets out of hand -- but the iconic boxer still has a long way to go on the sensitivity front
Shaving a picture of Matt Bonner in his head could net a young Spurs fan an in-school suspension. I am like whoa, though.
If you had to pick the teams you root for not by where you're from, but by who has the best uniforms, who would you pick in each league?
Rio Ferdinand, about how his Euro 2012 campaign will be spent at home - on the couch. . 
Conference realignment: If Florida State and Clemson head to the Big 12, where does that leave the ACC?
What happens if an MLB manager gets ejected from a game after it has happened? Are they thrown out of the next game?
Yahoo sports tells it like it is.
Video of the bee swarm that caused a delay in today's Rockies-Diamondbacks game at Coors Field
ABC affiliate refers to Metta World Peace as Lakers Idiot
Vancouver Whitecaps FC vs Toronto FC - Eric Hassli Goal from a few nights ago
Oh snap, thanks ESPN! I better turn that game on 
1 Million Views and my wife pays for my season ticket renewal...
Would Larry Bird thrive in today's NBA?
Dwyane Wade?
EXCLUSIVE - Reffing and Playing Rugby's ELVs - the inside story on reffing and playing the iRB's new law amendments
Rarest of all Honus Wagner card at auction. Only two copies known to exist.
Golden State Warriors moving to San Francisco in 2017
Kareem Abdul Jabbar Fails at Jeopardy
Rooting for Kerry Wood might have been Cubbie, but it felt so right
Eddie Vedder, Chris Chelios, &amp; Kerry Wood sang karaoke at a Chicago bar last night (video)
Greatest And1 in NBA History
Report: Multiple people wounded in Oklahom City after the Thunder eliminate the Lakers
Blame Ramon Sessions!
Poor, poor Mitch Kupchak. The Lakers GM's sadness captured by TNT in very slow motion (video)
This is a great story and should happen more often
Poland to educate Euro 2012 fans on safe sex
The Best Story Going on in Sports Right Now
Van Gundy had character
Staples Center- 6 Games in 72 Hours. 
Time-lapse video of STAPLES center this weekend: 2 sports, 3 teams, 6 home playoff games. (x-post from /r/NBA)
Stanford names their OC the Andrew Luck Director of Offense
Tyson Chandler won Defensive Player of the year, but didn't make All-Defensive First Team
The silent enemy of men's sports (Title IX article)
Baseball Fan Catches Back to Back Homerun Balls!! [vid]
Snoop Dogg Tebowed after throwing out the first pitch at tonight's White Sox game (video)
ELI5: Why NBC has an exclusive TV deal with Notre Dame?
Should Fighting Be Banned in the NHL? 
I'm not usually one for diving catches in baseball, but this is simply incredible
Anyone else seen a notable player's MLB debut? Here's my ticket from Tulo's
Something I've noticed about the remaining teams in the playoffs
Police: 5-time champ Johnny Tapia found dead in NM -
Ex-marine turned Beer Man weighs in on Memorial Day and the day's sports showdowns
Think all athletes use cliches? So do journalists...
Gordon Ramsay gets taken out in a charity soccer match
Appreciating Rondo
We've all written off the Celtics. NOT SO FAST
Eric Wedge on possibly moving Ichiro out of No. 3 spot
San Antonio is halfway to turning the Western Conference finals into a runaway.
Paul Williams driving too fast before crash.  
30-year-old boxer severed his spinal cord after falling from his motorcycle....
Sports filled night. Braves are playing, Lord Stanley's Cup is on, USA vs. Brazil, and the Celtics play the heat.
The Bobcats would have gotten the green light for a brand new training facility if they had gotten the #1 pick... looks like they have to keep their old practice gym
You gotta believe!
Men's Tennis Is Better Than Ever, But Is Anyone Watching?
Who Watches the Women Who Watch the Men Who Watch the Women Who Watch Sports?
Jews and Baseball. Not only wearing the suits, don't look so bad in uniform either!
The NBA draft lottery on cable had higher ratings than the overtime Stanley Cup game on network tv.  
What, to you, is the most impressive sports statistic?
As a Red Wings fan, this annoys me to no end. ಠ_ಠ
Red Auerbach's flopping PSA. Pretty good.
Runner helps fallen competitor across the finish line.
James Harden is literally a beast (Crosspost at r/NBA)
Kurt Busch looks like a real-life, grown-up, serial killer version of Woody from Toy Story
Belmont Stakes 2012: I'll Have Another starts from post 11 in 12-horse field
The new MLB Draft rules are an absolute joke and teams are treating them as such. 
My friend is one of the luckiest guys I know.
Good Job, Good Effort Kid tries to Cheer-Up a crying Tim Tebow
      - YouTube
Only 50 days left until the Olympics!  Join us in /r/Olympics for more links and discussion!
As A Seattle SuperSonic fan this is how feel about okc making it to the NBA Finals... :0/
Ochocinco to be released from Patriots
ESPN knows how to promote soccer to an American audience...
My friend's little brother is obsessed with Ndamukong Suh and he's third place for a chance to go to a football camp and see him. So I ask you, Reddit, for help.
Who will game 7 of the Heat and Celtics? - poll results
What the hell, /r/sports?
While secretly recorded, defendant admits to beating fan outside of Dodger Stadium. We need to come up with a good (expletive) defense.
Despite most pundits scoring the fight for Manny Pacquiao, Timothy Bradley Jr. becomes the controversial new WBO welterweight champion.
Apparently Bob Arum handles both Bradley and Pacquaio...
Cup Check!
Should college football even exist? A story of illiterate players and the role of cfb in our society - what's your take reddit?
Bob Arum refuses Pacquiao-Bradley rematch, wants investigation into scoring controversy - Yahoo! Sports
Jerry Sandusky child sex-abuse case begins in Pennsylvania court
Don't hate the heat, hate your underachieving team 
What would be some ways to improve soccer and make it palatable to American tastes?
Which sport does playing at home give the biggest advantage?
The Kings have played a great game but we're looking forward to game 7 in Newark! - CJ Ross and Duane Ford.
With Stanley Cup Win, Mike Richards joins Scott Niedermayer in Winning Every Major Championship
Dejan Stankovic EXCLUSIVE: Not for retirement yet!
Is that an ironic name for this guy? Oh my
Tiger stops mid-swing on range and tweaks back at US Open
Euro 2012 violence among Polish and Russian fans could prompt changes by UEFA and FIFA 
Reddit, will you vote to get Chipper Jones in the MLB All-Star game as this is his final year?! k I love you all
Drivers, Don't be infected with rage. Someone could die, be sane and safe. &lt;video&gt;
Sporty nerds need your help to rep Canada at the Quidditch Olympics in London! 
ESPN decides the greatest debates in sports
Jim Rome goes all Jim Chris Everett on David Stern and the idea of a fixed Lottery
Lance Armstrong charged by US Anti-Doping Agency
Lebrons face after game 1 loss
Come on ESPN...
Here's what the final out of Matt Cain's perfect game sounded like on TV, radio, and on Spanish radio (video)
Mets Exploring ‘Quiet’ Section At Citi Field For Families With Autistic Kids
Presidential oversight committee to be presented multiple options for college football playoff 
Hockey mom walks onto the ice to break up a hockey fight. Makes everyone feel like they're 5...
Matt Cain Throws Perfect Game
Ireland the first team out of the Euro
Spain beats Ireland 4-0
For all the Boxing Fans: DON'T BE A LEMMING!
Right, I'm officially not watching the Olympics this Summer.
My favorite moment of the Euro soccer series thus far
Can Football become an Olympic sport?
Skip Bayless commercial 
Sergio Smash
Wallenda tightropes Niagara Falls. 0 dead.
Hustlers - Amazing (highlights)
Croatians Accused of Monkey Chants At Balotelli
Current Miami Heat Theme Song
Here is the coolest photo of Tiger Woods you'll see all week
Euro 2012: Czechs win behind Petr Jiracek 
Who was the greatest contributor to the world of sports?
An interesting analysis on how the Oklahoma City Thunder Changed Business for Oklahoma City and Seattle.
I just had a spur of the moment idea; I need a sport. Can you give me some suggestions?
Roger Clemens: Not guilty on all six counts. 
R.A. Dickey= The best pitcher in MLB
Any WFAN listeners? Is it me or did Steve Summers' voice (or mic) change in the last 3 months or so?  
Stare Dad Meme /// Charlotte Bobcats New Head Coach
Sandusky's lawyer Joe Amendola compared this trial to a soap opera. Which one? All My Children.
The day I stopped reading espn.com
Go-ahead run at '5th' after a 'botched robbery' by a 'henchman'
Drew Brees compares Saints bounty investigation to the WMD fiasco | Shutdown Corner - Yahoo! Sports
Bill Murray's 13-minute minor league baseball Hall of Fame speech
Still think Pacquiao was robbed? Think again...
Mahendra Singh Dhoni richer than Novak Djokovic, Sachin Tendulkar: Forbes - The Economic Times
Anyone else see Wade say motherfucker a few times as he was walking back to the locker room after his interview?
You Had One job goal line official... ONE JOB!
Tampa Bay Rays having a throwback jersey night... from 1979?!
It's looking like NCAA Football will be getting a four team playoff.
Euro 2012 TV Audience Up In North America And Why It Will Only Get Better - Forbes
Bryce Harper is a beast in the MLB...and he's only 19!
Remember the little boy who sent Brandon Jacobs $3.36 to stay with the Giants? Jacobs paid him back and hung out with him for the day.
LeBron in ~20-25 minutes. So happy.
Skeptical 3rd world kid might not even get shirts this years
I'm officially disgusted with people
How I feel after Miami just won the title....
Found this pretty odd while watching the finals.
Mario Balotelli plans his latest crazy stunt
Derrick Rose's Finals Lament
Ex-MLB star Schilling says he's 'tapped out,' baseball fortune gone - chicagotribune.com
Congratulations to Miami Heat from the Original Harlem Globetrotters! 
LeBron's Disney Commercial (xpost from r/NBA)
Need an honest answer...is this picture photoshopped or not? (lebron...he looks weird)
Euro 2012 England vs Italy Preview with Expert Picks
ACC to invite Notre Dame and UCONN tomorrow.
New York Mets find home for Tim Byrdak's chicken 'Little Jerry Seinfeld' 
Saudi Arabia allowing females to compete in the Olympics for the first time
Presenting Mary Kom: mother of two and five-time world champion in Boxing. Also, arguably India's best medal prospect at the London Olympics. 
Tony Parker could miss Olympics
Game Ends When Player Forgets To Touch Home Plate After Game-Tying Home Run
Why don't foreign countries go crazy for Olympic soccer like they do for other soccer tournaments?
College Football Playoffs: BCS To Be Replaced By Four-Team Playoff In 2014
CNN on why England fails on the international stage: Too many bulldog warriors, not enough creative technicians.
The Harry Houdini of MLB
What happened in Lucerne when Italy won
Great picture of Mario Balotelli hugging his adoptive mother after scoring two goals on Germany.
Its no longer worth it to watch ESPN
Chris Bosh went to Taco Bell between the Heat’s championship and party
TV People Can't Pronounce Wimbledon Correctly - Excellent compilation with deriding correction from Alex Trebek
Careers that end prematurely are tragic. Careers that never really had a chance are moreso.
Russell Brand on Tim Tebow
Reddit, let's see video of your favorite announcer freakouts.
The first pick is proudly representing my alma mater
A visual representation of the tweets during Euro 2012
/sp/ explains why baseball sucks
Tennis players meetup at r/tennispartners! 
Tricky Raptors, Poor Knicks
Advice needed from football (soccer) fans: Where can I find more Euro-cup like action?
Tonight is one of the biggest nights in Australian sport. This is why:
Sean Payton, wife file for divorce
rangers kicked out of Scottish Premier League
Michael Johnson goes all Jimmy 'The Greek': I believe 'superior athletic gene' is in American slave descendants
Female F1 driver De Villota loses eye after test crash
Finally the BCS has listened to the most important people! THE FANS! We finally get a football playoff championship like there should be!
Greatest American Moments in Sports
M.L.S. Seen as Steppingstone to Europe for Promising Young Players - NYTimes.com
These 17 Teenage Phenoms Could Win Gold At The London Olympics

A Hypnotic Look At Every Goal In The NHL Playoffs
So this is what currently keeps me interested in sports during the abyss that is the time between the NBA Finals and the NFL Preseason
Family selling Lou Gehrig's 1928 World Series home run ball to pay for medical school
Brandon Roy is officially a Timber Wolf, so long Blazers
Sixers to drop Brand...he will still get $18 million owed
Penn State abuse report is expected to be 'very tough' on Joe Paterno, according to sources - ESPN
My brother is running an Iron Man for the Standing Tall Inc.  Any amount would help.  
Would anybody have any interest?
Check out Texas's response to A&amp;M's SEC spirit video
Texas Rangers Nope'd off the field.
Andy Murray Crying Wimbledon 2012 Final
When Kedzie Teller discovered he would be playing for Team USA in the Quidditch Summer Games in Oxford, England, his screams woke the neighbors.
Lightning Strike Near Rangers Ballpark Sends Players and Umps Running
Justin Verlander Dating Kate Upton? Could This Really Be Happening? Maybe. 
Mike Tyson explains what human ear tastes like (video)
ESPN Strikes Deal to Air More Political Ads in the Fall
Hope Solo's PMS Medication Leads to Public Anti-Doping Warning
Prince Fielder's Home Run Derby Revolution
Members Of The United States Postal Service Pro-Cycling Team Doping Conspiracy, Dr. Garcia Del Moral, Dr. Ferrari And Trainer Marti Receive Lifetime Bans For Doping Violations
Where can I stream the MLB all star game
The Weight Room at USC college
The 10 Biggest Trolls In Sports History
Guess Howard isn't going to Brooklyn...
Neil DeGrasse Tyson makes a great observation about the L.A. Angels
Who's the greater athelete:  Federer or Woods?  [Real-Time Poll]
Live: Review into Penn State's handling of Sandusky released – This Just In - CNN.com Blogs
Kevin Durant... Secretly Really Funny
I'll take you to the Final Four
Freeh Report assigns blame to Joe Paterno, other Penn State officials for Jerry Sandusky's crimes - Dan Wetzel, Yahoo! Sports
Official Report for the Sandusky Case
Hey r/sports, I created a subreddit for sports video packages, perhaps you'd be interested?
Let us remember the greatest celebration of our generation.
Saints and Brees agree on new deal
The other Olympic games:  at the 2000 Sydney Games, 70,000 condoms wasn't enough, prompting a second order of 20,000 and a new standing order of 100,000 condoms per Olympics.

Athletes spill details on dirty secrets in the Olympic Village
The Five-Point Plan To Rescue Penn State Football
I'm trying to get my foot in the door as a Major League Baseball scout. 
Jay Cutler's lackluster rendition of Take me out to the ball game
Everything You Need To Know About Louis Freeh's Damning Report On Penn State 
Maybe I'm a romantic, but I love seeing someones dream come true.
NFL Players Agree, Concussions Part of the Game. Man Up or Someone Else Will
Artist paints over Paterno's halo in Penn State mural. Anyone else think it's creepy this painting exists at all? 
Cricket Score: Sri Lanka vs Pakistan &amp;#8211; Day one, 1st Test at Galle
Paterno family to form own group of experts to counter what they see as hole in the Freeh Report
One of the greatest players to ever play Hockey. Nicklas Lidstrom's retirement is a sad day for the entire hockey community. 
Noticed this walking to work this morning...
God says his goal is to pitch in September
Top 50 Most Valuable Sports Teams. #38 was a bit of a surprise. 
Jamaica's Usain Bolt: Is He Still the World's Fastest Runner?
Kyrie Irving Challenges Kobe Bryant
For those who have ever wondered how do you actually play cricket, here is a quick crash course
I think Louisiana is a little upset about something. 
Frank Schleck positive doping test jolts Tour de France
Fox affiliate makes good decision showing Kate Upton dancing rather than Verlander highlights. 
Can someone please explain to me why Jim Rome is funny?
Jeremy Lin Saves $3M in Taxes by Plying his Trade in TX vs NY
Rockets win in grab for Lin; now Houston braces for Linsanity - Yahoo!
Quality goal by a young and upcoming talent in the MLS, Jose Villarreal
Rafael Nadal pulls out of London Olympics - Yahoo! Sports
What is going on with Cody Ross's Elbow?
Former ref says Russia deserved 1972 Olympic gold medal
Marshawn Lynch, Jason Kidd, and Kenny Britt combine to make elebenty-billion dollars. How does a group that can buy disposable limos fill up ESPN like this?
Pro athletes, Y U NO DRIVE SOBER!?!?
Guor Marial ran for his life to escape a Sudanese child labor camp. Now he will get to run at the Olympics.
Football, or soccer, is the most popular sport in Europe. We lock our hearts and brains to the results of the matches at weekends, Champions League or Uefa Cup. Every goal scored is enough to make us happy.
Like the majority of NBA fans out there I feel Kobe saying this years Olympic team could beat the Dream Team is a little ridiculous, but I think he would've had a better argument 4 years ago with the Redemption Team
NBC-Joe Paterno statue coming down
Paterno statue...I don't think it was the right choice...
Tomorrow will the big day for the football program- probably not a good day!
Yahoo Sport's finest report
The New Braunfels Herald Zeitung (Texas-based newspaper) REALLY hates Tiger Woods
For Mark Emmert, it’s all about the power grab
How does Baltimore stay so good with such a bad run differential?
With the sanctions from the NCAA, Joe Paterno is now the 'formerly' winning-est coach in history
Blue Jackets send Rick Nash to Rangers

After the IOC refused to have a moment of silence for Munich 1972, Bob Costas announces he will
It's a sad day when a typo this bad happens on TV.
(Go Minnestoa Twins)
How I felt when I found out that the Mariners traded Ichiro to the Yankees.
A silver lining for Knicks fans?
They can't cover up the bikini, it's beach volleyball! 
Has anyone thought... maybe there's more to it... maybe Sandusky knew something about Paterno?
This is a good in state rivalry. As a Michigan State Student I have enjoyed the last 3 years. 
A comprehensive history of WWE's victory over WCW during the Monday night wars (xpost from /r/wwe).
How Sports Illustrated’s ‘We Were Penn State’ Cover Missed the Point

Sports Illustrated’s latest cover takes a shot at school pride, continuing to define an entire university by its football program’s misdeeds despite lessons to the contrary.
Series of error-ridden 2 a.m. tweets mark NASCAR driver's first comment on drug suspension
SF Giants pitcher Brian Wilson &amp; Sasquatch now have a talk show
If you're better at something after a couple beers, it should not be an Olympic event!
yeah so...look at the size of Vernon Gholston's arms
NCAA considered 4 yr death penalty for Penn state
Rapper 50 Cent could take over promotion of pal Mayweather
Sources
What's the big deal? - A non-Londoner's perspective on the London 2012 Olympics 
The Olympics so far
My mom met this guy at the airport, no idea who he is and wants to know since everyone kept posing for photos with him and talking Football.
Futurama Fry goes to the Olympics
Lebron: We could beat Dream Team
Penn State Punishment: $60 Million Fine
5 Players Set to Shape Napoli's 2012-13 Season
Are we really switching to an under 23 team or a college only team instead of the dream team
Probably the dumbest tweet of The Olympics so far 
Jets fans get a look at Tebow.  Color them unimpressed.
Dodgeball as an Olympic Sport
How To Fence with US Olympic Fencing Stars
Cheating is as old as the Olympics 
Whenever I watch Olympics ...
The mystery of the Indian intruder at the Olympics opening ceremony | Case is not closed Chris Chase!
London 2012 - New Zealand reporting sports like a boss
    
TIL the Chicago Cubs haven't won the World Series since 1908, yet remain as the #4 most valuable baseball club in MLB
France stuns USA
MrLogue1021 Youtube channel taken down
This is the #1 reason the Dream Team is better than Kobe's Team USA
the definition of scrambled eggs
Bill Simmons on women's handball.
Ye set an fantastic world record of 4 minutes 28.43 seconds. Incredibly, over the last 50 meters she swam faster than Ryan Lochte did in the same event. BTW, it's a woman.
That olympian is very pregnant
Very nice moment of being polish
I've heard a lot of bad national anthemns before sporting events, but this one takes the cake. [vid]
Evidently, you can be arrested in the UK for being an a-hole
Phelps wins record breaking 19th Olympic Medal
Dream Team nearly gets beat...by women's soccer.
Pretty much the greatest Yahoo! Sports article ever.
This BBC Interview With Chad Le Clos's Father Is The Media Moment Of The Games So Far
Quick reminder of a Gold Medal moment--Kerri Strug from 1996
Samuel L. Jackson's Insane Twitter Account Proves He Is Team USA's Most Enthusiastic Fan
Is anyone else bothered by the automatic recognition of Michael Phelps as the greatest olympian ever?
Olympic badminton gives teams an incentive to lose
Epic Fail by Neymar last night. His buyout clause is €65 million.
India is getting an American Football League!
There's a movement afoot to require more sports to wear mouth guards. I think it should be optional. What do you think?
Russia snatched the game from Brazil with an epic 3 pointer with 4 seconds left! Plus he was FOULED! Here is a GIF
Reddit, Dressage at the Olympics should be full of athletes, both riders and horses, who perform at the highest level. Something is going dangerously wrong. Please help address this!
New study suggests the real reasons we don't tune in to women's sports
Floyd Mayweather just got released from jail. Guess who picked him up? None other than 50 Cent.
First Saudi woman competes in the Olympics in judo. In white, the announcer declared, as the two judokas walked into the arena, the first woman ever from Saudi Arabia, Wojdan Shaherkani. Even though she lost, the crowd gave her a standing ovation.
Ryan Lochte - what a difference 4 years make
Olympic Medal Results Adjusted for Population Size
They must be playing international soccer
Obama salutes U.S. athletes in weekly address
A Tribute to Marat Safin: A Man For The Ages.
Even in the Olympics Canadians apologize.
What I think of every time I watch the 100-meter
2012 Cascadia Olympians: Full rankings for athletes from around the Pacific Northwest
New York Jets players brawl near fans at team's practice - ESPN New York
Skateboard Stunt Video by Raven Tershay
Apt description, Yahoo.
PSU trustees file appeal on way to possible federal lawsuit against NCAA. Say that president lacked the legal authority to agree to sanctions, also that the NCAA didn't give the school due process for its usual investigation and enforcement procedures.
Christine Sinclair achieved a feat not seen since 2001; she scored a soccer hat trick against the vaunted US women's team.  As an American, I could not be more impressed.  Every goal was very impressive and well-earned.
Our womens soccer team dominates because there is no football, baseball or basketball competing for top female athletes. Isn't this perfect proof that our men's team would dominate soccer if our best athletes played soccer?
RB Henry reinstated from NFL ban, source says.
Dodge leaving NASCAR at end of 2012 season
r/Canada reacts to the USA vs. Canada Olympic women's soccer match
Ryan Lochte- Great Swimmer, Terrible Interview
if you watch basketball this will be your favorite music video ever. 
No idea what this means...
Cancel the Lolo Jones drama, how the media loves controversy.
All I can think of watching rhythmic gymnastics.
The Glorious Irrelevance of Modern Pentathlon
Can someone explain why the Cowboys are America's Team? 
TIL Manute Bol was the only player ever to have more blocks than points in his career. Also, he weighed 195lbs at 7'7 coming into the NBA. 
no no... I got it! Just keep riding
U.S. runner Manteo Mitchell finishes Olympic relay lap on broken leg (x-post from r/Olympics)
Definition of determination. Mitchell runs his leg in 4x400 relay with a broken leg. 
Families' homes may be repoed to pay debt on high school stadium turf
Bolt wins 200m; Jamaicans sweep medals
After watching Peyton Manning's return...
Dwight Howard to the L.A. Lakers
First Woman Football Referee Ever. Just saw her in the Chargers Preseason Opener
Hey guys, I'm the first Washington State University Ski Team Media Manager. Check out our first promo!
UCLA Bruins coach Jim Mora says, 'We don't have murders one block off our campus'  
An Alligator Eats A Big Ol' Snake At PGA Championship
The backup quarterback that the Detroit Lions deserve. 
Manny Machado hits 2 homeruns in the same game.. TO THE SAME FAN!!!
The Dream Team (1992 USA Olympic basketball team documentary)
“It’s like being selected for India for the first time”: Yuvaraj Singh
“I think I can bowl out Sachin, which is my aim in life” : Yohan Blake
Villanova Wildcats assistant men's basketball coach Doug Martin resigns due to resume inaccuracies  
Hudson River swimmer dies during Ironman race
The greatest footballer to ever live
If you watched the Olympics closing ceremony on NBC, you missed almost an hour of performances. Here are all of them (video)
The highs and lows of the 2012 Olympic 'crying games' - CNN.com
8 Crazy Fox News Freakouts About the Olympics
Found an old SI from 2003. Amazing how accurate that first prediction was...
Anybody have a chance to catch The Lights yet?
Shaq coughs up a lung seeing an NBADoppelganger
Who is this mystery Brazilian, Reddit?
Melky Cabrera suspended for 50 games after positive drug test
Arsenal is going to miss him. So will I
Nike Women's T-Shirt: Gold Digging. Consumer reaction: US ladies win two-thirds of the country's gold medals at the Olympics, and Nike rewards them with this sexist tee. Nike response: The t-shirt uses a phrase in an ironic way.
I'd hate to say the L word, but an NHL lockout is imminent 
This [video] will make you an instant Chris Weidman fan.
You weigh too much to play football  
The American regular season&amp;playoff thingy versus the global everyone plays everyone twice. Which league system do you prefer and why? 
Feedback for a Sports Quiz-type Android app
Puma Yard London Olympics 2012 Short Race Track - The Boiler House - YouTube
Wondering what Michael Phelps is doing after the London Olympics? Shredding of course! | The Ski Channel
No competition between Jets and Giants 
Really interesting AMA of (anonymous) athlete's PR guy
Already? Come On!
Lance Armstrong, Tour De France Winner, Fails To Block Doping Case Against Him
Tennis Referee Arrested in Death of Husband - Alledgely used a deadly and dangerous weapon(s), to wit, COFFEE CUP.
Oakland Athletics' Bartolo Colon suspended 50 games after testing positive for testosterone
Former LSU women's soccer goalie and Homecoming Queen, Mo Isom, to try out as kicker for this year's LSU Tigers football team today.
What do you think of Oregon's new unis this year?
Possible Rabies Exposure at Ravens Game
USADA says it will strip Lance Armstrong of 7 Tour de France titles, ban him from cycling for life
Armstrong gives up fight against doping charges.
Lance Armstrong proves he has the biggest heart of them all.
Lance Armstrong is done fighting. He will be stripped of all 7 titles.
Lance Armstrong subject to lifetime ban and fan fallout 
Was Armstrong stripped of his titles? 
Sandusky quote, I guess children weren't the only thing on the menu.
One of my best friends is co-founder of this app, check it out: Splinx - Your link for pick up games and sports-related activities!
The Summation of the Red Sox season
Venus and Serena Against the World (In-depth profile of the Williams sisters ahead of another challenge for the US Open)
Minor League team loses its shirt as uniforms get repossessed
QB throws 10 touchdowns in varsity debut- Looks like they've found their QB of the future
15 year old Javelin Thrower kills 74 year old referee 
ESPN signs an eight-year, $5.6 billion deal to keep baseball
Hey r/sports look what I won!
10 things you need to know about the paralympics
Dumbest football play ever? From tonight.
Slumping Yankees face big series against charging Orioles
Accident during the competition of powerlifting. (NSFL)
Doping: It's Just Part Of The Game
I'm at Basketball Without Borders in South Africa this week. Here is a picture of Serge Ibaka team building with the campers.
Ermahgerd 
Weirdo who invaded U.S. Open trophy ceremony squawking in a rooster hat is back, invades the field in Dublin during Notre Dame-Navy and dances a jig (video)
Jungle Bird makes his triumphant return to US sporting at the Notre Dame-Navy game
NFL and Referee's Union cannot agree to deal; NFL will use replacement refs for Week One.
Mascots are underestimated..
John W Henry insists that the Liverpool’s summer transfer plans cannot be considered as failure
My friend said this to me today...
A thread similar to this was posted in r/baseball, but I want to expand it to all sports...which team's fan base do you feel worst for?
What is your favorite I met a professional athlete story?
Are you ready for some football!? I am!!
Please Vote For Holy Innocents vs. Riverwood Game to air on TV in Atlanta. Its a private school-public school rivalry between two schools on the same road!
You have to see this in High-Definition
Maryland politician and minister Emmett C. Burns Jr. demands Baltimore Ravens stop its linebacker Brendon Ayanbadejo from his public support of gay marriage.  
Everything comes full circle: The last time neither Federer nor Nadal were in the US Open semifinals was 2003 - the year Andy Roddick was champion
Savannah State getting 70½ points against Florida State, the largest line ever in Division I college football
Are Football Players Really Living Longer Than Baseball Players? Why Grantland’s Study Is Wrong.
How I feel after the Razorback loss...
AFL footballer (believed to be John McCarthy) from Port Adelaide has died on an end-of-season trip in Las Vegas
Introducing a scooter video that isn't totally lame. 
California lawmakers demand investigation of U.S. Anti-Doping Agency
Texas Longhorn's special teams snapper is a 31 year old former Green Beret. 
History reveals iconic ‘U’ logo’s meaning | It was to differentiate from other UM schools and it took a life of it's own in south Florida 
On Eve Of World Cup Qualifier Against Canada, Panama Holds Street Party Outside Canadian Team’s Hotel
Jay Onrait's latest tweet...
Andy Murray won the US Open and is still a huge wimp
Epic video for all those who Hate the Yankees!!
Saw this pic on Facebook and had to make this meme.  GO PACK GO!!
Altitude in Football (Soccer) - how much of a difference does it make?
Sometimes I just want to violently shake my Ultimate college friends and tell them this.
Wow.
Are You Familiar With Unicycle Football? You Should Be
Goals of the week
Notre Dame LB Manti Te'o loses both Grandmother and Girlfriend in same week leading up to Saturday's game versus Michigan State
Three things to watch from the University of Washington offense Saturday
Fans should walk when NHL comes back
My Wiffleball Field I posted this once but I want to see if it gets more attention
Lol awkward guy at Lions vs 49ers post game
Should I go all out during a 5k race?
The greatest team photo of all time 
Shaun White arrested for public intoxication and trashing a hotel room
Francesa getting pranked after falling asleep on air.
Seahawks' Golden Tate fined for hit on Cowboys' Sean Lee
My response to the NHL lockout and all preseason games being cancelled.
Ovechkin: Many NHL players may not return.
9 Year old asking for the chance to interview BJ Penn
Scottie Pippen's hilarious Mr. Submarine ad
Our NFL bookie takes our transactions very seriously.
Which Manning brother's life and career would you rather have and why?
A sweet move from the Japanese league
Bill Belichick grabs ref after controversial Patriots loss to the Ravens
Former Pirates owner tells Times he's gay
Falcons’ John Abraham arrested for obstructing police, firefighters
Seahawks got lucky with a referee decision to beat the Packers. 
How to fix the bad calls in the NFL
Scumbag Goodell
Well, NFL replacement referees finally cost a team the game. Sorry, Packers fans. 
Most of you probably will have missed the 129 yard touchdown in the CFL. Here it is. 
Are the bad calls really worse than normal?
Who's ready for week 4???
Lingerie Football League commissioner mocks NFL for its low officiating standards
Green Bay Packers vs Seattle Seahawks. Controversial call [Video]
Do something good! If I win this $8,000 bike I will donate it to charity to help an underprivileged young bike racer! Vote please!
Can U walk me through the process of getting a PRO-File Review?
Some NFL replacement refs were fired from the Lingirie Football League for incompetence.
50 percent of weekend, work release inmates fail 
drug tests - baltimoresun.com
NFL reaches agreement with referees: the lockout is over!
Baseball player whose career ended after getting hit in head in only MLB at-bat gets 1-day contract to try again
CNN: How NFL left soccer in the dark with instant replay
The Bikini Basketball League is a real thing, and it will be here before the end of the year | Off the Bench
Starting Oct. 7 Seattle Sounders season ticket holders will vote whether to retain or fire the team's GM. The first vote of its kind in US sports.
Colorado kicker gets leveled during onside kick
Pee Wee football coach offers 10 and 11 year olds cash for injuring opponents
Keegan Bradley's Putt At The Ryder Cup Inspired Much Joy And An Awesome Caddy Celebration
Tim Tebow finally using his head
Backwards, over-the-head, game-tying 2-point conversion is the play of the year!
I'm the coach of a newly-formed American Football team on a small city in Brazil, we have no support and no equipment [x-post from /r/assistance]
Vick Halloween Costume
Ridiculously photogenic Brandon Lloyd
Inspiration
Adam Greenberg Finally Got To Swing The Bat In A Major League Baseball Game
Key &amp; Peele : East / West Bowl Player Introductions
Miguel Cabrera has won the first Batting Triple Crown since 1967
I can't stand the A's, but this is pretty great!  The Bernie Lean
I'm ready for Josh to go. 
Am I a dick for putting my shoulder into someone when they set a screen in basketball?
Who sang the national anthem at the Miami Dolphins game against the NY Jets?
being 3 years out of high school and commuting to college
This will make a very interesting street fight indeed 
Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal being highly professional.
In Iowa, the Des Moines BOE has ruled that making high school athletes run extra laps as punishment in practices is a form of corporal punishment
Site giving away Chargers season tickets.  There are only a few people on here try to win the tickets.
Bears Fan stabbed to death in Jacksonville
NFL Cheerleader has sex with 17y/o student, who then tries to get her off (in court) 
Now hes just getting desperate...
Live: Felix Baumgartner free fall from stratosphere
Sandusky gets 30-60 years for abuse at Penn State
Kickball girl is not impressed
A pretty good article explaining most Chiefs fan's thoughts on Matt Cassel, and the Chiefs management.
Do sports memorabilia actually increase in value over the years?
Go Tigers!
If you were Felix Baumgartner what would you say right before you jump out into your supersonic skydive?
My payment for setting up a friends wifi. Any idea how much it's worth?
Browns Fujita delivers blow to ‘condescending’ commissioner Goodell
In Argentina, rival soccer fans don’t just hate, they kill, and the violent partisans of top clubs fuel crime syndicates that influence the sport at its highest levels 
Werth hits a walk off HR in the bottom of the 9th to force game 5 in a 13 pitch at bat
Or, you know, just take a tremendous amount of drugs
New York Sport
This kicker is insanely good 
Is this real? One-handed push ups while solving a Rubik's Cube in 25sec
Surgery likely for Derek Jeter
MJ's Missed Free Throw Dunk Compilation (xpost from /r/pure_skill)
Im not sure if this is real or not....
The NHL has offered a substantial deal to the NHLPA, proposing a start to the season on November 2.
TIL Warren Sapp gave Johnny Damon a concussion while playing high school football.
One year ago.
Two Game suspension after a vehicle pursuit that left one person injured and several cars damaged, local police said. for NFL's Ta'amu. WTF?
Lance Armstrong stepping down as Livestrong chairman
Reddit, we need your help! Professional basketball team needs 600 Facebook likes to get a sponsor, please like!
Ironic 2001 Lance Armstrong video -w/great top comment
Washington, D.C.'s alt-weekly City Paper will now call the Redskins the Pigskins
Why was this a front page story all day on ESPN.com?
30 Years Later: The Play Remembered « CBS San Francisco
Jerry Sandusky accuser speaks publicly for 1st time  
How do you think Derrick Rose will be when he returns?
Detroit Tigers Headed To World Series 
50 yard QB scramble for a TD
NYJ Quarterback Tim Tebow Trademarked Tebowing
Lance Armstrong Is Stripped of His 7 Tour de France Titles
New York Times: Pee wee football game in Massachusetts leads to multiple concussions
Warren Moon - Cam Newton Criticism Is Racially Motivated
NY Islanders Moving to Brooklyn, Won't Change Name | NBC New York
Sports Illustrated reports that David Stern will step down as NBA commissioner in 2014
Triple amputee war veteran throws first pitch in World Series game 2
Sports Teams Score Elite Service in the Sky - WSJ.com
Stolen Olympic bronze medal is returned in post
Steven A. Smith says Ni99a Please on ESPN...Crazyyyy Funny.
Jared Allen, Man among men
Ex-LSU star Tyrann Mathieu out of jail
Hey r/sports!  Tonight I co-host the debut of Bucket Full of Points an NFL and Fantasy Football program!  Help make our debut the best the school has seen!  Details inside! 
NHL on Ice: All Games Canceled Through November
A bizarre/AWESOME video from Taiwan celebrating the Giants world series win. 
World Series draws record-low TV ratings - LA Times
Awesome Lebron James Samsung commerical
Nice trick play by Cincinnati [football]
High school football team may have to forfeit some wins after officials learned a defensive back was 21 years old.
Like a sack of bricks doesn't even begin to describe it...  (about 30 seconds in).
Do You Want This Guy with the Tear on His Cheek or Do You Want the Vulture Capitalist? 
Tour de France champion Bradley Wiggins taken to hospital after collision with van in Lancashire
If Tebow's Email Were Hacked
Andrew Luck's record-setting jersey arrives at Hall of Fame 
Lakers new coach: Phil Jackson return to Los Angeles almost certain, according to report
Scumbag ESPN Projections - I fall for them every week.
Mike D'Antoni has never won a championship - not as a player and not as a coach - so how in the freak do you expect him to win one now?
Hope Solo marries Jerramy Stevens, one day after he allegedly assaulted her
Aggies wide receiver Thomas Johnson has gone missing.
Thinking about starting a sports talk forum for fans to bitch about their teams
I think it's safe to say that Tyrann Mathieu's (The Honey Badger) Wikipedia page got hacked (x-post from pictures)
Eric Bledsoe stonewalls Dwyane Wade’s dunk attempt (VIDEO)
IBRAHIMOVIC AMAZING 30 METERS BICYCLE GOAL HD - Sweden - England 4:2 (14.11.2012)
Tennessee's Izauea Lanier gets jump punched in the head by coach. 
Jets Would Rather Lose With Sanchez Than Win With Tebow
best name, best goal
Attack on Anton Shunin (Dynamo Moscow) / Нападение на Антон Шунин
Mo Williams' dunk &amp; Mike Brown's reaction
1 in a million catch! (Old-ish video but still incredible)
Michael Jordan vs. Jay Leno
Wake Forest Demon Deacons vs. Notre Dame Fighting Irish - Recap - November 17, 2012  
News Corp. acquires 49% stake of the YES Network from Yankees
Maybe if Rick Reilly writes these articles at the beginning of every season, ND will go undefeated every year
Manchester CITY vs Real Madrid: Mourinho press conference highlights
Arizona's Revolving Quarterback Door
The Madness of Big Ten Expansion
Game-winning trick play in HS football
Jack Taylor scores 138 points in a Division III college basketball game
Former boxer 'Macho' Camacho shot in Puerto Rico 
Your top 5 athletes across five sports, any will do. 
In case you missed sportscenter today....
Insane Bicycle kick goal by Philippe Mexes in todays Champions League match VS. Anderlecht (x-post from r/soccer)
While I was out last night, I encountered a man who had been stabbed. I called an ambulance for him and this morning found out what had happened:
Doctors: 'Macho' Camacho brain dead
Rex Ryan’s Before And After Weight Loss Photos
Question about the illegal challenge rule
[x-post from IAma] IAma: Sports writer for a mid-sized newspaper. I also work in the newsroom and compose the paper. AMA. 
All Blacks training
Help keep Ibrahimovic as Best of the Best on SportsNation polls over the fluke 138 point basketball game.
Collecting Championship hats of the losing team
Jerry Jones Pink Slip
Mark Cuban slams the NBA for sham energy bracelet licensing deal (VIDEO)
Jets players get it from fans as they walk into the tunnel at halftime during Thanksgiving debacle.
I know its only one vote but Jordan Kovacs of the University of Michigan really deserves it!
One Handed Beer Football PBR Bowl X - Emerson, IA
Any Heisman voter who has any inkling to vote for Johnny Manziel better have seen this graphic during the K-State / Texas game
Whenever someone on ESPN says 'I'm a fan of -team1- but RIP -team2- player/coach'...... this is my reaction to you, you fuck.
Browns player commits suicide at team facility
Coaches' Poll ballots released - aka James Franklin is 
an idiot
Huge block by Kenny Bell in the Big Ten Championship game
People who think NFL is tough needs to take some time to watch the British sport of Rugby.
So it would appear Louisville is a bit of an underdog in the Sugar Bowl...
Wilbon nails Montell Jordan's This is How We Do It on PTI
Good Guy Tebow
Fuck this headline, it got me really excited for a moment.
Looking for sport fans to come to /r/MakeNewFriendsHere. It's about making new friends from all parts of the world.
Quinnel Brown's Incredible Game Winning Buzzer Beating Shot
Dallas Cowboys player charged with intoxication manslaughter after teammate's death in auto accident
Johnny Football Manziel breaks another record by becoming the first freshmen recipient of the prestigious Heisman Trophy! Whoop!
Possibly the worst free throw ever shot in a game
Gerd Muller hails 'gigantic' Lionel Messi after seeing 40-year-old record broken by Barcelona forward. He's fantastic. He only has one defect and that is that he doesn't play for Bayern Munich!
Found this old New York Magazine..... I guess they were a bit off.
Charles Barkley needs to shut up?  But then he wouldn't be Sir Charles! Pure Entertainment
Help me find footage of the Marlin's game where I asked my fiance's dad for her hand, and caught a foul ball!! PLEASE.
The amazing story of Ishpeming (Mich.) High football team - High School - Jon Wertheim - SI.com. If you have ten minutes, please read this article on humanity, depression, and unity. 
Went to the US Women's National Soccer game and got more than I bargained for 
No Country For Little Men
Calvin Johnson amazing highlights
Documentary on SURFING in the geographic center of Canada
12 year old GIRL skateboarder is unreal, she throws down a mctwist 540 and hurricane
3 time US olympian Suzy Favor Hamilton admits to being a Las Vegas Escort. Favor. Prostitute. Heh
Baylor running back declares he'll win Heisman Trophy in 2013
De Sanctis track back - Napoli vs Bayern [Gif]
Sachin Tendulkar announces retirement from ODIs 
A video game is changing America's perception of soccer
r/sports, Who is my baseball signed by??
one of the standout performers of 2012: Israel Dagg
Which team should Mike Piazza represent in Cooperstown? - CBSSports.com
£205 million pounds has been offered for Lionel Messi!
Pinstripe Bowl fans at SU
How many sports owners are from the city/state they own a team in
I've heard stories about how people meet famous athletes or get their autographs. How did you guys do it?
Royce White refusing to go to D-League
Illegal Challenge Clarification: What Happened In Packers – Vikings Touchdown Review Call
So I just found this on SBNation.. 
Mario Balotelli Stupid Training Fight against Roberto Mancini
Las Vegas bookmakers took a staggering hit this past NFL season. 
With less than a year to live, a 12 year old girl thinks not of herself, but wonders - how can she help others?
What the hell is the point of this?
How corrupt were sports games from 1910-1930's?
Screw Crosby
FIFA Best Goal of the Year Award!!! Amazing Goal!!
ESPN: RG III has partial tears to his ACL, LCL
Might be the most retarded thing I have heard 
Yep
Goddamn. I guess, huh?
A closer look at the coaching and chemistry that led to the GR Griffins record-tying game against the OKC Barons.
EPIC BURN: Don't mess with the Dallas Stars social media team - CBSSports.com
Why do sports channels and sports writers constantly talk about the Lakers, regardless of the Lakers performance in a given year?
What I've gathered from recent baseball HOF votes
Footwear Product Design
They were on to something
Lance Armstrong apologizes for...
Illegal drugs: Legalise drugs—except in sport - Making drugs illegal encourages crime and corruption, but there are reasons to ban them in sport 
Where can I find the Portland Trail Blazers' record on their official website?!?!?!
What do you think about the 2013 Philadelphia Phillies?
Jori Lehtera's sick penalty shot goal from the KHL All Star game.
Lance Armstrong did not come clean in the manner I had expected,” Oprah Winfrey tells CBS This Morning
Sacramento Mayor Kevin Johnson says he has received approval from the NBA to present a counteroffer to the league from investors who would keep the Kings in California.
As a Canadian who alway wanted to drive the Zamboni...Thank you Google!
Disgraced sprinter Ben Johnson advises Lance Armstrong to ‘confess it all’, but also says 'It’s only cheating if you’re the only one doing it'.
Im sure this is how Philadelphia Eagles owner Jeff Lurie feels right about now after hiring Chip Kelly...
Just put this on my balcony.
Two days after hoax revealed, Te'o still said I lost...my girlfriend to cancer
Lance Armstrong Meme - But I Didn't Call You Fat
This is one of my favorite races in the world and it starts in my home country of Peru.
NOPE
Some great soccer matches coming up tomorrow
Syracuse Knocks Off Top Ranked Louisville
RIP Stan The Man Musial.  A man known for his greatness on the field and his kindness off of it.  The sporting world needs more like him.
Can tennis be considered the toughest sport to play?
All credit to the niners, but was that the biggest choke ever by the falcons?
Video: Manti Te'o gets the Taiwanese Animation treatment
Kaepernick see's his reflection
Lance Armstrong's New Bracelet
New player entering rugby.
Edmonton Oilers use the Flying V last night
Te'o still says he didn't lie, even when admitting that he did not tell the truth. Dad says, He's not a liar. He's a kid. 
Lance Armstrong sings Creep by Radiohead
Jim Harbaugh changed female reporter's life 
Introducing.... Good Guy Local Sports Anchor!
The weirdest foul you will ever see - 2 players get stuck together; followed by red card
Becks signs with PSG and will donate entire salary to Parisian children's charity. :)
Jurassic Park Invades the Youth1 Wrestling Spotlight Show
TV contracts are ridiculously valuable to all major pro sports. almost 40 billion will be paid to the NFL for the broadcast rights through 2022. given revenue sharing, i want to know if games are fixed in order to generate high ratings.
The Suit &amp; Tie Series : Countdown Day 5 : 2013 Superbowl : New Orleans
Chris Charter will be inducted into the Hall Of Fame
Indiana Hoosiers ranked #1!!!
Who are some professional athletes who have children who went pro in a different sport?
DAE hate bleacherreport.com?
European law enforcement agency Europol has uncovered allegations of match-fixing in around 380 games
Lol
NFL Commissioner Won't Acknowledge Link Between Football And Brain Injuries
What are some famous sports moments that are overrated/blown out of proportion?
Remember those awesome 80s sports posters you grew up on? Here is the story of their creators, the Costacos Bros...
New Jacksonville Jaguars logo on top. I like it better with the adjustments I made, what do you all think? 
Tombstone thumber
I just won a 100$ gift card for espnshop.com , but I know nothing about sports. What should I get?
NBA Commissioner David Stern says the group that has reached agreement to purchase the Sacramento Kings has formally filed to relocate the franchise to Seattle.
Arkansas? Aww Hell No!
Kobe Bryant's Beautiful Slow-mo Dunk
Game. Set. Match.
lincecum's new look
The Greatest Play In Baseball!
LeBron plays catch with Heat fan in stands, respect.
Maccabi games Israel
IOC cuts wrestling from 2020 Olympics | Fourth-Place Medal
Vince Young's ex-adviser -- loan was for $300K party
Topps creates the world's biggest baseball card. Guess who's on it...
Nerlens Noel has torn left ACL
Pistorius charged with murder of girlfriend
Oscar Pistorius charged with murder
More proof of the pussification of baseball players - Rays pitcher Joel Peralta injures himself getting out of his car - no hockey player would ever admit to this
Iranian official says they strongly object to the International Olympic Committee's decision to remove wrestling as a sport from the Olympics, suggests desire to form alliance with the USA and Russia to block the decision
Goals of the week
I hope McKayla Maroney knows she's gonna be doing this until she's 60. 
The most enthralling 4 and half hours of sporting action you'll ever witness 
Funny impersonation of Stephan A. Smith on SNL
Michael Jordan's Top 50 All Time Plays. Happy 50th Birthday to His Airness!
Millionaire boxer Manny Pacquaio refuses to box in the U.S. as he would have to pay taxes on his winnings
Being a Lakers fan is no longer going to be fun
Josh Hamilton says that Rangers fans were spoiled by the team's success in the last 3 seasons.
The NCAA has formally accused Miami of a lack of institutional control, after previously admitting a lack of control over its own enforcement officers.
Rapper Wale leaves his courtside seat &amp; tries to fight the TV announcers in the booth during the broadcast after they rip him on-air during the telecast.
Must Watch Video For All NFL Fans!
Barcelona in Trouble After Loss
THAT SUNK-COST FEELING (Good article about why bad players are still being paid big bucks) 

Lead investigator in Oscar Pistorius case replaced 
Story of a young woman who survived sexual abuse and cancer to earn a track and field scholarship at Eastern Michigan 
An engine went into the grandstands..AN ENGINE! NASCAR Nationwide Race at Daytona
Oldest Marathon runner finishes a race and the ripe young age of 101
Judge rules that Yankees are baseball’s only ‘Evil Empire’ | Big League Stew - Yahoo! Sports
HONG KONG -- The world's oldest marathon runner ran his last race on Sunday at the age of 101.
A brief history of beer pong, for the love of the sport
Feyenoord beat PSV, then this post-game confrontation happened in the tunnel
A football pitch argument between two players on Saturday sparked an orgy of religious violence in Wukari, in the northern Taraba State, leaving at least five people dead, according to local media reports.
Mario Balotelli 'victim of racial abuse' in Milan derby
Roy Hibbert and David Lee fight in tonight's Warriors vs. Pacers game
Sportsmanship.
NFL Team Asks A Prospect If He Likes Girls
Axe throwing: Girl throws a perfect match (Toronto)
NCAA Rules Wrestler Ineligible for selling music on iTunes?  When is the NCAA gonna stop being fucking retarded?
Good guy Ken Griffey Jr.
Full Court Buzzer-Beater Keeps Indiana High School Hoops Team Alive in State Tournament
B.S. Report: Mike Tyson - The Triangle Blog
For the ladies: do you have an interest in juicy sports gossip? 
Found this on my fb feed. I wonder if he met A Rod too!
A tribute to 10 years of internet trolling
Female kicker's historic bid ends with injury - 2 kickoffs for a combined 30 yards
Fox plans to take on ESPN with new national sports channel
LIVE: Watch the KC Metro Classic live with this link. This is essentially an All-Star compeitition between KS and MO, usually great wrestling. More details in the comments
How i got knocked out
Before 11 p.m. ET, when the adults and the highlights (for the most part) take over, SportsCenter is a worthless, unwatchable program.
North Korean NBA JAM - Kim Jong Un &amp; Dennis Rodman
GC's Forum of Sports. Sports. Talk. Period. Blogs Section! Join Free Today and join in on the conversation!!
World Baseball Classic: USA knows stakes are high against Italy
Pistons player Brandon Knight murdered by Clippers nasty person Deandre Jordan (best dunk in years!)
Urban Bowling
Has your team ever done a purple game?
South Florida basketball's uniforms for the conference tournament.
TIL that California has had 3 of the last 4 Pac-12 Players of the Year in basketball and is tied for the all-time Pacific (8/10/12) Conference lead with 7. 
Stupid poll question, but love seeing the results this early
Oh the things Team USA players will do to get into the World Baseball Classic....
Donte Stallworth shocked and burned in hot air balloon accident
Wales win the 6 nations. Living in Australia, watching from 10,000 miles away, I could not be more proud.
Ronda Rousey to coach against Misha Tate/Cat Zingano
Hey sports fans I found this in my basement of my new house and can't find out much about it . . . . . like what team this is from and if its worth anything?
I Love Cheese
What player in this year's NCAA tournament will make the best pro in the NBA? Scouts, GMs think Kansas guard Ben McLemore. What say the people?
ESPN the Magazine Cover: King Felix Holds Court
Maurice Clarett has joined a Rugby development programme in a bid to represent USA at the 2016 Olympics
Vibrating balls! Was the Champions League draw fixed?
The Best Sports Day of the Year is Here
Come join the r/CollegeBasketball IRC chat
My Bracket Is Already Screwed
The only explanation for the remaining perfect brackets. 
For those watching the March Madness tournament, I present to you an auto-updating bracket of the wins/losses of each team.
So far FGCU has been the highlight of my 2013.
Got curious about Florida Gulf Coast's regular season schedule after todays win but..
The King of the Butt-Dial
NEW FOOTAGE!! Fat Guy with amazing Football Skills!
VIDEO: Tiger Woods and Arnold Palmer fight bad guys
Are You Ready For FGCU To Dunk Its Way Into Your Heart? A Guide To March Madness's Most Entertaining Team
What's your prediction for the headline once the Miami Heat win streak comes to an end?
This is one of my most memorable achievements of being a sports fan
Hey r/Sports fans, there's a new subreddit for the cringiest of sports plays (dives, flops, injuries, etc.). Check out r/SportsCringe.
Are those cookies I smell?
Fat Guy Has Amazing Football Skills 3 (his name is Andrew Cassidy)
Costa Rican Fans Protest FIFA Ruling During Match With Jamaica
Sergio Garcia climbs a tree to hit ball with one-handed shot 
Pavel Datsyuk does it again: breaks Couture's ankles.
Andrew Wiggins, this kid is nasty
Goals of the week
I'm not sure if it's a fair measure, but -- 11 SAT Scores From Famous Athletes (X-Post from r/NBA)
Did You Pick The Winner?
The Gottlieb effect: Why race can't even be acknowledged in America without offending someone
Look at the class the championship has to offer
Usain Bolt wins 150-meter race in Brazil in 14.42 seconds
Kevin ware terrible leg injury Louisville vs. Duke
The real Disney -- The wonderful world of ESPN, the sports network which outmints Mickey Mouse
Kevin Ware broken leg: Was his televised injury the most gruesome in sports history? - Slate Magazine
For NBA fans...Reminds me of when the Mia Heat got to the Finals...Is the Game Rigged?
PSG - BARCELONA 0-1 FIRST GOAL - MESSI - 2013
Great site for people who love sports and money.
Why do they need an umpire behind home plate in the MLB?
One of the Finest Examples of Sportsmanship: Graeme Smith Batting With Broken Hand in Order to save the Match
Keep it classy Louisville...if profitting off of Kevin Ware's injury is wrong, I don't want to be right
Marian Gaborik traded to Columbus Blue Jackets
The meaning of NASCAR...
Augusta National Admits First 2 Female Members
For those who saw Invictus... The scrumhalf in that movie (Joost Vder Westhuizen) has ALS and is in the later stages of the disease. This hit me right where it hurts, to me he was superman.
Detroit Lions kicker Jason Hanson retires after 21 years
Doug Anderson's 360 Between The Legs Dunk
Kevin Ware gets interviewed about his injury
Will Brittney Griner Become a Botched NBA Experiment?
Jack Hoffman age 7 /w brain cancer - running a 69yd TD at the Nebraska 2013 Spring Game
I click the Boss Button just to read the fake emails [March Madness, NCAA].
Final four
Masters Tournament Trivia
r/sports, which do you think is more difficult to do in professional sports: hit a pitch in baseball, or drive in Nascar? [x-post from r/askreddit]
I'm glad not everyone in the sports media is in love with Tiger for just being Tiger
TIL Professional athletes ABSOLUTELY get preferential treatment by the law. Just go to jail whenever you see fit, like after the 2013 season.
Rally And Support NASCAR Fan Sonali's Trip To Georgia, USA To Pursue Her Career In NASCAR Racing
The Charleston Riverdogs, a NY Yankee's Class A minor league team, arrived for their home opener last night by Yellow Cab!
Kobe Bryant Tears His Achilles Vs Warriors
Scott ends years of pain for Australian golf at Masters
French Open prize money up for 2013
Explosion at finish line of Boston Marathon
Ben Revere makes incredible catch against Reds with Pray for Boston on his glove
This Should have More views than it does...Bruins Going into stands to fight fans
It's the off season, but this picture can't wait any longer - AP pre-game
Myron Rolle, former FSU player and Rhodes scholar, is leaving the NFL behind for medical school.
So true
Chilling video of Bruin's fans singing the national anthem before tonight's game
Boston Bruins Fans Sing National Anthem at TD Garden
This is awful but does anyone else think Suspect #2 looks like Ricky Rubio?
Ravens Open Regular Season at Broncos
Goals of the week
TIL the high-five was originally a way of letting other people know you were gay
Broadcaster Al Michaels arrested, charged with DUI in California
I am Canadian and this is how i like to spend my summer
On the way to a comeback
Justice says Armstrong was 'unjustly enriched'
Ex-General Manager of the Toronto Maple Leafs Brian Burke sues 18 Internet commenters -- including “SLOBBERFACE”, “POONERMAN”, and “SIR PSYCHO SEXY” -- over rumor that he was fired over an affair
TIL Steve Young, HOF QB for the San Francisco 49ers, is the great-great-great grandson of Brigham Young
Jonny Wilkinson showing some amazing kicking and throwing skills
Do you think any major North American athletes will ever come out as gay?
Robin Van Persie walks into wrong dressing room MUFC vs Arsenal
There's just something about women and contact sports
A Professional Soccer Team Makes Cancer Patient's Day!
This article, translating the tweets of NFL players into English, is currently on the front page of ESPN.
Basketball Team from 1904
What's that sports commercial about sports being about things NOT going as expected?
KNICKS WIN - game 6 is when the celtics arthritis kicks in
Well, looks like I picked the wrong horse
Floyd Mayweather Jr. to earn a record-tying guarantee of $32 million in fight against Robert Guerrero
The view from my apartment right now... Leafs vs. Boston playing live at the Big Screen outside the Air Canada Centre.
The Final 2 Minutes of Play from Game #2 of Leafs/Bruins Series. Recorded live from high above the Air Canada Centre.
There's a handball final in Finland between Dicken-Cocks. News headline on it: ''Cocks stayed hard in Cup Finals - Dicken had to bend''
Is Draymond Green (current Golden St Warriors forward) related to Bad Luck Brian?
The Texas Senate approved something called the Tim Tebow Bill allowing home schooled kids to compete in school sports.
Blue Jays pitcher hit in the head with line drive.
Video I took of Boston Bombing victim throwing out first pitch at Fenway yesterday.
MLB sells Breast Cancer Awareness to the highest bidder. Class move.....
Saw this just now on ESPN.com... In my opinion the #1 thing wrong with mainstream sports media today is memes like this taking the place of actual intelligent analysis. Thoughts?
Which one of you was at the SF Giants game?
The team is actually called the Gold Coast Suns, not the...
Crazy youth hockey fight in Russia
Adieu Sir Alex Ferguson 12/5/2013
New American record has been set!
This is for anyone who collected cards. Talking cards with Bob Masters (ep. 1-7)...Hilarious! [vine]
Bruins fans venting during Game 7 before the comeback. (x-post from r/hockey)
Dick Trickle was One of a Kind, a Genuine Talent, and One of the Legendary Drivers in Racing History
Why does hitting the post not count as a shot on goal in the NHL?
Get ready to welcome back the Charlotte Hornets.
Chelsea's David Luiz is a CRAZY driver!
NBA Playoffs or NHL Playoffs?
Rugby: Sydney Swans' Adam Goodes picks out racial abuser from the crowd, has her ejected from stadium
Great video from CrewBath. My Uni boat club is trying to win some sponsorship. Please have a watch and help us out!
KU Jayhawks have some killer recruits! (x-post from r/CollegeBasketball)
Former Grand Valley State quarterback Cullen Finnerty found dead
Floyd Mayweather to fight Canelo Alvarez on Sept. 14th
New logo unveiled for American Athletic Conference
One-Legged Charity Football Match descends into Mass Punch-up
Authorities say former NBA All-Star 'Mookie' Blaylock charged with vehicular homicide
Do they allow you watch a whole game at a sports bar?
On this date in 1974, Cleveland's Ten Cent Beer Night went horribly wrong.
Effective training: Goalie has to deflect his teammates shots to save his Range Rover
Most popular baseball stadiums, by attendance
Redskins at Eagles - Monday Night NFL Preview
Louisville loss to SEC cellar-dweller Kentucky: Big East is a cupcake conference
100 players you love to hate
NCAA Football - Rankings
McNabb says Black QBs are criticized more...
NFL Standings from 1920 to the present, sorted every which way you can imagine (well, almost)
Pedro: If i get injured again, i'm retiring.
Trever Miller close to shattering MLBl record!
The Philadelphia Eagles attempt to change their luck by wearing the world's ugliest retro uniforms
756* - At least Marc Ecko still understands what democracy is.
Vick tests positive for Marijuana
Ricky Williams: 'I Can't Believe I Got Really Baked And Applied For Reinstatement Into The NFL'
Marion Jones finally admits she was using steroids when she won five medals in the 2000 Olympics
Newsvine - The Patriots can go undefeated
Israel, Palestine to host 2018 World Cup?
Buffalo Bills look to play some games in Toronto.
Dolphins Linebacker learns he won't need a translator in London
Red Sox Attempt to Break Fabled 'Curse of Relief Pitcher Curtis Leskanic'
Mind Games: What Makes a Great Baseball Player Great?
Cheerleader Pancaked by Football Players [VIDEO]
Interested in getting into MMA?  This can help you on your ground game.
Top Gear Bugatti Veyron vs. Typhoon Jet Drag Race [Video]
Dungy on the Patriots
[NBA] Sonics Will Move To Oklahoma City
First, Third Base Coaches to Wear Helmets
Does This Muscle Make Me Look Fat?
Cut John Parker Wilson!
2009 Lexus LF- uh uh uh uh
Bonds Indicted by Grand Jury on Multiple Charges 
(NFL) Cleveland Browns win after losing- on improbable kick
Basketball: Top 10 Dunks of All Time
Best call ever made by referee
Redskins All-Pro Safety Sean Taylor Victim of Shooting
How ESPNU Is Ruining College Sports
Redskins' Taylor Dies Day After Shooting 
Ask Reddit: Did something happen to Redskins' star Sean Taylor?
Falling Star-bury
Sean Taylor:  Dying Young, Black (Wilbon)
chipmunk fishing
Bodybuilder dies at contest - excerpt from the documentary Raising the Bar 2
Bad In Blue
Minnesota Vikings fan?  Heed this warning.
The BCS is B.S.!
Roger Federer: Best Ever? Not So Fast!
Paul Johnson has left Navy to become the new coach at Georgia Tech
Heisman Won By Sophomore For First Time Ever
Sidney Crosby wins 2007 Lou Marsh Award
Concussion-monitoring football helmet
Sean Taylor makes Pro Bowl after being killed
NFL calls on Ticketmaster to stiff-arm scalpers
Ohio State self reports NCAA violation after Tressel took players to Final Four - College Football
Atspeed Motorsports and Racing - 2008 Speed GT - 2008 Speed GT
Tickets To Giants-Patriots Game Sell For Thousands
NFL, Nets Agree to Simulcast Potentially Historic Game
Oscar de la Hoya and Mille Corretjer Welcome a Baby Girl
The Politics of Sports in the United States: The truth behind the squandered Billions 
Top 25 Games of the Year
The beauty of a long touchdown pass: Tom Brady, the Offensive Line, and Randy Moss breaking records [video]
This has  been banned since 1933.
Olympic athlete stoned to death | The Daily Telegraph
It was Obvious, but now it's official: Tom Brady named NFL season MVP
He Is Legend
Dr. Z's Playoff Prognostications
A new sports adage: cheaters are winners
What The Hell Is Roger Clemens Doing?
Who framed Roger Clemens?
Redskins Season Comes To An End
If you are the parent of a teenager who lacks focus, motivation or direction, don't read this story. Seriously, skip it.
Dr. Z's All- Pros: A Closer look at players who merit recognition in 2007
Does Rick Majerus Know What He's Doing?
16 Reasons You Should Root Against the Patriots
Rare Event: Hawks, Heat to replay final 51.9 seconds of Dec. game
Ouch! My Face!
Jaguars rookie safety Reggie Nelson on Tom Brady: He ain't all that … He's all right.
Top 10 Pick Up Lines For Girls or Guys At Gym
Dr Z. Picks the NFL Championship Game Winners. Yeah, he picks both the favorites in New England and Green Bay... everybody is kind of thinking that same thing. 
Congress, Baseball, And Steroids: A Big Waste Of Time
Check out the new Buick Riviera concept
Star Athletes: You're Not That Special
Have you seen the Hummer HX?
India win ends Aussie record bid
10 Reasons why the English Premiership's the best Soccer league in the World!
Inspired India end Australia's Test record bid
Huckabee Can Fill Reagan s Shoes
Oh Boy! There is a Manning in the Super Bowl!
The Top Ten Gayest NFL Football Teams!
Everything You Want To Know About Indoor Track
Brady wearing walking cast while on visit to New York
Leafs fire John Ferguson and have Cliff Fletcher replace him
Title now 'a three-horse race' - Hargreaves (Premiership)
Honda Integra turbo vs. Nissan Skyline R34
Bracket Busters: A Look at the Mid-Majors
Vince McMahon The Next Commissioner of Baseball? 
Eli is Rex?
Spergon Who? The Six Quarterbacks Drafted Before Tom Brady
Want to see a rally car jump 60 feet on a snowboard jump?
Corey Hill Vs Joe Veres Fight Video UFC Fight Night
The 2007 Cowboys In 8 Seconds
Arsenal could snatch Jonathan Woodgate in front of Tottenham
NHL considering scrapping All-Star Game.
Week in Review: All Hail the Bears
Johan Santana to the Mets for prospects
Mike Carey selected as Super Bowl referee 
Plaxico Burress: Patriots will only score 17 pts.  Tom Brady thinks he's smoking crack.
Steve Mariucci may be a candidate for Redskins' head coach job
Senator Wants N.F.L. Spying Case Explained
The Johan Santana Trade - Great for The Mets, Bad for the Game
 Patriots want Trademark on 19-0
Strange Days in Aggieland
The Maryland-Duke Experience
Fighting in the NHL
Patriots pre-emptive trademarking, the NFL’s intellectual property overstep, and Super Bowl Black Friday
Tim Sylvia Vs Antonio Rodrigo Nogueira Fight Video UFC 81
The Super Bowl: Who Stole the Soul?
Superbowl 42 question: WTF is up with the dark helmets w/light jersies &amp; vice/versa?
Forsberg hard up for money?
Rob Yundt Vs Ricardo Almeida Fight Video UFC 81
 Jayhawks sweep to 20th straight home win
Bobby Knight retires mid-season.  A harsh story from Pat Forde.
Topps Card Shows Rudy Celebrating With Red Sox
Shaq traded to the Suns for Marion and Banks?!
#1 Recruit Terrelle Pryor Doesn't Make a Commitment
NCAA Tournament Mock-Committee (Live-Blog)
Trainer turns over evidence on Clemens 
Capello off to a winning start at Wembley
 Nevada high school football recruit lied---wasn't recruited and made it up.  Never talked to Cal or Oregon.
End Of Shaq Era, But Heat Play Tough In Loss
Top-ranked Memphis remains unbeaten
Americans face awkward start to Davis Cup defence
I SURVIVED SUPER BOWL XLII
MMA Fight Video K-1 Bob Sapp Vs Kazuyuki Fujita
Bobby Knight--End of an Error
EGYPT 4 - 1 Ivory coasr...ACN 2008
What Is The Best Type Of Camping Sleeping Pad
Miami Dolphins Cut 9 Players - They couldn't get any worse
CNN: Prison softball leads to drunken orgies.
Spielberg Boycotts Chinese Olympics
Monday's Blackberry Interruption Due to Tech Upgrade
Cinderellas in February 
Hockey player has throat slashed by teammates skate
Tales of Senioritis: Comparing progress on my senior thesis to my progess in Super Mario Galaxy
Andy Pettitte - The Worst of the Worst
$100m suit filed against Patriots over Super Bowl loss
Ron Burgundy Interviews Tom Izzo
Hello Newman! Ryan Newman wins the 50th Daytona 500 - newsjournalonline.com
Belichick breaks silence on taping - Yahoo! News
Are You a Bad Sports Parent?
The More the Merrier
Shaq believes he is a kung fu master from another planet, Phil Jackson put on notice
Faces on Campus: February
Top 11 mullets in sports
lebron finally gets some help - blockbuster 3 team trade
Chris Berman: The Ugly Side
NBA Finals - Who Wins? « With Malice…
Jacob Thompson: Top Five MLB Draft Pick or Unproven Fraidy-Cat?
Florida Marlins want fat men who can dance
Jay-Z Recruiting LeBron James??
Kobe gets first ejection of his career
NHL Trade Deadline Today....Any Canadians Watching?
 KTM X-Bow Dallara - ‘08 Geneva Preview
Real Name Of Tiger Woods Is
Anderson Silva Vs Dan Henderson Fight Video UFC 82
Heath Herring Vs Cheick Kongo Fight Video UFC 82
NCAA Impedes the Real Education
In Defense of the Combine
 Webasto LigHT Concept - 08′ Geneva Preview
 Pagani Zonda-R Will Be Absent From Geneva
 BMW X5 Green Concept - ‘08 Geneva Preview
 Peugeot 308 GT THP 175 - Geneva ‘08 Preview
Mercedes S400 BlueHybrid Concept Wil Use Li-Ion Battery
 Porsche Cayenne Titan BTR 550 - ‘08 Geneva Preview
Mid-Major Basketball: A Force To Be Reckoned With
The Red Devil Strikes - Audi R8 Le Mans
Diego Sanchez Vs David Bielkheden Fight Video UFC 82
 Brabus Brings A Trio To Geneva Motor Show
‘08 Geneva: Pininfarina Sintesi Concept Unveiled
 ‘08 Geneva - Volkswagen Scirocco
 ‘08 Geneva - Bugatti Veyron Fbg par Hermes
The 10 Most Bizarre Athlete Superstitions
I'm not convinced the Ottawa Senators actually want to make the playoffs.  I think they'd rather just take the summer off.
 ‘08 Geneva - Renault Megane Coupe Concept
So *that's* why he lost -- Federer had mono!
Bang Bang! NCAA Rifle Championship!
Leveling Nature's Playing Field: NCAA Baseball's New Rule Changes
 ‘08 Geneva - Ford Focus CC
 ‘08 Geneva - KO 7 Spider
Alfa Romeo releases the new Mi.To
College Football's Second Season
How the Big East Got Big (with help from Youtube)
Destination: Beijing
Tatsuya Kawajiri Vs Kultar Black Mamba Gill Fight Video DREAM 1
Ellito Spitzer Night at the ballpark
So you want to be an All-American?
Apparently, American's are so clueless about soccer that even our streakers don't know what to do (PICS)
Chicago Cubs to begin auctioning off season tickets
The Worst Teams in March Madness
The Madness of March Gambling
Dallas Cowboys New Stadium - Virtual Tour
Badr Hari Vs Stefan Leko Fight Video K-1 2005 Great Knockout
20+ Questions To See If Youth Hockey Taken Over Your Life
Expectations: Spitzer's Bimbo and Bracket Upsets
Thomas Wildman Denny Vs Sasiprapa Malaipet Fight Video ShoXC
NFL teams will have women quarterbacks launching 135-yard touchdown passes with their power-assisted arms (SI Article from 1979 about football in the year 2000)
The Weirdest Sports Illustrated Covers Of 1978
MLS 2008 Shirts
How Dangerous Is Boxing For The Brain? Not So Bad, Says Study
Cung Le Post Fight Interview
Beijing Olympics To Feature Cheap Knock Offs Of All Your Favorite Olympic Events
Mark Coleman Vs Pete Williams Fight Video UFC 17
Sexy Sharapova says: If I ever love a man as much as my dog, the guy will have a real problem, because I am all over that dog.
The New Referee - Lessons Learned
Cubs threaten to block view of freeloading rooftop clubs
PETA to the Washington Nationals: Until you find a corporate sponsor, let's call your stadium GoVeg.com Field
Kenny Florian Vs Alvin Robinson Fight Video UFC 73
Rick Roll the METS!
Cubs to Zambrano: Cut the caffeine
Top Ten Starting Pitchers Of All Time (By ERA+ )
Univ. Kansas students watching the finals in their home arena - Their reaction will give you chills (good ones).
CBS interview with an NBA player raised in polygamist compound. It doesn't go so well.
Michael Vick playing prison football
U.S. women win hockey title
Reports: Schultz to claim Sonics owners breached terms of sale
Wenger, Adebayor, Fabregas and van Persie go for Double Orange Mocha Frappuccinos
Cheruiyot wins 4th Boston Marathon
The Bad Old Steinbrenner Is Back
Another ringing endorsement for Rich Rodriguez
Mindy McCready Had 10-Year Affair with Roger Clemens?
The Rocket and McNamee - The extra-marital cheating round
Mindy McCready: I cannot refute anything in the story
Cleveland's quarterback controversy and fantastic balancing act by Savage
Who is the European Rookie Footballer of the Year?
Tony LaRussa's DUI video is kinda funny, kinda crushing
Ronaldo Dumped from $4.8 Million Contract
Hooligan problem flares up again
Chinese climbers bearing the Olympic flame have reached the summit of Everest.
Back-to-back foul balls caught by Dodgers fans sitting side-by-side
Kevin Everett Released From the Bills But Not From Our Hearts
WIN 2 TICKETS ALL EXPENSES PAID INCLUDING AIR FARES TO THE 2008 OLYMPIC GAMES IN BEIJING, CHINA.
With the Flyers' elimination, Philadelphia has now gone 100 professional seasons without a championship
Crazy Soccer Fans [PIC]
More Spurs = More Eva Longoria, Woo Hoo!
Jose Canseco will fight you
Cristiano Ronaldo and the fake Madrid circus
Purdue Calamet has some tough decisions to make
Clergy swap robes for football boots
Scott Dixon wins the INDY 500 on ethanol power
Syracuse beat Hopkins 13-10 in the NCAA final on Monday, dethroning the defending national champions and becoming the first school to win its 10th men's lacrosse title.
Amputee Gets a Shot at the Olympics
Starting next year NBA will fine players in clear cases of flopping
Thank you, Boston, for acquiring Kevin Garnett.  The Celtics reach the NBA Finals.
New York Giants - The Road to Super Bowl XLII (2008) - $28.99 at Amazon
Detroit Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick Booed By Crowd of ~1 Million at Red Wings Celebration [Vid]
United reports Real to Fifa over Ronaldo
NBA Draft Watch: Mayo Rising
Free Beer: First Austrian player to score a goal at Euro wins life long suds
Euro 2008 : Austria (Referee) 1 :  1 Poland (Boruc) 
Lakers = EPIC FAIL
Would Griffey consider being dealt to surprising Rays?
Maybe Lenny Dykstra Is Not A Financial Genius
Celtics and Lakers at the Half Game 5 - hot Playmate Pictures
Tiger to have season-ending knee surgery
NHRA driver Scott Kalitta killed in horrible crash
The Hottest Women Of Euro 2008 [PICS]
The Day Innocence Died.
Shaq Freestyle Rap Dissing Kobe Bryant+ *Lyrics*
8 Proposed Sports for 2012 Olympics [PICS]
3-2 Germany beats Turkey on 90th minute goal!! 
Are grass-court tennis's days numbered?
Bulgaria pulls Olympic weightlifters for doping after 11 of 13 fail doping test!!!
SourceForge, the world’s largest development and download repository of Open Source code and applications, appears to blocked in Mainland China on the eve of Beijing 2008 Olympic Games.
Baseball’s most unbreakable records
They're American, except in the Olympics
The NL Needs the DH
10 NFL coaches on the hot seat
Forget about Red Sox Nation; time to join the Rays Republic !
Paolo Maldini is another soccer player with a sexy bikini clad wife
Should there be cheerleaders in soccer?
Chelsea make 'massive' Kaka offer
Laura Robson has a dream
Top 10 Olympic storylines.
That was fast:  Cubs respond to Brewers' Sabathia signing, pick up A's ace Harden
Elton Brand to Philadelphia and Maggette to the Warriors
Michigan to pay $2.5M, Rodriguez $1.5M to satisfy WVU buyout - College Football
8 Athletes Who Blog (And 2 That Shouldn't)
Drunk referee
The first switch hitter in cricket history
Every year, after the AL manager addresses his team, Ichiro bursts from his locker, a bundle of kinetic energy, and proceeds, in English, to disparage the National League with an H-bomb of F-bombs,
Papelbon's pregnant wife reportedly felt threatened by the classy Yankee faithful.
ESPN - Selig gives state of MLB address, says instant replay near - MLB
Receipts reportedly exist showing HGH shipments to Clemens (shocker)
5 China Myths to Watch and Listen for During the Olympics
2008 ESPY Award Nominees and Winners (Spoilers Obviously)
Spanish cyclist Duenas, kicked out of the Tour de France for positive EPO test, blames doctor.
Anna Kournikova is still sexy in her short tennis skirt...when will she do Playboy?
US swimmer Jessic Hardy fails doping test
Olympic Swimmer Jessica Hardy Tests Positive for Banned Substance
Catfight on the WNBA court. LA Sparks and Detroit Shock throw down, including Lisa Leslie. [Video]
Brett Favre tells Packers he plans to report to camp this weekend
No Blood No Foul!
Chez Reavie Captures First PGA Tour Title
Sunday Night Football is going to be streamed over the web this year
U.S. gymnast Paul Hamm out of Olympics with broken hand and torn rotator cuff
NBA Loses Another Player to Europe
A look at how fantasy football not only has changed how fans view the game, but how it has become a tool for friends to stay in contact
After years of deadline rumors, Manny FINALLY traded (to the Dodgers)
The Secret Curse of Expert Archers
IOC strips gold from 2000 Olympics U.S. relay team 
Bear thrills at Senior Open
Another typical Steelers fan
Official Olympic Songs, From 1976 to 2008
Olympics will be safe, says China
Defrost Ted Williams He Could Probably Still Out Hit Varitek 
With one noble gesture the rank-and-file members of the U.S. team put their leaders to shame
The Brett Favre Soap Opera is Over as He Heads to New York to Play with the Jets
White Sox plan to have struggling pitcher Mark Buehrle fed to dinosaurs (with pics)
Phelps begins record quest on day one of Games
NBC Olympic Debacle - West Coast Viewers Dissed
Now that's got to hurt - Olympic Polevault Accident [VID]
Best of Beijing Olympics - Day 4 [pics]
Alicia Sacromone has a tough night, but is now the unofficial hottie of the US Olympic team
Is Baseball Turning Into Nascar?
Spanish Basketball Team in hot water for ad showing them pulling their eyes back to look more Chinese
Favre's arm fatigued, and the totally-not-ready-for-retirement QB says he should throw less in practice.
Alicia Sacramone Takes Blame for U.S. Team Gymnastics Loss
Some great pictures of women's Olympic fencing [Pics]
Swedish Bronze Winner Wrestler, Ara Abrahamian, Throws Away His Medal [Video]
Golden Gloves Champ Shot Dead in Bronx
Sally McLennan into 100m hurdles final
Top 10 NFL Cheerleading Squads | The Love of NFL
Phelps amazing victory
After 8 Golds for Phelps, 8 Big Questions on Beijing's Super Pool
Future Hall of Famer Maddux returns to LA for pennant run - MLB
12 Sports Cut From The Olympics 
America's Top 10 Olympic Schools
Not-So-Modest-Guy Mark Spitz Thinks He Can Take On Michael Phelps
USA beats Argentina to go to the Gold Medal game in Men's Basketball
Omega Finally Releases Phelps Photo Sequence
Shawn Johnson brings her gold to David Letterman
New LPGA Rule For 2009:  Players Must Speak English
Coastal Carolina Football Player Teaches Fellow Student A Lesson, Dangles Her From Balcony
While I’m neither a fan of Urlacher or the Bears, this (somewhat ironic) anti-weakling message will definitely play well with the mooky tough and faux-tough guys who read ESPN magazine.
High School Sports Hazing, Assault Or Team Bonding?
Top 20 Skateparks in Cali + Videos of Locals and Pros Shredding
The Brewers feel Sabathia should be honored for throwing a no-hitter, and their chief piece of evidence is his own ineptitude? That’s fucking brilliant.
TOP TEN JERKS IN YOUR FANTASY FOOTBALL LEAGUE 
University of Texas in the Early Running for Best Cheerleader Outfits
What players do you have on your Fantasy Football squad?
Another Father of the Year Picture: Virginia Fans Start Tailgating Games Really Early
College Football weekend preview
Chuck Liddell Vs. Rashad Evans Fight Video
Tom Brady Knee Injury Video
Tom Brady rumored out for the season with torn ACL and patella tendon
Former UFC Champ Evan Tanner Found Dead at 37 
Sneaking Booze into Sporting Events
90 Year Old Steelers Fan Gets Her First Tattoo!
TBS Thinks Yanks Are Headed To The Postseason
Great analysis of the current Vince Young situation and the author's 2006 prediction of failure
WhatIfSports predicts OSU-USC
The (Tom) Brady Crunch (video)
Say goodbye to LeBron, Cleveland
Diary entry may offer proof that baseball came from England
The New York Mets Want An MLS Team
Clemens Denies Injecting Steroids Into Ass Of Teenage Country Singer And More...
What Would Brett Favre Blog?
Carl Lewis Suggests Usain Bolt Uses Steroids
Slovakia women’s hockey team smoking Bulgaria with an 82-0 victory.  Video Evidence Surfaces of Slovakian Slaughter
The Olympian you never hear about - Canada's Petitclerc closes career with 10th straight gold medal
Cooley Is Popular, May Not Be Related to His Blogging
Russian model is World Chess Champ
Too many Bowl games: 71 Teams Eligible, 68 Spots
Laptopgate? Notre Dame insists it wasn't cheating - College Football - Rivals.com
Who are the 2 coolest sports bloggers?
Elway to marry former Raiders cheerleader 
Ask Sports Reddit: Would baseball be better off with two divisions in each league with both division winners and two wild cards making the playoffs?
The Tigers were supposed to be the team to beat this year, and yet they finished dead last. What happened?
Are sled dogs our most superior athletes?
5 reasons Messi is better than Ronaldo
Sox extend playoff streak vs. Halos
Travis Henry arrested after alleged cocaine deal.  9 baby mommas are pissed.
NBA player found in paleontologist's yard post-Ike
Will Kentucky Upset Alabama? Here's How
Next for Kimbo Slice: Pro Wrestling? Boxing? Can EliteXC Promote Him Again?
Phillies Defeat Brewers 6-2 Advance to Face Dodgers
It's LCS time
Philly fans, showing their classiness, egged the Redskins team bus
Kimbo Slice fight was to be fixed? 
Bumpshack College Football Top 5 (Week 5)
Play The Luke Walton Stalker Game!
Tiger Woods Expects to Be Better Than Ever
Goalie who got throat slashed in '89 accidentally shoots himself
Serena Williams pushes the limits of her bikini in Miami
Michigan 2008 is officially Notre Dame 2007
The real reason MLB has begun using instant replay
How to Be a Top Soccer Coach
Michigan's struggles likely won't last.  1st year coaches generally do poorly then bounce back.
Pacman has been most predictable aspect of an unpredictable season
Bumpshack College Football Top 5 (Week 6)
NFL Stadium Rankings
Where's Manny Going Now?
The A-11 Formation: Offense of the Future, or Just Unfair?
Brad Pitt to play Billy Beane in Moneyball movie?? 
Texas unanimous #1.  McCoy has 81.2% completion rate for the season.
12 of the oddest endorsements in sports history 
Gisele and Tom to tie the knot?
The Autograph Man: A baseball player answers his fan mail 15 years later.
Free tacos for all, thanks to Jason Bartlett
ESPN - Cleveland Browns lift Kellen Winslow's suspension lifted; TE won't play Sunday
Pretend like you watched the 1 o'clock games ...
Condi Rice for 49ers Prez???
Athletes rocking some pretty awesome Halloween costumes
Northwestern Fans Party Like Only They Can…With Passionate Lesbian Kissing
Top 10 Coaches Tirades
Obama's Brother-In-Law is the Coach of Oregon State Basketball? I did not know that.
Why a Phillies World Series Victory Would Be Good for Obama
Deron Williams, Chris Paul Wilderness Survival Guide, Funny Video
Cheapest Advertising on PR 4 blog
The Wall Street Boxing Championship, White Collar Traders Duke it Out!
World's worst soccer team thrilled to get first tie
The levitation project, snowboard jumps
Pistons and Nuggets Reportedly Ready to Swap Billups and McDyess for Iverson
Presidential Sports Trivia
These girls rule at Ping Pong
Tales of 2 Surfergirls Travels (w/ PICS)
The Worst Goaltender Mistakes of All Time [video] 
Eagles WR Hank Baskett actually caught something, a Playboy Playmate
Buck Burnette Racial Slur on Facebook Gets Him Kicked Off Team
BCS is for Chimps
The New Baseball Economics: An Interview with Craig Calcaterra
My new hockey blog. If you like Hockey Buzz you'll love this!! 
Favre's Nephew Sets a Mississippi High School Football Record
Inigo Diaz de Cerio injury - video
School Cheerleader Girls allegedly poisoned rivals' treats
Tim Lincecum Reacts to Winning The Cy Young - Could This Guy Look Any Younger?
Huge Basketball Fight in Russia, Afterwards they play 3 on 3, Video
The Cardinals may have missed the playoffs, but Pujols still deserves NL MVP award for 2008
Those Bruins are such pranksters, painting USC's statue blue
Babe Ruth '38 Dodgers uniform goes for $310,500
UFC 91 Results: Lesnar Defeats Couture for Heavyweight Title
Errant call in Steelers-Chargers affects betting:  Approximately $32 million in bets affected when TD wrongly overruled.
Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban accused of insider trading
Basketball Legend Pete Newell Dead at 93
Lance Armstrong has revealed that he fears being attacked by spectators when he makes his return to the Tour de France next year.
Lance Armstrong: the full transcript of Donald McRae's interview with the cycling legend | Sport | guardian.co.uk
Dustin Pedroia Wins the AL MVP
Pedroia Named AL MVP!
Red Sox 2B Dustin Pedroia wins AL MVP 
Denver Nuggets dancer leaves team announcers speechless 
QB sneak: Romo lends a hand to homeless man
Porter on Vick: 'All it was was dogs.'
Ask SportsReddit:  I go to Tech, any advice on what to do after being raped?
Myron Rolle was awarded a Rhodes scholarship Saturday. He is the first major-college football player of his generation to win the world’s most prestigious postgraduate academic scholarship.
Detroit (0-11) moved a step closer toward becoming the NFL’s first 0-16 team.  Considering name change to LOLCATS.
Report: Weis' buyout figure won't keep him safe
Largest Sports Cities with 4 Major Sports
BCS is about to become a Texas-sized mess 
NFL big men don't always fit in
Giants' Burress Shoots Himself Accidentally in the Thigh
Giants Football Blog » Derrick Ward At Scene?
BBC SPORT | Football | Premier League | Chelsea 1-2 Arsenal
Armstrong starts training; anti-doping site absent - Cycling
South St. Paul Examiner: Christmas season means hockey in South St. Paul
Footage of Plaxico Burress Shooting Himself 
The Real story on the 30 Point Buck from Wisconsin.. Really shot in Ohio in 2006
Is Layla Kiffin the Hottest Coaching Wife Ever?
Jury still out over Beijing Games doping 
Ronaldo Nets Ballon d'Or to Cap Golden Season
India not to tour Pakistan
Clinch Week
Michael Phelps Named Sportsman Of The Year By Sports Illustrated
England set to resume India tour
Honda bows out as credit crunch hits Formula One
What NBA fans want for Christmas
College football coaches' wives
2008 Asian Beach Games (PICS)
Navy wins, beats Army 34-0
2008-09 BSC College Football Bowl Schedule
Records show how Vick burned through fortune
Visanthe Shiancoe Locker Room Penis Video
Formula One set to see standardised engines 
Chicago Blackhawks: Chicago Blackhawks Star In A Heart-Warming Tale Of Thanksgiving Joy
Strauss hits century as England wobble on opening day
Owens-Romo rift growing?
Strauss stars as England dominate
76ers fire coach Maurice Cheeks
Chiefs GM of 20 years resigns after 2-12 record - NFL 
Ingrid Vandebosch And Hubby At New York Premiere of Valkyrie
If you're Cashman, who'd be a better buy...Texeira or Ramirez? I like Manny...He's a free spirit, for sure, but...We like some of the other guys, too. We just don't know yet. (Steinbrenner)
Ole Miss Basketball Coach Andy Kennedy Arrested
Utah Jazz's Carlos Boozer plans to opt out at end of season
Sundin Decides! - Van City it is
Shoes Thrown at Charles Barkley, Like George Bush, Funny Video
EagleBank Bowl: Wake Forest vs. Navy
Shaq To Miss 5,000th Career Free Throw
Baseball Hall of Fame Needs To Change 5% Rule
A Miracle? - Amazing Golf Shot [video]
Tiny Nate Robinson's one-handed putback slam is SICK [video]
DaGovernor.com Started as Illinois Citizens Demand That Mike Ditka Run to Take Rod Blahgeovich's Spot
Inspiring, selfless acts of athletes: Dwyane Wade edition
A Look Back At The 2008 Monday Night Football Season 
Former UFC Fighter Justin Eilers Shot and Killed
H.S. Football Team Goes Whole Year Without Punting -- Find Out What Happened
New England Patriots Examiner: Patriots-Bills Preview: Patriots must beat Buffalo to keep their playoff hopes alive
Detroit Lions Go 0-16, Make Perfect Mess of Season
Now For The Annual Question:  Will Favre Retire?
Cowboys blasted in media; players point fingers
ESPN Interactive Tuesday, Love it or Hate it?
Cowboys Bradie James confronts fan weaing sandwich sign
NFL General Manager who once said We want Christian players who can play football well is fired for incompetence
Fishing Guides Home Page announces top Bikini Fishing Pic of 2008 .. NO we are not SI, but hey we dont have the budget.
Winter meetings and the Cubs
Reggie Evans Gets a Tech for Spanking Kyle Korver, Video
The Best of the NFL: 2008 Edition
Inside the Playbook - NFL data project by the NY Times
Week 2 of the College Bowl Season - Blog Bowl Content
Usdain Bolt edges Michael Phelps for media's athlete of the year - More Sports - SI.com
Josh Neer is a fucking idiot. I would never say it to his face though.....
Hockey Player Dies After Fight
3...2...1...BLAST OFF!
That Is Texas QB Colt McCoy's Girlfriend At The Fiesta Bowl
Skier With His Pants Down Left Hanging Upside Down From A Chairlift
Carl R. Pohlad, Owner of Minnesota Twins, Dies at 93
Shaq, Free Throws Are For Sissies, MadTV, Short Video
Andy Pettittte reject $10 million from Yanks so they will just offer him less now
Shaq Posterizes/DESTROYS David Robinson, 1996 NBA All Star Game, Video
Trevor Hoffman taking all his saves to the Brewers
Oklahoma vs Florida; based of course on hotness of cheerleaders.
SEC haters: that's three consecutive national championships!
I bowled a 208, reddit - beat that!
Texas Tech receiver Crabtree headed to NFL
 College Football - Early Rivals.com 2009 Preseason Top 25
Steelers unplug Chargers, win 35-24
Tebow back to Florida for senior season.
Pittsburgh Steelers vs Baltimore Ravens: Hottie vs Cheerleaders
Roger Clemens Drug Use Allegations Investigated by Federal Grand Jury
The Bay - Thats what it's all about Manny...
Vancouver needs a $458 million bail out to complete construction for the 2010 Winter Olympics
Top 10 D-League Ballers that Can Make It to the NBA
Kobe Bryant Sells Ankle Insurance From a Horse, New Viral Video
A thank you from a Celtics fan
The Detroit Red Wings Find Out Shooting And Ducking Pucks Doesn't Prepare You For Law Enforcement
Jon Gruden Gets The Buccaneer Boot
Bucs Fire Jon Gruden After Seven Seasons
Zidanesque wonder goal by Yoann Gourcuff
Boston Celtics Examiner: Celtics to NBA: Is that all you got?
Video: Clemson fan tackles Wake Forest player 
Ravens' McGahee carted off field after major hit [VIDEO]
Top 10 Boxing/MMA Twitterers: Boxers, Fighters &amp; Fans on Twitter
Super Bowl Set: Steelers Face Surprising Cards
First look at NBA All Star jerseys
Police: Men burned Cards message into Eagles QB's lawn
Wordless Wednesday
Jarrett Johnson has some serious ups (video)
For Lance Armstrong, a Plodding Return on a Scorching Day - NYTimes.com
The First Fan of Baseball
AIG ends Man Utd sponsorship deal
Every Superbowl Commercial ... Ever
Former Falcons Player Dronett Found Dead
A Shaq, Kobe, Phil Reunion in Phoenix!? 
Here's why Anquan Boldin is no T.O.
Baldelli uses newspaper ad to thank Rays fans
Dumbing-down of the NFL continues:  Execs now considering changing OT rule whereby both teams must have possession before game can end.
NHL All Star Weekend was this past weekend -- anyone care? 
Rangers' new batting helmet: terrible.
Sarah Spain gives Arizona Cardinals player chest bump
Beckham's 'Goldenbuns' is AC Milan's 'lucky' charm
Beckham's 'Goldenbuns' is AC Milan's 'lucky' charm
Andre Iguodala Posterizes Yao Ming, Facial, Video, 1-28-09
Kurt Warner looks like he's in love with Ben Roethlisberger in this picture...Ben looks like he wants nothing to do with Kurt's love.
Super Bowl XLIII Spontaneously Breaks Out On Media Day   
Shawn Crawford, silver medalist  in 200 M in Beijing Olympics gives up his silver to the real second place winner (who was later DQ'd for running outside his lane)
Michael Phelps Caught Taking Bong Hits At Party
OUTDOOR-NATION: Cardinals think Warner should be in Hall (AP)
Complete Box Score - Pittsburgh Steelers at Arizona Cardinals - Superbowl Roman Numeral Something Or Other
What is the deal with Steeler's Kicker Jeff Reed?  These pics will pale in comparison to what he does tonight.
Steelers fans are the big winners! (pic)
MLB paid Bud Selig $18 MILLION in 2007.  Now I really hate that guy.
football-blues: Harrison has 100-yard INT return for TD (AP)
sports wrap up: Another super Super Bowl for NFL (AP)
Kevin Garnett, Derek Jeter, Monty Python, Funny Gatorade Commercial
I guess Kobe Learned his lesson 
Sandy Koufax Among Madoff Victims
The Top Ten John Daly Quotes
Unworthy Steelers - It wasn't only the Refs that gave them win the Super bowl - Also the easiest schedule EVER!
Michael Phelps Suspended From Swimming
The largest novelty bet payout in history
Patriots put franchise tag on QB Matt Cassel.  Peter King puts french fries tag on Favre.
Typical Steelers Fans Celebrate [PIC]
Union Immorality Displayed in A-Rod Steroid Scandal
David West Brutal Flagrant 2 Foul on Mike Miller, Video, 2-8-09
Scolari sacked by Chelsea
A-Rod Admits to Using Performance-Enhancing Drugs 
Best soccer celebration ever
Roman Abramovich sacks his 4th manager in a row , Scolari kicked out of Chelsea
Freestyle motocross racer Jeremy Lusk dies
This whole steroid crap is a catch 22. If they're going to be fair about it, they need to check everyone ALL THE TIME! As it is now, since so many do it, you can't compete without it, but if you're caught, you're RUINED! 
Ilya Dall Sues Roberto Alomar For Having Unprotected Sex Knowing He Had AIDS
Video- Tyler Hansbrough Gets Elbowed, Duke vs UNC, Flop?
Mo Williams Show with Mo Williams, Guest is Mo Williams, Funny Video
Baseball BIG CONTRACTS WERE A BAD CHOICE
Win a Super Bowl Football for Valentine's Day - The gift that no chick would give you.
Pete Rose calls the kettle black: Is critical of A-Rod
Mike Vick may be playing football sooner than we all thought...
The Hank Aaron Award - Looks like you might need PEDs to win it,
Human Highlight Film
Memphis nixes FedEx Jerseys
Insanely Talented 6 Year Old Soccer Player
Tonya Harding is pissed that everyone still hates her...And oh ya, she looks like a man....an ugly man
Young Kids Playing Sports Much Better than You Ever Could
Hot Wives of the NBA [Semi-NSFW]
Princess Crosby takes another cheap shot and cries when Ovechkin doesn't let him get away with it.
Andre Smith’s Interviews Going ‘Horribly’ - NFL Access
Carlos Delgado Of The New York Mets Is Spamming Me
Awesome gallery of spring training photos
Thank You Clippers for helping me spend the best $12 ever. 
Sri Lankan cricket team attacked in Pakistan - multiple casualties reported
Sri Lankan team attacked
The Year NBA Teams Quit Early
Celtics vs Cavaliers Tickets
Rude way to send off a senior
Watermelon Cracked by Shuttlecock
Alex Rodriguez has a torn labrum in his right hip
Radical SR8 Doing Laps.  INSANE.
Top Ten Reasons To Watch The World Baseball Classic: David Letterman &amp; Team USA
Stephon Marbury Embroils Celtics' Big 3 In Elaborate Shakespearean Intrigue
Video: Chris Paul Dribbling the Ball through Jason Terry's Legs on the Break
Some Interesting NBA data « blog maverick
Behind the scenes: the Leafs deadline day war room
Topps' New 3D Baseball Cards
Syracuse &amp; Uconn 6 OTS
New England Patriots Examiner: Report: Former Buc WR Joey Galloway signs with Patriots
Duke wins its 17th ACC Basketball Championship, Jon Scheyer wins MVP of tourney
Bus Cook: Sports Agent of the Whiney Bitches. 
Iraqi soccer player shot dead on tying goal attempt
New England Patriots Examiner: Patriots close to acquiring Carolina Panthers defensive end Julius Peppers
Five Quick Fantasy Baseball Tips
Chris Paul mangled by Luis Scola, Video
Milwaukee Bucks forward Charlie Villanueva is in hot water for Twittering during halftime.
Fridays with Ben (Fun With Stats) | Pippen Ain't Easy 
5 Things You Didn't Know: March Madness
Why even bother with the NIT?
Jamario Moon is Jdawg441’s biggest fan, Video
“'I wouldn’t go around and call it somebody else’s game just because we lost the game tonight,' Jeter said. - Japan Eliminates U.S. in World Baseball Classic
Schilling announces his retirement
Sweet Sixteen preview and picks
5 Most Feared Drivers in Formula One History
Gilbert Arenas Might Be Coming Back, Let’s Break Out the Red Carpet
Villanova beats Duke for first time in 50 years
Shane McConkey, the greatest skier to ever fly. RIP
63-year old woman does 97 push-ups in one minute
Melbourne F1 Results Update: Hamilton Moves up to Podium (having started last). Trulli looses podium and drops 9 positions.
Citi Field Hosts First Baseball Game
Tiger Woods answers Gunaxin's Six Questions
Cutler Traded to Chicago Bears!
Nadal Stunned After the Miami Defeat!
Vijay Singh, skips water to make hole in one @ Masters, Video
Stanford Mens Volleyball, A pancake dig and a beauty, Video
Angel's Pitcher Nick Adenhart dies in tragic accident.
Sad stuff: Just hours after he finished pitching six scoreless innings, Angels pitcher Nick Adenhart was killed in a hit-and-run
Angels Starting Pitcher Nick Adenhart Killed In Car Crash
Insane behind-the-back shoot-out goal from the ECHL's Nick Lindberg - _X_- WOW!
Ok for an H.  Right hand, from three quarters court, off the backboard, off the ceiling, off the rafters, down the belt and nothing but net.
NHL playoffs begin today. And the only benefit of the NHL being on Versus instead of ESPN - Live hockey every night for the next month.
Rockets blow 14-point lead, chance to clinch division
Charles Barkley: NBA Should Require Two Years at College Level | The World According to MoonDog
After 0-16 season, Lions unveil new, fiercer logo 
10 Worst Premier League Transfers 2008-09
Erick Dampier is a Goon
Wrigley Field Has The Best Beer Vendor Ever, Video
Montreal fans boo the American national anthem
The Rock Getting The Sack at The U
William Perry is in the ICU battling Guillain-Barre Syndrome. Please help me wish him a swift recovery
Stephen Colbert = Greg Maddux. Your mind has just been blown.
My Trip To The House That $1.3 Billion Built
The 09 Jets NFL Schedule is Meshuga! Jimmy Kimmel, Video
NHL Suspends Tortorella, Coach of NY Rangers, for one game
Taylor, Trent are only U-M football players expected to be drafted - Michigan Wolverines streak at 70 years.
Spike Lee Denies Rift With Kobe Bryant | The World According to MoonDog
DC Puts Fear in the Heart of NYC
Lance Armstrong is shut out of this week's Tour of the Gila Race by UCI ruling
Breaking News: Lance Armstrong will compete in New Mexico's Tour of the Hila this week! (UCI found a loophole.)
John Salley was an “Attic” to a “Crack”berry, Video
Let's say there's a new NBA team called the Brooklyn 40's, with the most ghetto players in the league.  Who's your ghetto starting 5 (current players)?
The NBA would be well suited to dump Atlanta, Miami and Orlando, and just hold on to the Celtics and Bulls for another month, best-of-15 series, winner to play Cleveland for the Eastern Conference championship. How do you get rid of one or the other when together they keep producing classics?
UNC football recruit has sex with 14-year-old, gets uncrecruited
Simeon Varlamov (Washington Caps Goalie) Makes Best Save in Playoffs (VIDEO)
YouTube - How to Smash your Tennis Racket
Kobe in tears as King James wins NBA MVP
May 6th: On This Day in 1954 - Mile Under 4 Minutes (Video)
A Cheapskate Sports Fan's Guide
Amazing slow motion surf video filmed with an HD camera [VID]
New group emerges in bid for Hamilton NHL team: A second group wants to move an ailing NHL team to Hamilton, in this case the Atlanta Thrashers, according to the mayor 
Is there anything that the NHL playoffs don't get preempted by?
'Blacked-up' fan causes Spain controversy
The Disposable Superstar - Great OTL Story on Chauncey Billups
Talk about globalization: seven people died in Nigeria after clashes between rival supporters of Chelsea and Manchester United (2008)
Rajon Rondo Shows Off his Crib
120 degrees + 150 miles - toilet = fun
Former NBAer Wayman Tisdale Dies After Cancer Battle
Dallas Cowboys Jokes
NBA Playoffs: Celtics confident they can rebound next season
Trying to find online video highlights of Tottenham vs Man City is like buying drugs.
NBA Playoffs dominated by non-college players
2009 Massachusetts State House Medical Marijuana Hearing Video; Another Athlete Speaks Up
Watch UFC 98 Online
Busted Coverage: Booze, Ladies And Football » Ohio State Fan Proves Yet Again To Be A Fool
Poker personality disorders
All your MLB contract needs.
New England Patriots Examiner: Cowboys looking to trade Pro Bowl LB Greg Ellis, Patriots among potential suitors
New England Patriots Examiner: Michael Vick has paid his debt to society, NFL should reinstate him for the 2009 season
Who else is absolutely sick of ESPN replaying the LeBron basket over and over and over?  That clip is crack for ESPN.  They completely lost the will power to say enough.
Royals manager spits in home plate umpires eyes
LeBron drops 44 points and 8 TOs in 2 point OT loss in Orlando.  Cavs down 3-1.  Only  teams have come back from that deficit.
Hendry Admits To Dealing DeRosa To Get Lineup More Left-Handed
Kobe and LeBron Muppets on ESPN SportsCenter, Video
Sidarth Chand makes state of Michigan proud in Scripps National Spelling Bee
Why does NASCAR have a substance abuse policy? To prohibit Nitrous Oxide?
Kobayashi beats Chestnut in pizza-eating rematch
Delonte West talks about how much he likes Bugs Bunny
Texas beats Boston College 3-2 in 25 innings. Longest college baseball game ever.
Kobe &amp; LeBron are shit role models. How many kids will this paralzye?
Ex-Playboy Model LaTasha Marzolla Wins In Her MMA Debut
Joba Chamberlain Brushes Off Fly Attack No. 2 For Longest Outing of His Career
Jeff Francoeur Sucks
Mike Francesa blows up on WFAN discussing Joba Chamberlain as a reliever
Report: Kimbo Slice to appear in The Ultimate Fighter, mixed martial arts TV reality series
Sharapova eliminated from French...all the hotties are getting bounced
The 15 Greatest Sports Cheats Of All Time
King James left the playoffs as a loser
This former FIU tennis player has awesome cans...
Bryce Harper: The Next Ken Griffey Jr? Not Quite
Congressman urges NBA to drop age minimum
Dwight vs Dwight. Dwight Howard Laughs Last! Vitamin Water Commercial
Lakers crush Magic 100-75 in opener
Busted Coverage: Booze, Ladies And Football » $75 To Hear Layla Kiffin To Speak At Tennessee Women’s Football Clinic
Federer escapes again!  Five set thriller against the dangerous Juan Martin del Potro
The Hangover : When It Blows To Be A Sports Fan
Lakers up 2-0 in overtime win over the Magic
The Grandstand: On unwritten rules and breaking up a no-no - Big League Ste... - MLB - Yahoo! Sports
Rip City Project Mock Draft Part II
Chad OchoCinco Gets Three Tattoos On His Face
As if Ryan Leaf's life couldn't get any worse ...
Minute Maid Park at risk to lose it's license to sell alcohol
Falcons officially release Michael Vick.
PITTSBURG PENGUINS WIN 2-1
Umpire ejects entire crowd during baseball game 
YouTube - SLAPSHOT WITH ICE SCENES ONLY
What's Wrong With Johan?
Tiger Woods vs Scott Van Pelt, EA Sports Video
Eva Longoria Has Autographed Michael Jordan Jersey Stolen | The World According to MoonDog
Michael Strahan to marry Eddie Murphy's ex-wife
So this is why Sosa can't find a Major League job
Even Chicago Says No Hall For Sosa
Wang’s Wife Delivers, Can He?
 Video - Chick MMA Fighter Chokes Out Reporter
F1 teams prepare for breakaway series -  McLaren, Renault, Toyota, BMW Sauber, Red Bull Racing and Toro Rosso all leaving!!!
Breakthrough Technology in Football's War Against Heat Injuries (pic)
Vijay Singh staying loyal to sponsor who defrauded investors out of $8 billion
Tricky baseball spin 'n' swing move
Wicked video: Minor league player performs major league bat trick
Hurray!! Pakistan Champs of T20
The first men's seed falls in straight sets at Wimbledon 2009 (complete with absolute collapse in third set tiebreak)
John Daly Wrecks His Bus Into a Tunnel (No Wings or Beer Were Harmed in the Accident)
The average driving distance in golf is under 200 yards? Own up, people.
Jamal Crawford heading to Atlanta?
Am I the only one who thinks U.S. Soccer is still not elite?
They make it 'cause we buy it: NASCAR potatos ... er, potatoes 
Former College Softballer Bianca Cruz One Step Closer To Becoming Maxim’s Hometown Hottie
Marian Hossa has two options with Red Wings offer: Accept or Sell Out
5 reasons MLB should show people running onto the field
Marbury: Stars shouldn't sign with Knicks
13-year-old football player commits to Vols 
'Uncommitted' Beckham criticized by Donovan
Serena fights off match point to win a thriller, 8-6, against a very tough Elena Dementieva.  She reaches her fifth Wimbledon final.  Will she play Venus?
NY Times takes a shot at NBC's pathetic tape-delay coverage of Wimbledon
Famous Chicago Number 4s
Joey Chestnut makes me proud to be an American
NFL Quarterback Steve McNair is dead (shot in head)
3 time MVP Steve McNair dead!
A Tour de France Primer for Americans
Remembering Steve McNair
Lance Armstrong makes a strong start in Tour de France comeback
5 NL Pitchers That Should Be All-Stars
Guess Who won the 2009 American Football World Junior Championship? (Hint not the number 1 seeds)
McNair Case, A Double Homicide?
Free Golf in Ann Arbor?
Seau Open To Another Return
Top 10 depressed MLB franchises
I know everyone in the U.S hates on soccer, but this FIFO typo takes ignorance to a whole new level, leave it to CNN to raise the bar.
Man fights charge he sold counterfeit Tampa Bay Rays shirts (and should definitely win!)
Yankees Creep Up On Red Sox
Rick Nash Signs 8-Year Extension
“I'm worth every penny” – Cristiano Ronaldo
5 People You Are Guaranteed To Meet At Wrigely Field
Celtic confirm signing of Marc-Antoine Fortuné
The Onion: Baseball Fans Delighted By New Between-Innings Fuck-Cams
I'll just slide the rest of the way
New England Patriots WR Wes Welker changes agents
New England Patriots Player Profile: Joey Galloway
LaMarr Woodley Is Apparently Essence Magazines Single Man Of The Month
Game 87 Live Blog: Pirates at Phillies
RIP Arturo Gatti
How to climb a Tree
Pittsburgh Pirates Half-Season in Review
Next logical question: Brock Lesnar vs. Fedor Emelianenko? 
5-year-old golf prodigy's unbelievable swing. And oh yeah, he's living with cancer.
Dwyane Wade's Disaster
Luckiest cricket catch ever! (video)
Home Run Derby: Brandon Inge Gets a Complimentary Gatorade
Kimbo Slice talks about being on The Ultimate Fighter
Senator Hatch Wants BCS Investigated
Just Let Cutler Be Cutler (Reminiscing About The Sex Cannon)
Mauer + Morneau + Captain Morgan = All-Star fun
Derrick Mason Goes Barry Sanders All Over the Ravens
Charlie Villanueva loses to Chris Bosh in Twitter Competition
Manchester United and England striker Wayne Rooney has revealed that Paul Gascoigne was his streetwise hero as a kid. 
Mountain West, WAC Sign BCS Contract
Am I the only one slightly pissed off that I still haven't seen Obama's first pitch at the All-Star Game from an angle not shot with a shaky hand-held camera that didn't show home plate?
Congrats Carlos! Now Leave. Ted, You Can Stay.
Federal agents arrest convicted felon who sold the gun that killed Steve McNair
Nadal Returns for the US Open Series
Cink pips veteran Watson to Open Championship in playoff
england go 1-0 up in the ashes!! woohooo
Andrew Flintoff fires England to victory over Australia in second Ashes Test
				Sport |
				guardian.co.uk
10 White Guys The Pacers Could Sign | Pacers Place
  81-year-old qualifies for NASCAR West series race
Villarreal hammer Spanish minnows 27-0 in preseason game
Katarina Witt heading up group hoping to bring Winter Olympics to Munich (with pics)
David Beckham's not-so-fan-friendly experience  
Tour de France 2009: Cadel Evans tips Bradley Wiggins to win yellow jersey - Telegraph
Sexual assault complaint gets very specific regarding interaction between McNulty and Ben Roethlisberger
What site offers the best and most reliable fantasy football information, analysis and predictions?
Acquitted of rape charges, ex-NFL kicker Tony Zendejas now suing the L.A. County Sheriff's Dept. for $2 million
Lance gives glimpse of his old self, stays in 2nd
This Week In Chicago Sports Quotes
Singer Marc Anthony Becomes Partial Owner Of Miami Dolphins
The Mets are in shambles
The Cubs Offense Is Really That Bad
Chris Bosh laughs at the thought of joining the Knicks 
 Bolt wins London 100m at a canter
The toughest team sport in the world.
Tension erupts as Contador wins, Lance is 3rd - Tour champ says he and Astana teammate are ‘totally incompatible’
David Cross on Rickey Henderson
Ron Zook would love to see Illinois vs. Northwestern at Wrigley Field
YouTube - Lance Armstrong rips journalist a new one.
Michael Vick Fans at Redskins Camp
A growing list of unfair taunts to hurl at Boston fans.
Indians Trade Victor Martinez One Day Ahead of Victor Martinez Bobblehead Day at Progressive Field | Cleveland Leader
White Sox to Likely Land Peavey.
Ask Sports: Do you think girls will ever play professionally with guys in any physical sport? (e.g. NASCAR doesn't count.) If so, which ones?
Topic: Swimming Lessons | CosmoLearning Sports. Free to Watch, swimming techniques in freestyle, breaststroke, butterfly and much more. 
Roethlisberger won't talk about rape accusation - ‘This is what I do, it's football,’ Steelers QB says week after being sued
High-Tech and Mighty
Sydney Olympics (2000) - Most memorable swimming event (video)
List of NBA Free Agents for 2009 and 2010 Offseasons
With Flurry Of Criminal Headlines, NFL Can't Wait Till Sept. 10th
Long term WTF deals
Five reasons comedian Bill Burr loves hockey - Puck Daddy - NHL - Yahoo! Sports
Immortality awaits Bruce Smith, Ralph Wilson:Bills fans flock to Canton to watch Smith and Wilson get inducted into Hall of Fame
Eunice Kennedy Shriver, Founder of Special Olympics, Dies at 88  
Bill Simmons takes in Boston Red Sox slugger David Ortiz's explanation in a sport that has become numb to scandal - ESPN
Can Running Actually Help Your Knees?
Mets outfielder Jeff Francoeur won't wear a really safe batting helmet because he thinks it will effect his batting average. No, wait, it's because he doesn't want to look like a clown.  Really.
Landon Donovan has Swine Flu!
Bolt obliterates 100-metre world record
Asafa Powell Nike Zoom Feature (2007)
Magath-happy-with-Schalke-start

Youngest football manager takes charge of 'world's worst team'
Interview with a Baseball Legend
The fact of the matter is that Brett Favre doesn’t actually love football. Say what you will about Peyton Manning, but that guy genuinely loves the football: studying tape and all that shit. Favre doesn’t. He just loves being a football player...
Top 10 Mike Tyson KOs
We entered Caster [Semenya] as a woman and we want to keep it that way
Plaxico Burress pleads guilty, will serve 2 years in prison
Cubs Deal Inked.
Why The Browns Should Sign Usain Bolt
Phillies fan pours beer on Mets fan's head, then lays him out.
The Ashes cricket matches - the importance of the England v Australia test matches
Unassisted Triple Play: Phillie Eric Bruntlett Makes History 
Usain Bolt would run the 40 in WHAT?! -3.73?  3.92? 4.21?
Unemployed Harrison generating little interest -
Tim Tebow makes me not want to watch anything associated with college football for this year.
John Madden Blasts Cris Collinsworth's Hoagie Knowledge
17 year old Mike Perham becomes world’s youngest solo sailing circumnavigator - insane kid!
Ex-Detroit Red Wings star Sergei Fedorov has won his lawsuit against a man he says swindled him out $43-million during the past 11 years.
TMQ's NFC Preview.  Give it a try!
If PEOPLE is going to report on Erin Andrews they should at least know what she looks like.
World Cup qual. - Capello calls up Cahill for England 
Does Ibuprofen Help or Hurt During Exercise?
Cowboys most valuable franchise in NFL; Raiders most worthless
Boise State 19, Oregon 8, and a pop to the jaw
Minnesota Vikings quarterback Brett Favre fined $10,000 for illegal crackback - His non-apology/regrets: I will be 40 years old in October and [was] weed-eating 13 days ago, Favre said. I wasn't thinking about throwing blocks.
Navy comes with a score of upsetting OSU.  Pryor outplayed by Midshipmen's QB
The Associated Press's Ohio bureau has reported that Navy is being paid $1.45 million to play at Ohio Stadium today. That figure, reportedly confirmed by sources in the Ohio State athletic department, would represent one of the highest single-game payouts in college football history.
Williams defeated in her earliest out since 2004.
Sex tests not explained to runner, coach says - Semenya didn't understand what procedures she was undergoing
NFL stars mentor the Detroit Lions- The Onion
For Nike, Jordan delivered the goods and more.  
A.J. Looks, Acts Like Douchebag on Monday Night Raw (Not Really Edition)
Philly man who claimed WR Harrison shot him dies
Is there a good place to stream NFL games online?
T.O. doesn't like the no-huddle, jabs Patriots.  And so it begins...
Does anyone else hate Kevin Youkilis for no discernible reason?
Tony La Russa Uses Hairspray [1985 advertisement]
10 of the best MMA ring entrances ever
U.S. Open reviewing end of Serena’s match
What do you think is the reason that mid-major schools are so much more competitive nowadays?
If I could, I would take this [fucking] ball and shove it down your [fucking] throat, Serena Williams said...
Michigan player punches Notre Dame player 9/2009.  BigTen and RichRod didn't see shit.
Dad for a day: Young surprises McNair's sons
Athletes and Political Donations
Mythical national championship 
Bengals Ochocinco fulfills promise, makes Lambeau Leap in Cincinnati’s game against the Green Bay Packers on Sunday.
MMA fighter,Rampage, gets Mr. T role in 'A-Team' movie, will not fight at UFC 107
Babes Love Baseball: Zack Greinke is a Bad Ass
Michael Vick will play this Sunday
Which of These Two is Less Stable: Milton Bradley of The Chicago Cubs, Or The Game Jenga by Milton Bradley? [Someone Else Might Want Him Edition]
Ichiro ejected for first time in career
Oh Great, Even Less Scoring In Soccer
He may be old and a diva, but you can't argue with a TD for the win with two seconds left...
Not often do you see a team throw away a shot at victory in a sudden-death overtime shootout - just to make a point...
12 of the best pole vaulting Fails of all-time
Is Kevin Durant A Superstar?
Michael Vick re-signs deal with Nike.
The single greatest  college football player right now. Seriously!!! - John P. Lopez
 - SI.com
Chicago eliminated, comes in last in Olympic voting
Comeback sadness
The good thing for Manning is that he doesn't have to be evaluated or treated by the Mets' medical staff.
Steve Smith (NYG) is leading the NFL in receptions, yards, and touchdowns. Chris Carter says he's absolutely not a No. 1 receiver. [video]
In the midst of heated AL Central race, Tiger Miguel Cabrera stays out drinking until 5 am, then comes home and fights with wife
Vilma upset with dirty Sanchez [vid]
Tony Romo thought it was 3RD down at the end of the Dallas-Broncos game when it was 4TH. 
Cancer-survivor Lance Armstrong is now shilling for Michelob which (like all alcohol) can cause cancer
Does Bill Belichick Ever Smile - Even in a Team Photo? (pic) 
dear sports reddit: Why do the Kansas City Chiefs have the state of Texas plastered on their helmets in their game against the Cowboys?
The World’s Game Weaves Its Magic 
New Mexico Lobos Football Assistant Punched By Head Coach Resigns
10 Coaches For The Ultimate Fighter
Bengals say goodbye to Vikki Zimmer, wife of defensive coordinator Mike Zimmer
 9-year-old kid amazing hockey goal 
NBC's Chris Collinsworth likes high school girls.
Zorn out as play-caller
No ladies, you will not get big and bulky if you train like a guy.  This training myth annoys me.
Akron Zips seek QB via ad in school newspaper
Phillies Beat the Dodgers and Go to the World Series! [Pics]
Bob Griese apologies for making a questionable remark concerning tacos and Juan Pablo Montoya during a game.
Angels v Yankees Game 6 of ALCS postponed until Sunday. First pitch set for 8:20 p.m. ET; Game 7 would be Monday 

Steelers' 2 defensive TDs beat Vikings 27-17
First, the chop blocks and now this. Frankly speaking, I'm tired of Sanchez's hot-dogging out on the field.
Barnsley vs Manchester United Preview... United to experiment new players in the 4th round of Carling cup at the Mereyside! This seems like a new tradition.. Gabriel Obertan to make his debut
SEC officiating the talk of the town again. Two more coaches vocally unhappy, and later reprimanded by commissioner, over questionable penalty calls in this week's games.
Is the NFL Fixed?  Shhh, Roger Goodell is Listening.
Sir Alex Ferguson admits FA charge after referee tirade
The Bandwagoners Guide to the 2009 New York Yankees
KC Chiefs tell Larry Johnson to stay away from the team (which sounds more like a reward than a punishment)
Yankees win game 2 behind Burnett.
FOX’s TV Camera Extends Onto Field, Causes Controversy on A-Rod Home Run
Before he beat up Randy Hanson, Oakland Raider's coach Tom Cable practiced on women.
Sabathia to start Game 4 for Yankees 
Ryan Howard didn't touch home.  They still counted it in the bottom of the 4th.  
Why has everyone forgotten that Brett Favre started well last year, and is just going to fall apart again?
Is there seriously no place on the internet where you can listen to the World Series?
The Saints have a legit shot at going 16-0 or even 18-1.
Awww yeah. Vince Young Foods, baby!
Fedor Emelianenko - widely seen as one of the best MMA fighters in the world - will fight on CBS Saturday night.  Here is a highlight video if you haven't seen him fight yet.
Why did Yankee Stadium play We Are the Champions by Queen?  Everyone knows Yankee Stadium is in The Bronx.  This is what makes baseball so great.
Fans petition KC Chiefs to keep Larry Johnson from setting franchise rushing record
It's sweeter when you beat the defending champions. Jeter, Posada, Rivera and Pettitte now have 5 rings.  The last person to do that was... a Yankee- Whitey Ford.  27!
New York Marathon winner tests positive for performance enhancing ...
A graph about people
No. 15 Ohio St beats No. 11 Penn St, 24-7 
Neb. intercepts OU's Jones 5 times in 10-3 win - College Football - Rivals.com
This Week in SEC Officiating Controversies 
Elizabeth Lambert, soccer's biggest be-otch.
Larry Johnson has been cut from the Kansas City Chiefs
Fuck you, Steve Yzerman
Germany's national goalie Robert Enke commits suicide.
Tim Hudson agrees on 3-year deal to stay with Braves
The New Air Jordans Suck
The Who Will Perform At The Super Bowl 
Am I the only one who thinks Troy Aikman is biased against the Dallas Cowboys when he commentates their games broadcast on FOX?
The Bengals, for some reason, are about to sign Larry Johnson
The Hubris of Bill Belichick -- what we were all thinking last night, but Collinsworth and co were too afraid to say
He's putting WHAT on his injured ankle?
Seated Reverse Granny shot during game[vid]
The Tiger Woods Effect: How superstars convince the rest of us to just give up.
So you lost your fantasy game because Maurice Jones-Drew took a knee to help the Jaguars manage the clock against the Jets rather than scoring a touchdown? Well, so did he.
France's 'dubious' goal against Ireland to advance to the 2010 World Cup
Is Mark Mangino a Big Fat Jerk?
Streaming NFL games?
Pats defense, productive offense beat Jets 31-14 - NFL
Ridiculous goal by Steve Stamkos (NHL)
YouTube - Andre Agassi  60 minutes Exclusive interview! Hating tennis, using meth / November 8 2009
Derek Jeter will be named SI Sportsman of the Year
Washington Wizards owner Abe Pollin dies at 85
Josh Mcdaniels just cussed on national TV. It was awesome.
Tiger Woods &amp; Wife Argued Before Crash | One Florida law enforcement official called it a domestic issue.
Pittsburgh gets their lose on to West Virginia 
Guy Who Has Caught 3000 Baseballs 
Photos of Tiger Woods' damaged SUV after the crash
I have to run to Zales to get a 'Kobe Special.' The person on the other end of the phone asked Tiger what a Kobe Special was. The reply -- A house on a finger.
A lesson in why you kneel when you have the lead and time is about to expire.
Al Groh Fired by Virginia for Seat Being Too Hot
And The Horse You Rode In On : Toby Gerhart, The Gordie Lockbaum Of The New Millenium
31 Unbelievable High School Mascots
The Pittsburgh Steelers Lost Again
I don't know if /r/sports is aware of how ridiculous Cowboys TE Martellus Bennet is.  Here's just one small example.  
The Answer is back! Iverson signs with 76ers
University of Alabama Football Bloggers made a ridiculous slapstick re-cap of the 2009 season (I'm in there as Auburn).
Unfortunate timing: The Obama/Tiger Woods magazine cover
Drink-in Saturday College Football 
The College football weekend in graphs
Insight Bowl officials admit to picking Iowa State over Missouri because of ticket sales, not merit
Yankees will possibly trade for Granderson...
Fedor Loves Punching You, Eating Snickers
Craziest football play ever!  Have you guys ever seen anything (other than that) that worked?
NFL slaps $30,000 fine on Chad Ochocinco for outfit - Does he have any money left?
Tiger Woods and Wife Have $300 Million Dollar Prenup - Tiger Woods
Why does Congress have the right to interfere with the inner workings of college and professional sports?
Steelers lose 5 in a row!
Snoop Dog donates a million plus out of his own pocket to start a youth football league and revitalizes inner city football in LA.  
after reading Rick Reilly’s pompous, unrealistic, holier-than-thou, how-to-fix-your-marriage column directed at Tiger Woods on ESPN.com yesterday, I’ve finally had enough of this Reilly high-horse nonsense that's been going on since Woods crashed his SUV into a fire hydrant two weeks ago.
Arguably the best QB of the last 3 years won't be in NYC.  He'll be in Montana playing in a spot for the NC.
HUGE dunk by Corey Brewer over Derek Fisher.
Peter Gammons: My 20 years at ESPN
Return to Normalcy: With Tiger Woods out of the sport indefinitely, golf is officially boring again.
How much would you have paid Colt to respond to What has Tebow taught you about Alabama's defence? with Not much, at the Heisman presentation?
One of the most ridiculous blocks I've seen in a long time.  
Brandon Marshall is kind of good at football.
Jay Mariotti: Why Tiger Woods will never recover 
Roy Williams kicks out heckling fan at the Dean Dome 
Chad Ochocinco On The Death of Chris Henry - :: Cincinnati news story :: LOCAL 12 WKRC-TV in Cincinnati
Chris Henry, dead at 26, could have been a role model - Shutdown Corner - NFL Blog - Yahoo! Sports
SI.com Offends Fans of Chris Henry (and good taste) Through Liberty Mutual Broken Windshield Ad 
Is there a Reddit Bowl Pick'em contest organized yet?  
Shadow Boxing: Fifty men fought Muhammad Ali. Only one of them disappeared.
Kobe Bryant Fades Away For The Game Winning Shot In Overtime Against The Bucks [video]
With 5 seconds left, the Steelers make a 19 yard touchdown to win the game 37-36!
Best week of football so far this season?
Over 10 years since MJ was in town, and still sinking.  Bulls blow record lead in 2nd half.
Gareth Thomas is a living legend in Welsh rugby.  He is also gay.  Gareth describes his teams reaction: I felt everyone was protecting me and closing in tight around me. No one distanced themselves from me, not one single person.
Go home and get your frickin' shinebox. 
This is how I would describe the Chicago Bears' season. 
NFL playoff picture
Roger Goodell sucks. Wanna watch all the blacked out sporting events from anywhere in the world? Here's how: Merry Christmas, from the dudes at HipsterDouchebagFootballBlog.com
LeBron James Christmas Day Half Court (Almost) Buzzer Beater [Vid]
YouTube
				- Charles Barkley Golf Swing
McGrady Leaves Rockets After Meeting With Adelman
Florida Gators coach Urban Meyer could return after leave of absence
NFL Playoff Scenario Generator
U.S. Olympic Men's Ice Hockey Team to be Unveiled on NBC Immediately Following Bridgestone NHL Winter Classic Jan. 1
From the No Shit desk: Poll shows fans want to scrap the BCS for a football playoff
Philly fans live up to their reputation
Kobe Bryant vs. Michael Jordan Game Winning Shots [Discussion Inside]
Adam James' Cell Phone Video Of Him Locked In Electrical Closet Released. Now what do you guys think about this whole situation?
Best of Everything in Sports of The Last Decade
This is why the system sucks.(CFB)
Yet more dirt shakes lose in the Leach/James brouhaha: Texas Tech trainer didn't agree with Adam James' treatment
It's time to end the charade of athletes as role models 
A 9000-plus word opus on the Kansas City Royals decade.
Two St. Louis Rams fans fight over a shoe, resulting in the hardest hit of the season.
Tiger Woods' disappearing act since he crashed his SUV outside his Florida home may be partly due to a pair of missing teeth, compliments of a nine-iron to the face that night from his wife.
I'm a BSC / college football n00b with a question for the Reddit fans of college football, what's next for Boise State?
Iowa Hawkeyes Win Orange Bowl, Beat Ga Tech 24 - 14  
Is everybody who is arguing that Boise/TCU/etc could never hang with the top big conference teams completely forgetting about Utah's complete destruction of Alabama last year?
BCS National Championship Game: Is anyone at all taking Texas to win?
Mark McGwire might play this year for St. Louis?
US and Japan in talks over Global Baseball World Series
so Gay-Rod is dating a tranny - makes sense.. 
Reddit, what do you think of Peyton Manning winning his 4th MVP?
Hipster douchebag asks, What's with hot, trashy chicks posing with dead deer? Oh, and some NFL playoff picks...
What happens to the BSC trophy after Alabama wins?  (Welcome to Walmart)
The power of a strong rushing game and a good defense: Joe Flacco is 4/10 for 34 yds, 0 TD and 1 INT...and the Ravens are winning by 3 scores.
Tony Dungy: That is not what the Rooney Rule is supposed to be, (that) you make up your mind and then interview a candidate for it anyway just to satisfy the rule.”
Goose Gossage wants steroids users barred from Hall of Fame. That would have to include A-Rod, Clemens, Giambi....
Thousands rioting at UT in response to Lane Kiffin leaving for USC, mattresses burning, and cops using tear gas
The NFL: too damn long
Classic video of Jim Mora Sr. yelling at reporters (NSFW language)
Rex f***ing Ryan! (post game locker room speech)
The Mets are officially the least efficient team of the decade
Derrick Rose Jersey Outsells Garnett, Wade, and Paul
German Ski Resort with Nazi Ties to Make Olympic Bid 
A colleague of mine stated it was common knowledge that Michael Phelps lost against Milorad Cavic in the men’s 100 meter butterfly, I didn't think it was so clear cut. Anyone have reasonable insight?
What does Favre's last throw as a Packer, Jet, and Viking have in common?
Saints history of 43 years of futility ends with a win and a great song/video The Night We Drank That Dixie Down
Shaun White has his own half-pipe and it's amazing - Fourth-Place Medal - Olympics Blog - Yahoo! Sports
Things Learned At A Hockey Game
South African legend Kruger dies
32 NFL Wide Receivers and Their American Idol Audition Songs
STL RB Steven Jackson Accused of Beating Pregnant Girlfriend
And so it begins--- 2010 NFL Mock Draft
Reports: Tiger Woods to Return in Two Weeks
The Real Fans: Miami
Air Peyton. Is Peyton Manning the NFL's Michael Jordon?
Two-Footed Punter is Heading Straight to the Pros
Hey bears fans... you're going to want to hear this. :(
Debating Manning vs. all-time greats - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
The Big Dog is IN THE HOUSE! John Randle to be inducted to Hall of Fame
Colts placekicker Stover, 42, becomes oldest player to score in a Super Bowl - Congratulations!
What is little Timmy doing in there? (Best Super Bowl ad)
Alright, now that the Saints have won, is the national pity party for them over?
With the Superbowl MVP, is Drew Brees now among the elite QB's in the NFL?
Baylen Brees
Best picture from the Superbowl?
Odds to win 2011 Super Bowl: Colts (7-1), Chargers (8-1), Saints (9-1)...Rams (150-1)
Which country do you think will win the most medals in 2010 Vancouver Winter Olympics? 
Former WWE/ECW Taz speaks out on Vince MaMahon and Paul Heyman
Roy Williams Is A Clueless Dick
How bad are the New Jersey Nets?  Well here is a shot of the crowd during the game...
Ethiopia's only pro-skier warms up for Vancouver Winter Olympics [video]
Rams owners to sell team to auto parts manufacturer
How the NBA's international players are bringing reading back to the locker-room. 
If Calhoun Retires, Geno Should Step In
JOEPA WITHOUT HIS GLASSES. YOU ARE NOT PREPARED
No Flashing At Saints Superbowl Parades
Reddit, represent for your nation!
Steve Nash was credited with an assist tonight at the Olympic Opening Ceremonies with a beautiful pass of the torch.
John Daly Takes a Pee on Pebble Beach Golf Course
Simon Ammann lept 108 meters with a speed of 87.3 km/h. Can we shut up about women’s ski jumping now?
Wow! The 2010 dunk contest has been the best one so far!
Basketball record 108,713 watch All-Star Game 
Can we please do something about the *&amp;^%$#@! moguls competition?
No wonder the Mets suck.  
For those of you needing sports (softball) equipment the link and code inside this post gets you 20% off, no minimum purchase; ends 2/17.
You have to see Shaun Whites awesome personal half pipe. 
Winter Olympics day five photos
20 to 30 centimeters tall and about 25 centimeters across
Looks like no one's interested in what Woods has to say.
Does it matter that Tiger said nothing?
Several years back my off the wall friend wrote this song about Desagana Diop.  It's worth a listen.
If you ever wondered why Charles Barkley is the greatest sports commentator ever, look no further
Frank Mir is a piece of shit, says he wants Brock Lesnar to be the first person that dies to Octagon-related injuries.  Say what you will about Lesnar and what he's done, but he's never gone that far.
Tiger Wood's Insincere Apology
American Hockey Player Ryan Kesler said of Team Canada: I hate them; Do I dislike them? said American defenceman Jack Johnson. Yes.  The Hate is on.  Canada vs. USA - Men's Hockey - Today 7:40PM EST.

Federer out of Dubai event due to AIDS
USA defeats Canada in Olympic Hockey 5-3
LaDainian Tomlinson released by Chargers after 9 years
Great 2010 NBA Free Agency Summary
There is only one explanation for poor performances by our Canadian athletes at the Olympics. Stephen Colbert stole our winter to give the advantage to the Americans. Darn him. No, really.
Peyton Manning threw the Super Bowl?  
Brian Westbrook released by Philadelphia Eagles
Bill Simmons on what is wrong with the NBA
Canadian Curler Attains Status of a Rock Star 
Portsmouth FC to go into administration on Friday
Is America Really Ahead in the Olympic Medal Count?
NCAAB - #1 and #2 upset in same  day
Nets beat Celtics... yes the 6-52 Nets
If Canada loves hockey so much, why don't they have a pro league on par with the NHL?
Zinedine Zidane of France says he'd rather die than apologize to Marco Materazzi
100 days until FIFA World Cup kicks off
The Gilbert Arenas of Baseball
It began with a horrifying fatal accident on a controversial sheet of ice and it ended in Canadian ecstasy on a far friendlier sheet of ice.
Ohio State Spring Game Is Perfect Time To Get Drunk, Look At College Chicks And Talk Football « Busted Coverage: Booze, Ladies And Football
Top Five Canadian Hockey Goals
UNC gets to 2000 wins, congratulations to a great program.
Trick Play
Louisville Cardinals take down #1 Syracuse in the last game at Freedom Hall
Baseball's unbalanced schedules don't lead to fair play 
To prove his innocence Big Ben gets the same lawyer who got ray lewis off the hook for murder.
The Unofficial Official reddit Cycling Jersey: Now Available To Order! (cross-post from /r/bicycling)
Donate $1 to Kevin Youkilis' (BOS) charity and vote on what facial hair he has on opening day! (He currently has a pretty badass goatee, let's give him a fu manchu, reddit!)
Browns Trade Quinn to Broncos
Who here would be interested in doing a Reddit NCAA Tourney pool?
Chuck Knoblauch scores another hit to help that lifetime average
/r/Sports 2010 NFL Mock Draft.
Bruins Hockey Rules
Suh scheduled to pay two-day visit to Lions
Wrigley could feature Toyota sign if deal is OK'd
This great old Nike ad with Mats Sundin is what I think of everytime I see a grown man cycling fast along a sidewalk... 
YouTube - No Running Nike Commercial
Minnesota Twins, Joe Mauer agree to eight-year contract extension
Maryland fan recorded his reaction to loss against Michigan State
Autistic teenager has a perfect bracket.
How many college basketball teams would make a video of a player solving Rubik's Cube?  Um, Cornell would
Autistic kid's perfect bracket, perfect no more.
The Onion: Cornell Drains Fun Out Of Cinderella Run By Explaining How On A Long Enough Timeline The Improbable Becomes Probable
This is a surprise how, exactly?  Study: Yankees are the highest paid players on the planet.
Sports event happens.
I'm tired of the last 2 minutes of NCAA Basketball taking forever
Duke vs. West Virginia, Butler vs. MSU.
10-Year Old Chicago Basketball Prodigy Recruited By Knicks
Dallas Stars' Steve Ott tallies first career hat trick vs. San Jose
Clark Kellogg refers to the Midwest region of the NCAA tournament as a bang bus.  
Forget Cinderella, ROOT FOR STATE SCHOOLS AT FINAL FOUR.
Notre Dame recruit who fell from balcony was drunk and belligerent at the time he fell.
RIP Andrew Bogut's arm
Venus Williams loses to Kim Clijsters in Sony Ericsson final
I'm obsessed with fantasy baseball
Anyone else hate ESPN's new balls, strikes, and outs interface?
If you’re a real American, root for the Blue Devils | The Chronicle
Report: Wayne Gretzky in talks to buy Dallas Stars
The 30 Hottest WAGs in Major League Baseball 
Breaking News: MLB Salaries don't really change, but we will write a headline to make you think they did.
Braves rookie homer in first at bat.
Halladay off to strong NL start, Phillies win 11-1. Halladay off to strong NL start, Phillies win 11-1.


A first hand view of the J-Hey kid's first at-bat, A HEYMAKER!! The most electrified I have ever seen Turner Field (vid)
Evan Turner to enter NBA draft
They spelled Runner-Up wrong
Too much of a splash...
Report Says Big Ben Will Not Be Charged 
How many of you almost spit out your beer when you heard Jim Nantz say this at the end of Tiger's round (vid)
Rumors swirling around the internet of a Phil Mickelson Affair
An impressive box score, Mr. Bryant.
Angels Watch as Man Jumps to Death
Sportcenter announced that SNL's Weekend Update anchor Seth Meyers will host the upcoming ESPY Awards
Dolphins fans, beware: Brandon Marshall's history of legal trouble
Did you all remember to vote in this poll?
Jaylin Fleming, the ten year old basketball player that already has colleges scouting him
The ten quickest career failures in the NFL
And just when you thought it couldn't get any worse for Tiger Woods.....
Calling Out Mel Kiper: 3rd Year In A Row My Mock Draft Was Better
Yankees convert first triple play in 42 years yesterday in a losing effort to the A's 
HD sports torrents sites?
Tim Tebow a.k.a. Mile High Messiah
Cleveland Browns won't play quarterback Colt McCoy in 2010, team president Mike Holmgren says
Denver Broncos say Tim Tebow's role limited to QB, 'that's all'
Spurs take a 3-1 lead over the Mavs
Are playoffs actually a fair way of determining the best team?
Phils Sign Howard to Biggest Deal in Club History
Everybody talks about Kevin Durant, but nobody mentions his evil twin, former NBA player Devin Durrant.
IOC strips China of its women's gymnastics team medal for using underage athletes!
Basketball Celebration Fail [VIDEO]
What 3 sportscasters/sports personalities would you most like to see work together?
Football : Fulham   2 - 1   Hamburg (agg 2 - 1)

South Africa sells out World Cup tickets: Residents angry at FIFA restrictions and question if they will benefit from World Cup.
You Are There: Catching A Home Run Ball - Ballhawks - Deadspin
 MLB considering seizing ownership of Texas Rangers
UVA LAX player charged in murder
If Hank Aaron broke the home run record in 2010 [pic]
LT arrested, something to do with rape.
Kerr finally has Suns in the right place
West Indies vs Sri Lanka Watch T20 Live Streaming Cricket | View Live Sports Free Online Streaming
When I asked a league source what (Jamarcus) Russell struggled with the most in Oakland, what part of his game, the answer was devastating: Everything. Every aspect of the position,'' the source said.
I don't think we lost anything, even with McNabb being gone. - DeSean Jackson
A-Rod and Dallas Braden get into it through the media when A-Rod walks over the mound after a foul. A-Rod mocks Braden for being a nobody. Today, Braden throws the 19th perfect game in MLB history.  A-Rod has 2 HRs this season. What has A-Rod done that'd bigger than that?
Nash-clops takes down the Spurs in 4!
How are you going to leave him hanging like that?
An Open Response to Donovan McNabb
Does the sweep of the Spurs by the Suns represent a collapse by the Spurs or are the Suns that good?
Interesting article about Steve Nash from 1995
Adam Morrison well on his way to get his 2nd ring.  
IAE rooting against the Cavs because they don't want to see the inevitable neverending Lebron the greatest ever? conversation that would happen if the Cavs win it all this year?
Boston Celtics rout Cleveland Cavaliers, 120-88, for 3-2 lead in series
This is what every block of downtown Montreal looks like right now, after a quarter-final win. Imagine what it will look like if we win the cup?(Cross-post from r/Canada) [PIC]
I have not been this excited about Knick's basketball in over 10 years!!!!!
Softer side of 'The Big Ticket': KG talks about the loss of friend and teammate Malik Sealy [Vid]
German Skipper Ballack, Out of World Cup
NBA 2010 Free Agent Prediction Game
Yankees kill Papel-bum again with 4 in the 9th, walk off 11-9 on Thames' blast.
Washington Wizards win first pick in the NBA draft.
Boston Celtics head home with 2-0 lead over Orlando Magic
Stay classy, Philly.
I just saw Stephen Strasburg pitch in Rochester.  It was an amazing thing to see.  He is really as incredible as advertised: 6.1 IP, 0ER, 3H, 9K -- consistently hit 99mph+ into the 7th.
Russian/Euro Redditors, what's your opinion of Mikhail Prokhorov?
Brett Favre hangs NFL future on Southern Miss Golden Eagles
2010 NBA Playoffs...The House Of The Rising Suns..Phoenix Beats L.A. 118-109.....2 for 2 On My Game 3 Picks!!
Cleveland Browns sign an undrafted defensive tackle who never even recorded a tackle at ECU.
A good Tuesday sports night in NYC.
Owners choose New York/New Jersey to host Super Bowl XLVIII
This is a tragedy.
President Obama, leader of the free world, would like to see LeBron James in Chicago
The 2010 NBA Finals
Thanks a lot Roy - Love Dallas
Lakers vs Celtics. Who do you want?
The relationship between Kobe Bryant and Ron Artest pre-Lakers and now. Be nice, it's the first time I've made a video.
So Lakers and Celtics fans.  With both of your teams in the NBA Finals, are you feeling like it's the 80's again, or is it not even a rivalry anymore?
Anyone remember the NFL Huddles Mascots? 
Photo Essay of some interesting Yankee Fans
Is it just me or are the umpires in baseball being complete idiots this year? 
99% of you have seen it before, but in case you're missing your weekly dose of inspiration, here's T-Mac's 13 points in 35 seconds.
Girl DQ'd from High School track race for rolling the waistband on her shorts
Instant replay in MLB, do we need it? What does /r/sports think?
Lakers 102, Celtics 89 - Lakers Put Celtics in a Hole
Nation's Soccer Fan Becoming Insufferable
Doc Rivers hides $2600 in the Staples Center ceiling  for nearly four months without anyone finding out.
Jeff Van Gundy Would Like the NBA to Do Away With Players Fouling Out -- NBA FanHouse
YET ANOTHER proposed NCAA football conference breakdown... WOW
Ron Artest Goes Yakety Sax on the NBA Finals (Game 2) - Hardwood Paroxysm
Lakers vs. Celtics Infograph (Who are you rooting for?)
Lionel Messi is unreal.
hi everyone, i'd like you to meet Chrissy Pronger.
I'm going to watch the World Cup this year and I don't know anything about Soccer (football)
A great picture of Stephen Strasburg from last night's game...
Now that Nebraska has moved from the Big 12 to the Big 10, aren't there two Big 11's?
That was fast.
Hey Flyers Fans...
It's Official: Colorado Buffaloes To the Pac-10!
KU's Lew Perkin's resigning after 2010-2011 season
Celebrate World Cup Day with this video of the best 50 goals in World Cup History
this is what the World Cup horns remind me of
THOU SHALT NOT STEAL!
The constant tuneless drone of complaints about vuvuzelas is killing the World Cup atmosphere
The Evolution of the World Cup Ball 
iPhone drinking game for the football/soccer world cup!
Utah to join Pac-10. Just when I get excited for Boise State joining the MWC! - MWC fan here
Pictures Of Kobe Bryant's Finals Appearances... We'll See What Pictures Pop Up After Tonight
It's time we talked about a spoilers rule.
Mexico wins against France for the first time in a worldcup!!!!!!! 2-0 Just wanted to say that (:
Hey guys, you might want to flick it to NBC. Tiger Woods just made his 7th birdie today and is back in contention
Actual website to watch the Brazil match live?
The Lakers championship parape with be on Monday.
Most hated sports starts of 2010
Luis Fabiano scores best goal so far in World Cup (sure he used his arm a bit, but still...)
New coolface.jpg? [PIC]
How many Mechanical Engineers do you know that look like this?
More annoying than the Vuvuzela.
Cheerleading is not a sport
Hey Reddit, do you think that cheerleading is a sport? The debate is on at a trial in Connecticut where a federal judge is being asked to decide on the issue.
No Irish sympathy as French crash out of World Cup 
It's OK, we already know the outcome...
Lawrence Taylor indicted on rape charges
Soccer officially announces it is gay, OSN breaks story
Epic Wimbledon match in progress! 35-34 in the 5th Set!
If anyone cares about anything but soccer these days ... these guys are setting an all-time record at wimbledon RIGHT NOW. 
Dirty hippies love sports, too
Classy in defeat, unprovoked Algerian soccer star Rafik Saifi slaps female sports reporter immediately after loss to USA
Paul Allen is a fucking moron.  I've always thought he was a terrible businessman, now I think he's also a prick.
Anyone else see the new Avis / Yankees commercial?
Does the guy from Sports Science annoy you too?
Torres doing what Torres does
USA v Ghana into extra time.
#1 pick John Wall, being consoled by his mom after getting drafted by the Wizards. You would also be devastated if it happened to you... 
What will it take for US top level athletes play soccer?
Why LeBron James Will Come to Chicago
Pirates Sign Guy Who Successfully Jogged Across Street
I really don't understand what all the fuss is about. Lampard's ball clearly wasn't behind the line.
Leaked Madden 2011 player ratings
Bosh 'good as gone'
World Cup Goals: The WSJ tracks every goal scored in the 2010 World Cup. Sort by player, country, club team
ESPN's Sports Science brilliantly breaks down why stopping a penalty kick is harder than hitting a baseball. 
Different Uniform, Same Old Doc Halladay | We Got This Covered
Jets interested in ex-Raider Russell?
Jabulani ball is to perfect
In soccer, why doesn't the guy getting the assist get credited?
A-Rod thinks he hits walk-off homer... problem is, it's the 8th inning
Lebron James to make $2 Billion Dollars? That's right - Billion with a 'B'
Who says cheaters don't prosper? 
Spain makes Paraguay its bitch!
Athletes With the American Flag
Avoiding Parole Violations Rule #1: No All-White Parties
Crazy hair don't fail me now. Go Germany!
South Africa: FIFA forbids free speech at World Cup
So, what team will Lebron choose?
I've got LeBron fatigue
Will Lebron spare humanity or crush us with his robot army?
Lebron James bolts to the Miami Heat. Welcome to the next NBA dynasty.
Soooo....it seems that LeBron, Bosh and Wade colluded to join the Heat, effectively shifting the power balance to the players. How does this effect the discussions for theNBA's collective bargaining agreement, which expires next year?
Now that LeBron, Wade, and Bosh are playing for Miami, who's the favorite to win the NBA title next year?
Dan Gilbert's open letter to fans: James' decision a 'cowardly betrayal' and owner promises a title before Heat | cleveland.com
Breaking news: Chris Bosh and Dwyane Wade to miss the 2010-2011 season! 
Cavs Owner Dan Gilbert's response to Lebron leaving Cleveland
Derek Fisher meeting with Heat
LeBron and the 25 Worst Traitors in Sports History
Picture says a thousand words.
ESPN's Jeremy Green (son of Dennis They are who we thought they were Green) arrested for KIDDIE PORN.
What if the Miami Heat was a baseball team? Football? 
Want to know just how far LeBron's reputation has fallen? Well, even Jay Mariotti is calling him a douche bag. That's about as low as it gets.
Did labrons collusion with wade/bosh make it easier 
to quit during the playoffs because winning would 
made it nearly impossible to leave the cavs?
Yankees owner George Steinbrenner has died of a heart attack
George Steinbrenner dead after massive heart attack
George Steinbrenner is dead.
The 7 Types of Guys That Ruin Pick-Up Sports 
Big Z about to sign w/ Miami Heat
Somebody get John Daly a beer!  (Classic British Open Pic)
Cavalier fans want to pay Dan Gilbert's $100,000 fine
The stolen pendant plot thickens
As an Asian American I can't help getting excited about this
Inside look at LeBron’s free-agent coup: Adrian Wojnarowski
Anyone else underwhelmed by the champions in a World Cup where the star was an octopus?
Inside look at LeBron's free-agent coup
Cardinals set the tone for season's 2nd half with 4-game sweep of visiting Dodgers; rest of season will shape legacies of La Russa, Pujols
Jordan shares his disappointment over the Miami three. Says he would have never wanted to join up with Magic or Larry. He wanted to beat them.
My favorite Swedish Twins
Tim Tebow's awful new shoe line
Michael Jordan shares his disappointment of Heat Big Three
Lance Armstrong = Giant Douche? | Gunaxin Sports
NHL Rejects Kovalchuk Deal
Ilya Kovalchuk's 17-year, $102-million deal with the New Jersey Devils has been turned down by the league on the grounds that it circumvents salary-cap rules.
According to a U.S. judge, competitive cheerleading isn't a sport
It is OK, Carl.  You are not the only one.
Jordan returns to Chicago October 5th, restores Bulls to former glory. Just kidding, he's in NBA 2K11.	
Orlando Magic now Paul's top choice
2010 Fantasy Football Sleepers 
It's Official, Tennessee hates Lane Kiffin - Tennessee Titans suing Lane Kiffin, USC 
Matt Garza throws first no-hitter in Tampa Bay Rays history
Brett Favre hints he might still be playing in NFL at 50 years old
Marlins outfielder injures knee while delivering pie to the face of a teammate
Time for rookie hazing to end - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Ryan Howard NL MVP
Over the top Goal Celebration
Don't wear LeBron's Heat jersey in Cleveland, lest you be heckled.
New York Knicks' Amare Stoudemire in Israel to trace Hebrew roots
Best goal celebration
Travis Pastrana Double Back Flip ! 
Heat fire many of their ticket sales staff after season tickets sell out
I know it's not admirable, but I still see it and think, Tyreke Evans is awesome
Who are the top ten basketball, baseball and football players ever?
Created a new Subreddit for San Diego Chargers Fans
Top 10 Ugliest NBA Players
Shaq has made almost $300 million in salary in his NBA career
The Jock’s Guide to Getting Arrested
The hardest recorded crash in NASCAR history (impact @ 44 seconds if you don't want to see the cause).
NFL.com news: Torn pectoral muscle might sit Broncos LB Dumervil for season
Yankees' Rodriguez Youngest To 600 Home Runs and exactly three years to the day after his 500th homer.
Joe Posnanski: What If We Are Wrong Again About Steroids?
Sports Memorabilia
How will Emmitt Smith be celebrating his Hall of Fame Weekend?  With tequila and lots of it
The dumbest argument ever, apparently Don Hutson is better than Jerry Rice.
So true: John Facenda Makes Even Soccer Sound Good
Anybody picking up the new Madden?
Silva v Sonnen recap
25 signs you're a 1980s WWF wrestling fan
What is your favorite baseball hat of all-time? (I'm partial to one not listed here: the Milwaukee Brewers hat that looks like a baseball glove and spells MLB)
Mike Ribeiro has great hands. That is all.
Back-to-back-to-back-to-back home runs for the Diamondbacks
Rex Ryan made an unusual proposal Wednesday, inviting Revis and his agents to camp to meet with the Jets' hierarchy and the entire team - players included.
Report: Chipper Jones has torn ACL, done for season.
Lebron heckled at Ohio park while doing a shoot around
CHOOOOOCH! Phils complete 9-2 comeback off Carlos Ruiz's walk off double.
Girl hit with foul ball dumps boyfriend
The top baseball brawl of all time stars a pitcher who pummels his batter 5 times
NFL Considers Ball-Tracking Chips for Accuracy
With Lebron's departure who will Cleveland turn to.  I mean really, will ANY Cleveland area team break .500 in the next year?
Lance Armstrong Doping History
I'm doing a fantasy football league for the first time this year.  Care to lend me any pointers on how to draft well?
Best thing about football season:  reading TMQ every week
Is the Heat roster the best ever? Stan Van Gundy says YES.
Tom Verducci declares Josh Hamilton to be the new best player in baseball. Problem?
Under the Bleachers with Jeff Manship
Trick shot from carnival ride
C.J. Spiller Looks Ready For The Season (Video)
Why are so many NFL players losing their helmets this preseason?
Deadspin once again proves that when it's not publishing stories about athletes' cocks, it can provide valuable reporting
Wake boarder Jumps Over Boat - Cool video
6 Bold Predictions for the 2010 NFL Season
Best Fantasy Football Website?
Slow motion animation of female tennis stars - beautiful!
Pete Carrol pranks the Seahawks' with the ol' fake snake in the gatorade trick
Edwin Jackson Dominates the Orioles
Anthony, Nuggets look ready to part ways 
Reports: White Sox win waiver claim for Manny Ramirez
I would just like to point out that the NFC South has a ridiculous history: The team that finishes in last place, almost always wins the division the next year. Details inside. 
Maurice Clarett inks 1-year deal with UFL's Omaha team - ESPN
Troy Polamalu's hair insured for $1 million by Head and Shoulders
This is why you NEVER say NEVER.
The 10 second work day
Troy Polamalu's hair insured for $1million.
2nd Round Draft Pick of the New England Patriots, Brandon Spikes, Naked On Chatroulette 
Ask Reddit Sports: Your college football team?
what the fuck is going on with revis
The 9 Greatest College Stadiums for Tailgating - CollegeHumor
I suck at football, fathered a child out of wedlock, and basically am a gigantic tool...who am I? [image]
Floyd Mayweather's Racist Rant Caught On Tape (VIDEO) 
Troy Polamalu's hair insured for $1 million
Is it me, or is Michigan  looking good so far this season.
Matt Leinart should look into a modelling career because he sucks at football
A short time ago, in a land not so far away, Ole Miss faced the tall task of selecting a new on-field mascot.
US Open Spectators Fight – Now this is real entertainment
Kentucky basketball is f*cked as we know it!
My Dad is running 56 miles on his 56th birthday for 
charity. Help his charity and him out, Redditors. 
I tried to like baseball, but there is nothing that makes that sport exciting to watch... nothing.
TIL: How The Yellow First Down Line In Football Games Works
Police: Swastika painted on mural of Sacramento Kings' Omri Casspi 
Saints beat the Vikings 26-20 to open the NFL Season!
Fuck you Joe Torre.
Vikings looked bad and Favre is overrated! Is it possible that the Vikings will miss the playoffs?
NCAA or NFL, and why?
Word. Period.
I see your Manning face, and I raise you a Favre face.
Miami's homeless are cool with receiving Cleveland's LeBron jerseys -- the unburned ones, that is -- but homeless advocacy groups are holding up the process.
Maybe Rex Ryan will shut up now
Guess who has more Quality Starts than Cliff Lee, Clay Buchholtz, or Johnny Cueto?
Why do the Broncos always have such bad luck with running backs?
Thank you for the insightful tip, CBS Survivor Pool tip editor.
Pat Burns loses his battle with cancer at age 58
Michigan State Football Coach Mark Dantonio Ok After Heart Attack After Notre Dame Game
rolando mcclain body slams wr
Need A Job? The New York Mets Are Hiring! 
The most athletic move in the history of American Gladiators. 
College football is all about politics. And this is a loophole in the system.
Alabama, Penn St, Texas... all down at the half.  I love Saturdays.
This is what UMD's mascot should be.
Please NFL don't take away concussions, that'd be like taking crashes away from Nascar!
Chicago Fire Supporters Section mocks the Seattle fans with Super Mario Brothers
Interview with Ken Burns and Lynn Novick about their film, The Tenth Inning.
I totally called the score of the Bears-Packers game (PIC)
Reggie Wayne's helmet is stuck under the bleachers, but he manages to get it unstuck.
Do any of you other sports fans find this prick to be the Bill O'Reilly of ESPN?
The weirdest superstitions from NHL Players! 
Mike'd Up! He's ready to go! On the FAN! New York Sports Radio! Mike'd Up! Mike'd Up! He'll get you the sports any way that he can! He's Mike Francesa on the FAN! Sports Radio 66! WFAN!
Karlos Dansby Peach Bowl amazing pick, legal or not.
Jaz Reynolds (the infamous OU football twitterer) really should have consulted Oklahoma's Master Troll before hitting submit. 
Hey /r/sports!  Has there ever been an MLB game where a team scored at least one run in every inning?  (At least a nine inning game?)
Best Interception I've ever seen.
Camaraderie [cross post from pics] 
Dear Phillies.  Thank you, a Padres fan.
CBS has to have the worst commentators ever. They are constantly correcting themselves and have a terrible sense of humor.
Denard Robinson's amazing 200-200 pass/rush yesterday, with appropriate music. (Ready, down, HUT HUT HUT HUT HUT HUT)
Tamed.
What's worse? Shooting the ball in your own basket or what the Buffalo Bills did here?
Bruce Gradkowski should of slid... both times.
High School football team (Chaminade, Mineola, NY) that is 0-4 on the season is ranked higher than team (Potsdam, NY) that is 5-0 on the season.  
Brent Musburger speaks out in defense of steroids
I knew Lincecum was good... but damn...
Ron Washington tested positive for cocaine, but Evan Longoria complained about the fans. Nolan Ryan is awesome, but so is Joe Maddon. Should the moral sports fan be rooting for the Rangers or the Rays?
October 8, 1956 - Don Larsen pitches a Perfect Game 
As a Michigan fan, I'm looking forward to a good game vs. Michigan State tomorrow.  And I love how Sparty gets clowned in this video.  That is all.
Sports blooper of the football season
The NFL's Tiger Woods? Report: Brett Favre tried same seduction technique on masseuse.
Seriously, whats up with the NFL this year?
Virginia Tech player postponed the reattachment of a torn-off tip of his left pinkie to keep playing in the game.
I hate the Raiders
What do you guys think about a salary cap in the MLB? 
A transgender woman was denied entry into the LPGA. Now she's suing. Does she have a case?
American Redditors, What's your view on Soccer?
I wonder if Deanna was on the other end of this pass.
Brett Favre Karma Shot as called by John Madden [video]
The best Favre footage you'll see all day
Does anyone have any good LeBron James jokes?
The Yankees' monopoly in baseball The New York Yankees are set to play in the AL Championship Series, chasing their 28th title in a century. Other teams in the league have never even reached the World Series. Why such a monopoly? 
This is potentially earth-shattering news for the NFL: a simple blood test has been discovered that identifies brain trauma
Michael Jordan says he would have scored 100 points in today's NBA
An interesting opinion on what the Yankees should have done with their ALCS rotation. Agree/disagree?
If the Yankees don't come back, I'll take solace in the fact that Cliff Lee will be pitching in the Bronx next year. 
Yankee fans.  So full of douche.  [gif]
In case you were wondering: Yes, Yankees fans are staying classy.
Who knew NFL punters were this nuts?
/R/SPORTS. The time has come. Rank the order in which you enjoy watching/following each sport.
Anyone ever do some betting system like this? What secrets do they actually have?
LeBron James tells angry Cavaliers fans to 'get over it'
The Brett Favre texts were actually meant for Deanna...
8-0
Go Badgers!
LOL @ SD
Congrats Mexicans ~ First ever Mexican Heavyweight Champion in fighting history
Deangelo Hall snatches 4 interceptions. Check out that 2nd one - just nasty.
October 25, 1986 - It gets through Buckner
In the NFL, does coach salary count against salary cap?
The most glorious play in (American) football - the fat guy touchdown
I can't wait for the NBA season to start. I am a huge Celtics fan. Have this picture.
Cam Newton Stars in Unstoppable
Paul The Octopus Couldn't Predict His Own Death
Attempt To Delay Ejaculation By Thinking About Baseball Ruined By. . .
To all yankee Fans.. 
Lebron's New Nike Commercial
The Miami Heat are the worst team in the NBA. They are winless losing by an average of 8 points per game.
Does anyone else besides me absolutely, completely, and utterly loathe the Los Angeles Lakers? (and their fans)
Lake show opens the season with a 'W'!
Brian Wilson's sexy beard and why he is a giant vagina face when standing next to Lou Gehrig, a real man of baseball.
I know where any Laker fans in Miami will be getting their drinks Christmas day..
Hey /r/Sports, I just wanted to remind you that MLS (Major League Soccer -- Pro soccer in USA and Canada) playoffs are starting and we'd love to have more people over at /r/MLS! Join us, it's gonna be an awesome playoffs!
Who else finds it weird the New York Jets and New York Giants play in New Jersey and now the New Jersey Nets are moving to Brooklyn?
Wow...the Rangers have made this world series boring with their pathetic display. Horribly embarrassing for Texas I'd think.
Seriously FSU!  You had the game won!
Jay Cutler the new Jeff George?
Bosh now rivalling James as least media savy heat player - Chris Bosh now says- It wasn't about money, it wasn't about being famous, it wasn't about any of those things.
The oldest team in the NBA had 400 unsold seats for their season home opener - Guess who?
Hey Mike Winters - what the fuck is up with the strike zone tonight?!?!
Moss released from the Vikings?
NFL.com reports that Randy Moss has just been cut from the Minnesota Vikings.
Yankees Don't Win the World Series!!!
Giants Win! First World Series title for Giants since 1954, and first ever in California
“It was brutal. The truth is, he deserved to be cut after that. It was such an uncomfortable moment.
Andy Irons, Surfing Great, found dead in Hotel room at 32.
Bad Ass.
Let’s just say you don’t see too many kickoffs go -12 yards.
Am I the Only One Who Loves the New Sports Science Segments on Sports Center?
Really? For a cut?
The Most Monumental Defeat in the History Women's Soccer
Joseph Vincent Paterno gets his 400th win!
Sportscentre Top 10 Stunts Gone Wrong
Best Alabama Football Paul Bear Bryant halftime interview
 1979 Sugar Bowl- The Whole Goal Line Stand
Jimmy Clausen looks a little too desperate to score
Wes Welker attempts PAT... and makes it!
That has to be some sort of record...
Being a recent college grad, and with college basketball starting today, I just realized something incredibly depressing...
Dallas Cowboys coach Wade Phillips seen at team's facility (aka Not Fired)
Is anybody as excited as I am about this?
Sources: Cam and Cecil Newton talked of pay-to-play plan with recruiters - ESPN
Man wants restraining order against Barack Obama, Tim Tebow, and Jesus.  Interesting combo to say the least...
Who gave the Dakotas a vote?
NBA Awaits Satnam From India, 7 fee tall....at 14 
Please hire this man (Wally Backman) as the new Mets manager (Language NSFW). 
/r/Sports is basically just a giant episode of Around the Horn isn't it? 
ESPN remains committed to the idea that the Heat might win 72 games this season
The 'Salary Cap' (comic)
DAE really enjoy the lack of graphics on Fox Football right now?
DAE think its wierd that every team in the AFC North lost?
ESPN has just been careless with this story
Kobe is still the man!
LeBron is Nominated for....  'Time's Person of the Year'.  Seriously.
Territorial players, you know how they are
The 50 Greatest Trick Plays in Football History
Eva Longoria files for divorce from Tony Parker
I may be the only one that thinks this...
Tony Parker cheated with this woman + Eva Pics [nsfw-ish]
NFL Boss on Vick: I'm proud of him. (Me to NFL Boss: Fuck off.)
Can we just start calling this The BCSBS?
Pac-10, want to be taken seriously by the rest of the nation? You can start by stopping allowing your officials to work games featuring their alma mater.
OK Seriously... someone tell fucking Joe Thiesman and Matt Millon that they CAN'T call a football game. Absolutely horrible. Shut the fuck up already!
Indians outfielder Shin-Soo Choo is playing in a baseball game. If he wins, he doesn't have to join the military.
NFL's Great White Hope?
Chick OWNS Arcade-Style Basketball Game.  WOW!!
This Pic Goes Out to the Nebraska Fans Wishing AIDS &amp; Death on A&amp;M Players For Beating The Huskers....
I can't wait till Monday
Some history on the fiercest rivalry in college athletics: Kansas vs. Missouri
Half Court Shot Prank .. never gets old
My girlfriend always watches this shows but does not know who Sam Cassell, so the resemblance is clearly lost on her
Is Shaquille O'Neal aka Shaq now a threat now that he is a Muslim? You judge!
Now that's an interception!
Bill Maher (circa 2000) talking about athletes never blaming God for their mistakes...finally found one in 2010 with Stevie Johnson
Lebron James Traded? / Rumors swirling of blockbuster deal to ship King James to City of Angels just prior to All Star Game weekend.




With Oregon playing Oregon State and Auburn playing South Carolina and TCU on the outside looking in for a spot in the national championship, I guess you could say the Horned Frogs are the biggest Beavers and Cocks fans in the nation.
Fake baseball cards imagine Jeter in every team's uniform
TIME magazine asked 5 veteran NFL photographers to choose their favorite photos. This is the collection. 
LeBron throws coach Erik Spoelstra through a barber shop window
Lawyers, guns and money and Shari’a Law and air conditioning the desert: how the hell did the US lose World Cup 2022 to Qatar?!
Andre Johnson, miked up during the Texans vs. Titans game.
LeBron James gets booed In his return to Cleveland
Mo Williams and the cold shoulder.
RIP Ron Santo. A cubbie legend.
Daniel Gibson on LeBron James: There was nothing friendly about the conversation we had.
14 College Football Truths
Pittsburgh Penguins/Sidney Crosby 
CFB TV revenue by conference.  The Big Ten with it's hugely successful Big Ten Network is raking in the $$$.
Looks like athde.net is dead, any other places to watch live sports online?
World Cup 2018 win raises Russian racism fears | The Guardian
Top 25 players of all-time in each of the big 4?
Here's some more great in depth reporting we have come to know and love from ESPN.
DAE think of an NFL loss (or a win) in BCS terms?
DAE hate that espn now posts videos that have nothing to do with the article?
Josh McDaniels Fired
Why sane people never go to NFL games
Was the WWE's Undertaker taunting Brock Lesnar at a UFC a sign of the MMA club's new marketing direction? 
Still want that snack, Rex? How about some humble pie?
Shaq's high school highlight reel
Iowa's All Time Leader in Receiving Yards and Receptions arrested and charged with possession of Cocaine, Marijuana, Xanax and for keeping a drug house,. 
Is public financing of sports stadiums a good idea?
If there's an NBA fan out there who's also a color palette enthusiast, John Wall and Reebok have sneaker design contest for you, my friend

Blake Griffin Needs to Respect His Elders!
Can LeBron James Learn From Karl Malone? 
BCS Commissioners Insist They've Already Conceded Too Much To Small Schools
Say Shaq isn't paradise one more time. I double-dog dare you.
James Naismith’s 13 original rules of basketball
I know the World Cup has been over for some time, but I wanted to share a photo I took of fans watching the U.S. play England to a 1-1 draw in Siwa, an oasis in Western Egypt. 
Metrodome Roof Collapsing
They Don't Know How To Build Roofs In Minnesota [VIDEO]
Apparently now Urban Meyer is retiring due to health related concerns. 
This man is the FUTURE of Cleveland Browns
The guy just keeps getting classier: Clipper's owner Donald Sterling heckles his own player Baron Davis during games!
Now that's a block - Javier Arenas get's laid out on a punt return.
NFL Average Salaries Top $3 Million - Well, you know, this recession has been hard on everybody.
There's a reason Cliff Lee took a pay cut to play on a team with three aces in a league with no DH. And that reason is an infectious smile.
I think I am misquoting Teddy Roosevelt 
High school basketball player body slams ref during game
 Bill Simmons Is Not The Cosmos (The Book Of Basketball Reviewed which Bill Simmons took umbrage to)
Man vs. Beast
LOL =&gt; Michael Vick: 'I would love to get another dog in the future'
Ref Gets Tossed by Desoto player
Chicago Bears may file a protest against playing Monday Night Football outdoors
Colt McCoy named Browns quarterback for rest of season
Average MLB Salary Tops $3M: Overpaid? Debate on.
Baseball has lost a great one: Remembering Bob Feller
Joe Blanton got traded to Dunkin Donuts for a large coffee &amp; a boston creme donut.
19 years ago today, the Cavaliers beat the Heat by 68 points. Take that LeBron!
Mike Trollahan &amp; Donovan McTrolled (by me!)
Michael Vick wants to own a dog
FIFA President says gay fans 'should refrain' during Qatar World Cup. Is FIFA really this stupid?
Explain to me why Missouri has two NFL teams. They have a population of about 5 million, no other state that has less than 13 million has two NFL teams.
Tim Tebow - 40 yard TD run in his first start
Eagles Stun Giants on Game’s Final Play - NYTimes.com
The NFL exec's are full of s***
Does anyone else miss this guy?
Early Christmas Present? A brawl breaks out during Lingerie Football League game, making it finally worth watching.
Best photoshop of Favre from the Bears game last night.
Tom Coughlin, is, as always, a dick
Tommy John wants Cliff Lee surgery
If Geno Auriemma wants to be considered the greatest coach ever, he has to coach men's basketball. There are like 4 good teams in women's NCAA hoops!
MMA Super Kick 
McNabb to ask Redskins for release
This just in, Tom Brady is really good at football.  He just set the record for most consecutive passes without an interception.
Peyton Manning had a 27-yard run against the Raiders today. No, you aren't hallucinating.
Manning is one of the all time greats, but this another reason why Brady is better. Competitiveness. 
Purdue Will Make More Money For Going 4-8 Than It Did Going To The Rose Bowl
The scorched earth of an NFL-less life
Ron Artest raffled off his ring, raised more than $500k - Ball Don't Lie - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
Hey guys, I know this was only from last summer, but I had forgotten about it and it was awesome.
Michael Vick's sensational comeback season made a big impression throughout the NFL, not just in Philadelphia.
Notorious Soccer Prankster Nabbed After Facebook Update
Possibly the best football goal celebration EVER?
Three ways baseball should be more like European football (soccer)
Washington upsets #18 Nebraska as Jake Locker finishes out his college career
Let's go Florida State
With a huge day of bowl games ahead dont forget about /r/CFB
The Top 50 Coaching Jobs in College Football
Finally Oklahoma....
lol, Ohio. You never stop providing me with entertaining sports fails.
Brett Favre says he's retiring.... for now
Only in Qatar!
The folks at USC must be pleased to know Carroll and Reggie Bush are bowl-eligible.
Most people don't follow or even care about Division II sports, but a legendary coach retired last week from Northwest Missouri State without much recognition or fanfare. Here is to Mel Tjeerdsma. (pronounced church-ma)
Two team massage therapists have sued Favre and the Jets for sexual harassment. The women claim he propositioned them via text message (for a threesome), and weren't re-hired by the Jets after they complained.
LeBron James' birthday cake is pretty much what you'd expect [pic]
PowerBalance Admits Their Athletic Strength Bracelets Don't Actually Do Anything
Michigan unemployment up by 1: RichRod done as Wolverine coach
DAE find that after they go for a long run...
Funny NFC Predictions Article
BREAKING: RichFraud fired at Michigan...officially official
God this guy creeps me out
Not only can Auburn and Oregon outplay you, they can outPAY you
Let's see what you got, /r/sports...
New York Jets' Mark Sanchez choked up by death of young fan
looks like he caught the taste
Blake Griffin in slam dunk contest!! WHOO HOO!!! 

Paralyzed Rutgers DT Eric LeGrand has sensation throughout body 
Which QB Is Most Marketable?
Chicago Cubs Will Sign Pitcher Matt Garza
Puck splits in half!
Is this game the biggest upset in NFL playoff history?
7-9, so what? Seahawks are 1-0 now!
Best NFL Team of All Time
Good game, kid!
Marshawn Lynch Rage Run
Columbus get TCU little sisters billboards
J!e!t!s! Jets jets jets
DAE sometimes forget that the NHL has West 
Coast teams?
Comparing a large beer to a small beer at Qwest Field in Seattle. Interesting findings!!
Well.. I guess we know who this dog is rooting for in the BCS National Championship Game.
The Facts And Statics Of The Childhood Obesity Epidemic
Boom goes the Dynamite! Little man with the big hit....
To all you duck fans! (honestly dont care about sports... )
Does anyone else wonder if the big powers in gambling secretly arranged for a less than stellar turf so they could make a killing by taking the under in the BCS Championship game?
I'm not a huge College Football fan, but I have to say, this is the sickest helmet (and uniform) I've ever seen! Anyone else agree?
Most bad ass uniform ever?
As an Oregon fan, that run by Dyer instantly reminded me of this run from the '02 Fiesta Bowl
Rams coach Steve Spagnuolo sounds like a real dick.
The Onion: James, Wade, Bosh Unveil New Rules For Basketball [video]
No.1 Duke lost to an unranked Florida State for the third time in 9 years. All three times Duke was No. 1 and unranked FSU was the home team
Alaska arguing for the sake of argument..
You can't say a bad word about Tom Brady without killing a baby angel: honest picks for the Divisional Playoffs.
Mythbuster: Did '07 Giants really go all-out in finale vs. unbeaten Pats?
I Wanna Fight Brian Wilson, uhh not me but this guy does (x-post from r/baseball)
Something Philly fans would never do.
DAE think the Divisional Round of the NFL playoffs is the best weekend of football all year?
Baltimore Ravens Crazy Touchdown vs. Steelers. And these are professionals?
One hell of a playoff season in the NFL...
Can't get your wife to watch football? Try this! She still won't.
How about that lap dance during halftime?
This Celtics/Magic game has been one of the best I've watched all season. Feels like playoff basketball.
Bears/Packers NFC Championship Game Sold Out in Under One Minute
ESPN and University of Texas sign 20 year deal to create Longhorn Network tv station
Great Atmosphere At The End Of The Syracuse-Pitt Game
He was a 19 year old NFL first round pick.
Metrodome roof could take 5-6 months to repair
Is the world of ballet as brutal as Black Swan portrays it?
Interesting analysis of 1st Down success in winning games [American Football].  
I'm trying to buy a ticket online to the AFC championship. How can I avoid getting a fake?
Some guy built a lego scale model of The Horseshoe.  Very Impressive
Brett Favre - Rise | Sports.Break.com - NSFW
Stafon Johnson, the former USC running back who nearly died because of a freak accident while bench pressing, is suing the university. What do you think?
What's your prediction on the two conference championship games? 
Unemployed Detroit Auto Worker #1 Seed for $1 Million Dollar PBA Tournament of Champions - Live on ABC at 2:30pm ET Saturday
The Worst Political Blog: President Obama Says He's Rooting For the Jets (Bet The House On The Steelers)
Braylon Edwards Confident He Could Fly If He Tried Hard Enough
Adult Swim Video:  Carl's Lock: Green Bay Packers vs. Chicago Bears Playoffs
Does anyone else have this same problem with Fox?
Nice move, Bammers.
Ben getting a taste of his own medicine.
Wait a minute, ESPN...
It is unfair to Jeff George to compare him to Jay Cutler
TIL; The football huddle was started at a deaf university, so opposing players couldn't see their sign language. 
Mark Sanchez boogers own teammate on national TV!
Jets Punter wears profoundly awful taste in music proudly

Ochocinco to change his name back to Johnson. 
Ronaldinho can score from behind the goal now 
What makes a legitimate sports fan?
JR Clowns around with sideline reporter
The 10 Craziest Moments in Super Bowl History
Gilbert Arenas - In his private life, Gilbert Arenas is surrounded by controversy. He was involved in a scandal for storing an unloaded fire arm in his locker
Man, I just never thought that his tampon would fall out on national TV.
Reddit, how do you feel about Michael Jordan picking Kobe Bryant over Lebron James?
Yes ESPN, I'm sure that's the only place you could have fit that logo
Keith Law's Top 50 MLB Prospects
Really NBA.com? This is news?
 2011 NHL All Star Draft Rosters picked. Toews, Kane, Byfuglien, and Keith  together again.
Dear college athletes: we will damage your bodies beyond repair but you don't deserve any financial compensation. Signed, Iowa Hawkeyes
I've always thought Kevin Garnett is a bitch, this just proves why
Vikings wide receiver Bernard Berrian alleges in a lawsuit that a California couple who found his lost BlackBerry threatened to sell it to the highest bidder unless he gave them $30,000.
Former Dallas Cowboy Herschel Walker improves MMA record to 2-0
Can someone explain what exactly is going on in the lockout? 
Wait a second...The NFL Defensive POY is 5'10'' and 207lbs? Did anyone else think Troy Polamalu was closer to 6'2'' 225?
Urban Meyer to join ESPN as analyst.  I thought he retired to be with his family?
I just discovered /r/dodgeball, a community in need of redditors. Anyone here interested?
DeAndre Jordan puts on a dunk clinic
DAE think the Lakers will still win it all this year despite not having the most talented roster or the best superstar?
Steelers Terrible Towel powered by Twitter.
Tweet #steelersnation and watch it spin!
Wait a second... shouldn't the defensive player of the year look a little something like this?
AP Poll: Lukewarm support for 18-game NFL season, only 27% support it.
Sports talk, and how to fake it — The Good Men Project Magazine
Trying to find link of beastly high school football player that was on reddit in the last 30-60 days.
Who do you have winning for the Super Bowl?
The 11 Hottest Female Athletes You Should Be Watching
Dog of a Super Bowl in ICE covered Arlington?
Musta been a hell of a finish.. 
Most epic day of Premier League action ever - a summary
McGrady is slowly putting together his comeback season with Detroit. 
Formula 1 driver Robert Kubica injured in rally crash
The CAVS just suck...
The Superbowl, a Canadian tradition?
Players should be penalized for celebrating the most minuscule plays (aka routine tackles)...
How Jerry Jones' Super Bowl went from being the biggest ever to the biggest fuck up ever. 
To force or not to force?
How the hell do you treat shin splints?
You may have won last night, Jayhawks, but let's not forget that Missouri still holds the most impressive victory in our little feud and they did it in Lawrence.  Mizzou 180+, Kansas 1.
The Top Five Stadiums in MLB
So, my Dad was unaware of the Onion's new sports show on Comedy Central....
ESPN.com is offering a free trial to ESPN Insider until March 12, 2011
Cleveland's current losing streak is worse than all other current losing streaks in the NBA, combined.    
Ray Allen has officially passed Reggie Miller for most Three Point Filed Goals made all time.
Ray Allen passes Reggie Miller
Most expensive game in History takes place this weekend-$850,000,000
Fedor Emelianenko just lost his second fight in a row and may retire..
Rugby fans: give me a primer for the sport.
Hey KU
The Rock is back in the WWE and all is now right in the world!
2011 NBA Player Watchability Rankings
(Xpost) Anyone interested in a March Madness basketball bracket?
Fuck Wilt's 100 point game. This is the greatest basketball game ever played. (SFW)
The Economics of Blake Griffin
Can we tone down on the haterade of athletes and instead celebrate how much fun they are to watch?
The LA Laker lose the Cavs - Is this a championship caliber team?
Iowa Wreslter Defaults Rather than Face Girl.
Blake Griffin should not jump so high...
Breaking gender barriers! Sort of..
Europeans, why do you find American sports so boring to watch? 
Reggie Miller got left off the NBA Hall of Fame's list
UNC Ashville Goalie puts in his bid for most impressive trick video by a college athlete.
Justin Bieber is tearing it up in the celebrity game
 Let's take a little trip down memory lane. Here's ten meaningfully, historical, awesome performances from the NBA All-Star dunk contest.
r/Sports: A friend of mine launched this new sports news aggregation and ranking site. Do you have any suggestions for him?
Ignorance and Elitism/ Why Americans don't understand and HATE soccer.
If you want to watch the Cricket World Cup free online I found this blog with free viewing from an Indian TV station
Daytona 500 Open Thread
Good thing there is so much defense in the NBA All Star game.
2011 yankees could be the fattest baseball team of all time
SAY, GO NEW YORK GO NEW YORK GO!
16 year-old shows that he's a great shot at his high school basketball game. Too bad hes not shooting a ball...
This shot reminded me why Federer has won 16 singles grand slam titles, more than any other player.
Sources: Knicks Get Carmelo
Completely let down by blake griffins dunk
Caltech basketball team snaps the longest losing streak in the U.S. at 310 games. Go Beavers!
Cardinals' pitcher Adam Wainwright has 'significant' elbow injury. 
Here's What The Dunk Contest Looks Like Without The Dumb Props.  Raptors guard DeMar DeRozan says he is done competing in any prop dunk contest
Caltech Basketball wins first conference victory win since 1985
How the NBA is fast approaching the EPL in terms of superstar talents making their way to a handful of teams a la ManU, Arsenal, Chelsea
To all those dissing what the NBA has become, I have one question:
Fernando Torres as I remember him. It's still weird to see him in a blue shirt.
Clippers' Baron Davis traded to Cavs for Mo Williams
Women's National Soccer Team Does Some Trick Shots of Their Own
Stage is set for Europe to rebel against FIFA!!!
Manchester United vs Wigan Athletic

K-State knocks off Missouri: 80-70
White boy banging on fools
The first thing I ever loved in my life was a pigeon. -- Mike Tyson, who will be starring in an Animal Planet show about racing pigeons
3 Men vs 15 Lions
Evidence that we need an r/WTFSports: A picture of Charlie Sheen hugging Shaq while holding the Cy Young Award.
he looks like KFC﻿ was closed
From worse to debacle: Mets desperately seeking second loan
Sca-la-breeee-nee!!!!!
Not a Duke fan or anything but i really wish this guy hadn't crashed his bike. 
I blame all you ATDHE users for me not being able to stream my hockey game
Crime and College Football
BYU player dismissed for purportedly having sex with his girlfriend
Ireland Beat England in Cricket World Cup yesterday. This is the equivalent of Canada beating America in gridiron or a country like Israel winning the Fifa World Cup
Northug is a master troller
TIL there is a World Cup of American Football every four years - 2011 edition starts July 8!
Michael Vick's Super Bowl party has its own movie trailer
Say it ain’t so: J.D. Drew may be done after 2011 season
This is what's up in the Eastern Conference
What an epic shot.
About that...
The World Wide Leader in Hypocrisy
Long Time HS Basketball Coach Goes out in Style
Holiday, or Carpenter?
Player sent off for taking out Streaker!
I love how everyone copies this celebration now.
A chart to help decide what baseball team to root for.....or a chart to make fun of your friends who have no souls.
After months and months of demonstrating that he's a superstar: What should be Blake Griffin's nickname?
The All-Steroids Team
The latest in amazing dunks from a 5'10 white kid. Almost all of these are better than what we saw in this year's NBA dunk contest.
Latest scandal proves Jim Tressel's image is far from reality

Why the NBA's suspension policy doesn't make sense, from our crappy new Knicks blog.
Video: Princeton hits buzzer beater, beats Harvard for Ivy League title/NCAA berth. Great stuff.
For the NFL — the ultimate sacrifice.
S! D! S! U! SDSU AZTECS FIGHT!!!
Kemba Walker = BEAST (130 points in 5 BET games, 46 more than previous record, leading UCONN to the championship)
Opulence
Gus Johnson Isn’t Calling the Final Four: Here Is the Proof of Why He Should Get Every Announcing Gig
Thrilling Zip Lining Experiences Around The World
Blindfold Bracket
It's always the articles I'm most interested in too... 
fridayyyyyyyyy 
Braves minor league manager Luis Salazar, who was hit in the face by a line drive last week, has had his left eye removed.
Please support these folks in trying to get a message to Adrian Peterson
Did dwight howard on PTI look like a monstar
Kobe Bryant interview in Italian
its shit like this, espn
March Madness at Work?? Fuck here comes the boss...
Serie A, 30^ giornata le probabili formazioni
It's must be sad for the NFL cheerleaders without a job. So, we were thinking of creating a list and we are proud to present your NFL cheerleaders as plumbers [NSFW].
March Madness gives us some great games every 
year, and I always think there is no way anything 
can top the year before. Then I watched Pitt-Butler.
Andrew Bynum suspended 2 games
I don't get all the high-fiving after every free throw attempt in basketball....
Derrick Williams proves once again he is the most clutch player in the NCAA.  I hope against hope he stays but bet he's a guaranteed top 3 pick next year.
Thanks Charles Barkley!!!  Not one of the top eight teams in the big east are in the Sweet Sixteen. Overrated much?
Hockey fans, this here is your coffee / lunch break
Scariest fucking part of the tournament
I believe Tennessee made a mistake.
The Harvard College Sports Analysis Collective compiles the box score to the basketball game in Space Jam
Calciomercato Napoli, le ultime su Gargano e e Borja Valero
WOW! Best 800m race ever? This is a ridiculous two-man fight.
Lawrence Taylor: I Didn't Pick Underage Prostitute Up On a 'Playground,' it was a Chuck-e-Cheese
Derrick Rose Made This Young Hawks Fan Cry
Lawrence Taylor on girl, 16: 'I don't card them'
Jalen Rose is way more awesome than Grant Hill
Blake Griffin owned by JaVale McGee
Ozzie Guillen reads the Great Gatsby
Scumbag Sean Miller discusses victory over Duke.
Top 10 Hardest Sports (though I disagree with some of the list)
Reggie Miller needs to STFU
March Madness is fucking awesome
Their coach still gets carded, their players actually go to class, and Butler makes the Final Four twice in two years.  Who'dathunk?  
The best 15 second pick-me-up there is.
As a Kansas fan, this is how I feel almost every tourney
She had VCU and Butler in the Final Four.
Proof that with hard work, you can do anything you want.
Two years in a row
BBC Sport - Football - England players react to victory over Wales
Miami Heat's Big Three equal 50 year old record... and still let Houston score 119.
Has LeBron's game changed? 
Fiesta Bowl CEO ousted amidst political contribution scandal
MLB creates 7-day DL for concussions. 
When soccer meets kung-fu...
How I feel about opening day
Happy Birthday Gordie Howe
Selig says MLB wants to ban smokeless tobacco ... why is this even an issue?
An intriguing proposition on how to improve college sports: Give incoming freshman athletes a choice: A scholarship or an NCAA-mandated annual salary, say $40,000, and treat the latter honestly and openly as minor leaguers who are just rolling through and majoring in going pro.
Five years after they leave the league, 60 percent of NBA players have nothing left. In the NFL, it’s closer to 80 percent after just two years. 
When this happens
What sports records do you NEVER want to see broken?
Butler Bulldogs continue to be doubted and disrespected by “pompous” and “foolish” East Coast media
India Wins 2011 Cricket World Cup [pics]
10 year old gives Perry his only Super Bowl ring back.
Jack wilson awesome dragging toe double play (gif)
The 100 Most Desirable Women in Sports
Unbelievable base jumping off Norway mountains
Is this a typo or am I missing some sort of pun? 
5 of the Most Memorable Uppercuts in History
Moments like this are why you should be watching Rangers games:
The fact that baseball doesn't have reply should be an outrage to every single fan.
VCU
Watching what I thought was women's basketball, TIL what Netball is
Roethlisberger to get married in July (WTF)
Steve Nash's Ex-wife's “Baby Daddy” Is Allegedly Jason Richardson
Michigan beats North Dakota 2-0, set to face Minnesota-Duluth in the National Championship
Manny Ramirez: Retired Because Of A Failed Drug Test
Manny being Manny being retired.
This is how I feel watching the Rays every day. 
Tiger back on the prowl in more way than one?
The Madhouse on Madison 
Back flip while kicking penalty shot
Bulls will struggle with Pacers in round one of the NBA playoffs
Charl Schwartzel gets his first career PGA win at The Masters
Dustin Pedroia: Laser Show.
Thoughts on this game?? I think it looks like a blast.
Show Me Your Pom-Poms: The 40 Finest Cheerleaders From the Bring It On Franchise.
Looks like Manny Ramirez has a great career ahead of him!
One things a given, even with a lockout there will not be any downturn in NFL dumbasses getting in trouble.  Kenny Britt, breaking da law...
LeBron's Mother -- The Valet Slap Footage
What your favorite NHL team says about you...
Bench Clearing Hoops Brawl in Iceland? Seriously? Iceland?
Blog: At this point in my life, I'm tired of Bonds. His career is nothing but an act to me.
Kobe Bryant caught kissing a man in a West Hollywood restaurant
Tim Lincecum is a good guy
DAE think that Manny Ramirez getting caught with PEDs is a really big deal?
Redditors, who do you have?  Bulls or Pacers?  Are you going with Danny Granger or DRose?
Kevin Na ends up with a 16 on a par-4. (Article with video)
Not sure that's the picture you want google news
Y U No
A Houston Oilers football helmet signed by all of the original players went for $2 million dollars at a charity auction last night.

Why Norm MacDonald is perfect for Sports Show vol. Keeping it real at the ESPY's [1998]
The SCUM of Manchester finally rejoices. It's about time those 500 million euros did something for these poor souls.
Over 50,000 break 'human wave' record in Thailand
It's a nice day, I think I'll go for a bike ride...
This Fucking Guy Right Here
Hmm...the OKC Thunder fans just blue themselves.
Why the hell does ESPN have to have their stupid strike zone graphic on DURING the game?
Say goodbye to the defending Stanley Cup champions, barring a collapse of Bruin proportions.
Only the Bulls
Dear David Stern, you are heartless. Sacramento Kings fans will soon know what us Seattle SuperSonics fans went through. The wrath of Clay Bennett.
Best race finish ever? .002 seconds between first and second. 8 within 1 second. (Fun beings 1:30 into video)
Portland Timbers Sing the National Anthem with Passion. This is how you do it.
Reds Mike Leake arrested for shoplifing $60 in t shirts
Madden Curse?
Perils of being a bench warmer for the LA Lakers.
IT'S FINALLY HAPPENING! The Lions are going to be hosting Monday Night Football on October 10th against the Bears!
Cody Ross and Brian Wilson's beard invade a music video
Unicycles+Football= a new sport that originated in Texas and we just had our 6th Stupor Bowl. I've tried other subreddits in the past, hopefully this one will appreciate the talent this involves.[multiple pics]
Is Your College Football Coach Cheating? A complicated flow chart...
The NFC West goes up against the AFC North and NFC East this year.  Assuming there's a season, could this be the first time we see a 6-10 playoff team?!?!?
Perkins Is A Nice Guy
Quite possibly the coolest new idea in sports: a site that tells you how exciting every game on TV is.
Even Kellen Winslow thinks Jim Tressel is a soldier.
TIL Jason Kidd is half black
12 year-old's QB trickshot video. 
Mind = blown. Professional sports are socialistic. They have the draft (losing teams get first picks for the new players - what kind of system rewards the worst teams and penalizes the winners?). They have salary caps intended to level the playing field among teams. It's all about equal opportunity.
I'm not even sure MJ ever did something like this... Brandon Roy scores 18 of his 24 points in the 4th quarter, leading an EPIC 23 point comeback vs Dallas to tie the series 2-2. 
Lebron! Y U NO WIN US GAME?!
Predators beat Ducks 4-2 in game 6 to win the first playoff series in Franchise history
Chris Paul just dropped 27-13-15 on 50% shooting. If you're not watching this series, time to start.
Softball Legend Jennie Finch Talks About Striking Out Albert Pujols and Mike Piazza
Brandon Roy, from zero to hero.
We're all raised to believe in the value of intangibles like good coaching, chemistry, and home grown talent. Bulls did it right, Celts at least traded for it, but if the Heat win, will this change our collective thinking? Great article from Dan LeBetard
Before Manny Became Manny - Excellent article about Manny Ramirez's early years by Sara Rimer, a journalist who has known him since his high school days.
The greatest play in baseball history was 35 years ago today: Rick Monday saves the American flag
Why are people constantly saying soccer will take over America? You never hear it with any other sport
Habs win 2-1 to force game 7 in Boston tomorrow night
Game 5 in San Antonio has been utterly amazing.
The Many Faces of Skip Bayless
Imagine how sick this would be if scooters weren't gay﻿
NASCAR fans check out /r/nascar!
More details on the new Bill Simmons site
Truth.
Charles Barkley hatin on the royal wedding! I love it![video]
Can't wait for this 30 for 30 documentary, Catching Hell, about Steve Bartman. It's been delayed, but premiered today at the Tribeca Film Festival to great reviews.
Well that's a waste of a $6 bucket of pop-corn.
Alabama RB Cries At NFL Draft
this is not just another young phenom.  this is UNREAL.
I just want to congratulate Tennessee sports fans.
Paul Pierce Head Bunts James Jones Then Gets Ejected For Talking To Dwayne Wade
R.A. Dickey's bats make him one of the league's top hitting pitchers all day and cleave orcs all night
Steelers’ Mendenhall Not a Terrorist, Just an Ass
Hey Caps Fans...
Cricket is no longer just a weird foreign sport -- Several reasons why North American sports fans owe it to themselves to check out cricket
Denver Nuggets Forward Wants To Take A Shit In The Toilet
Nowitzki Stepback: Is there a more unguardable move in the NBA right now?
Gus Johnson parts ways with CBS
WHAT!? Gus Johnson is let go by CBS.
Golf legend Seve Ballesteros dies
Justice Department asks NCAA why there's no playoff for football
Bunting in baseball
I dunno, Jim. I feel like it could have been a little better...
Wouter Weylandt dies after crash at the Giro d’Italia
My Childhood.  
Swimming Coach upset how team is performing grabs swimmer by hair and pulls her out of the pool
Andrew Bynum has been suspended for the first 5 games of the 2011-2012 season and fined $25,000.
The NY Yankees Bullpen Strategy Guide. 
From a Sharks fan:
Why can't we do this in the U.S.?
Delonte West after the game tonight
Chicago TV sports anchor (whose last name is Hawks) covering Bulls-Hawks playoff series found dead in Atlanta hotel room
Baseball great, Harmon Killebrew, decides to stop cancer treatment; prepares for his final days.
Attendance at Dodger Stadium continues to plunge.
An autistic man has trouble singing the national anthem at Fenway Park...
Football fanatic gets Tattoo to celebrate Manchester City's FA cup victory, before the game. Ps. they've not won anything in 35 years. 
Don't display Yankees colors in Red Sox Territory. This State Trooper will take care of you.
I can't stand the Steelers, or USC, but Troy Polamalu is a total class act and role model.
The Mavs Have Toughened Up! No Longer Are They The Bitches Who Cop Out In The First Round!
Jenni Finch Discusses Her Advice to Young Softball Players
Baby Jordan is awesome!
Evan Longoria's bare handed catch during interview
Is the NBA draft lottery trolling us, or...
1st and 4th picks in the NBA lottery go to CLEVELAND
So, Jose Bautista is on steroids, right? Before last season, the guy had never hit more than 16 HR's in a year, then hits 54.  This year he already has 16 in 33 games.
The Pats took a shot on this guy with cancer in the draft. Looks like it might work out for both parties...
What's it like when your dad is your biggest fan and your most intense competitor?
Daniel Tosh takes a shot from Manny Pacquiao.
Things like this make me proud to be a Reds fan.
Did LeBron really deserve the blame for what turned into an hour-long fiasco for his image?
Kevin Durant is a beast (Dunk from Game 2)
Officials disciplined for charity pink whistles
Norm Macdonald goes undercover as NBA star Blake Griffin
Just made a new subreddit for cornhole. Check it out.
Fred Wilpon rips Jose Reyes, Carlos Beltran, David Wright, Mike Pelfrey and others
Does anyone else think it would be kinda crazy to see a Mavs/Heat NBA Finals again, after all these years?
The Thunder accidentally spill water on the court to try and ice Dirk on his free throws in the 4th...
The Brewers try to have a fun scavenger hunt around the state. It's, of course, ruined by a bunch of jerks...
Macho Man Randy Savage gets the latest entry in Deadspin's outstanding 'Dead Wrestler of the Week' series
Dirk personified, it doesn't get more accurate then this.
Simmons: Chicago, FIGHT FOR IT!
What sports stars do you think are secretly gay?
My friend thinks that the Refs favor Dirk because he doesn't have to take as many field goal attempts to get to the line as much as the other superstars. Am I the only who thinks this is just another example of his offensive efficiency and shot selection?
The announcer for the Mavs v. Thunder Game kept saying Serge Ibaka but all I could hear was...
Looks like the Phillies vs. Reds game is going into the 18th... wait, what?
Lance Armstrong, The Hero That Wasn't
You have created your own monster /r/sports, and now you have to live with it. xoxo
I'm pretty sure the only system more corrupt than US politics is FIFA. Blatter's now placed under investigation, making it 2 out of 2 presidential candidates. 
Can someone photoshop an image of LeBron James within the show art of The Closer on TNT?
Hot Wheels record-setting truck jump at Indy was friggin' awesome
can someone w/ espn insider post this article?
TIL Dwayne Wade is Scottie Pippen.
/r/Sports, what are your favorite sports curses that are still active?
DAE hate the fact that super important games (like tonight's) don't start till 9pm EST?
French Open: What happens when a ball boy runs onto the tennis court at the wrong time.
Lebron James embraces his all-time favorite athlete
Badminton Dress Code for Women Criticized as Sexist
What....is they're quest?
So I'm watching the NBA Finals...um...
Those black and white montages of players cradling the NBA championship trophy are just stupid. ABC, please stop doing this bullshit! LeBron just looks dumb holding the trophy like a baby. 
This is exactly what Mark Jackson sounds like every time he opens his mouth...
This is how corrupt the officials running soccer are: Sepp Blatter is reelected as FIFA President after winning an uncontested election
U.S. could end up with another chance to host 2022 world cup!
In honor of Shaq's retirement, here's his best interview ever
How dare anyone like watching LeBron!  You should be rooting for someone who plays mediocre and doesn't have what it takes to win a championship! /circlejerk
Ryan Leaf has had a shit life
Barcelona signs 10 year old American prodigy to academy
Who else pictures this guy when they hear the name Kareem Abdul-Jabbar?
How bad have things gotten for Derek Anderson? He was up all night arguing with a Browns fan on twitter.
You guys remember that story about what Tim Lincecum eats at In n Out? Well my buddies decided to turn that into an eating challenge. Here is the result..
Dirk Gets Congratulated By Random Woman
When M.Jordan played for the bulls lots of people hated him. After he retired everyone loved him. Will it be same for Lebron and Kobe?
Terrelle Pryor won't return for senior season - ESPN
not trying to spam here, but espn's 30 for 30 series is too good it ignore this.
Colt McCoy's Wife Implies Some Texas Football Players Accepted Benefits
Hey Lebron: Take Dat Wit Chew
Aside from the Big Flopping 3 the balance of the rest of Miami's team only posted 19pts.
Hey Sports Fans, I'm going to New York, and I have a serious question, figured you all would know best.
Greek Basketball Games Are Freaking Intense
Sports Cards For Insane People: The Awesome 1880's Athletes Of The World
Hey guys who do you want to win the NBA finals?
Terrelle Pryor Is Threatening Chris Leak’s Saskatchewan Roughriders Roster Spot
I'm now a Rangers fan - Paralyzed Georgia outfielder drafted by Rangers
Agent Zero live tweets a blind date
Can anyone tell me why Lebron is giving the pre-game speech to the Heat before each game instead of Wade? 
Dear r/sports, do not include results of games in the title, please.
Did you hear Luongo's pregnant?
Lebron should have played college basketball.
Revelations In The New ESPN Book
One of the funniest tennis clips I've ever seen!
This is why I love Bobby Lu. He comes out all pissed off, smashes his stick on the ice, and then gives it to the #Canucks faithful, and skates off. After a win!
Does LeBron James Have Six Toes On His Right Foot? SB Nation Investigates!
Great run by Miami, but it's the Maverick's time.  Congrats, Dallas.  You guys deserved it!
I knew it was you, Lebron. (x-post pics)
The Finals in a Picture *FIXED*
Mark Cuban Says Dallas Punked The Shit Out Of Miami Fans
Rant about Lebron James
like a FUCKING BOSS
Tony Kornheiser says now that Lebron has lost a Finals in Miami, the Lebron hate will subside. Do you agree?
What's on the Bruins and Canucks Fans Minds for Tonight's Game 7 (CHARTS)
Mark Cuban may dispense with tradition and not give the Mavericks championship rings
Packers ranked best franchise in pro sports by ESPN
When Chuck Norris was born, exiting the womb at twice the speed of sound, this man was the only one to block him from immediately roundhouse kicking everyone and everything...
r/sports this is a link to images where a country is trying to win back its independence.  Oh wait, nevermind, it is people looting and rioting after they lost a glorified ice dancing competition. 
Anyone else see...?
Dirk Nowitzki's hair wasn't the only depressing thing about the 1998 Dallas Mavericks
John Wall needs to stick with basketball.  Perhaps worst baseball throw by an athlete . . . ever?
Sounds like Tiki Barber is a redditor
So now I have to go through ESPN to get to Grantland.com?
The Daily Herald had a little bit of a brain fart on their front page this morning.
Maybe the Heat Needs a Different Big Three - NYTimes.com
Grantland's First Annual NBA Draft Lottery Preview
Golden State Warriors: 2011 Draft Preview
What's the Big Deal About Grantland?
Ron Artest changing his name to what??
Ron Artest is changing his name to Metta World Peace
I love listening to this guy go to work. Who else is going to miss him?
Wimbledon 2011: grunting tennis players are spoiling the game 
How you can prolong the life of a golf cart batteries
Yani Tseng destroys the competition to win the LPGA Championship by 10 strokes, her 4th major by age 22 (Annika didn't win her first until she was 24)
Three-player chess
Larry David goes through the five stages of grief on the golf course.
Roger Federer lost to Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in Quarterfinal Wimbledon 2011 Upset
North Korea: Soccer Players Hit By Lightning Before Loss To U.S.
Michael Jordan:  Greatest Basketball Player Ever.  Apparently Worst Writer Ever, Too.  
Settle an argument between my friend and I:
Wesley Snipes is Slow as Molasses.
How I envision the University of Colorado leaving the Big-12 today
And while the King was looking down...
Longest throw completed in the SWAMP...with a Frisbee
The Bullpen Mafia
Sports fans and civility: That Eagles-Phillies-Flyers-Sixers zealotry has manifested itself in some of the most violent, ugly, life-altering confrontations imaginable
Gay terrorists!! Run! - Nuggets draft pick Faried creates Buzz
Reddit:NCAA 12, Madden 2012 or Both? Why? (x-post)
Fairweather Fans
The greatest pregame ritual in sports: The Chicago Blackhawks National Anthem
Pyeongchang, South Korea to host 2018 Winter Games
Even in real life, Roy Williams is still a loser
Yankees' fan calls Indians' pitcher a spic in letter.
Derek Jeter Deserves Better
Today Ricky Hatton retired from boxing. I'm going to remember him for this and not for his fights against Mayweather and Pacquiao.
Footage from the game of the Rangers Fan going for the foul ball -- announcers LAUGH about it.  Just terrible.
Fan dies after falling out of stands at Rangers Ballpark behind left field wall
Man grabs his girlfriend's breast at a Red Sox game, on camera. The announcers can't keep it together
Some techniques to help a pitcher go straight to the MLB. [NSFW Language]
This is not a 360.  Stop calling it a 360
In case you missed it: Abby Wambach scores the tying goal for the U.S. in the 122nd minute against Brazil. Amazing.
I am too lazy to type up the whole Kanye spiel, but the US men's swim team had one of the greatest comebacks of all time.
Cross posting to see if any interest: http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/hltqo/iama_soccer_referee_ama/
Sport: the Missing Link to Conflict Resolution
This is when you know ESPN doesn't have ANYTHING going on.
Watching the womens world cup today noticed the Steve Nash haircut is a very popular one.
Falsely accused prisoner Dewey Bozella earns the 2011 Arthur Ashe ESPY Award for his courage to never give up fighting.
USA USA USA: Stricker our only hope at winning British Open?
Are Latino players exploited by MLB? Many see an opportunity for players; others say system is unfair. Academies in the Dominican Republic are described as “baseball plantations.
I am a Yankee fan and this is ridiculous!  A baseball card, really?
Yankees catcher Russell Martin alleges that the Toronto Blue Jays were stealing his signs during their 16-7 drubbing of the Yankees.

DAE see a kid that looked remarkably similar to the icecream soccer kid after USA's goal?
Soccer-if you want to catch on in America drop the shoot-outs and try this instead
Cristiano Ronaldo Schools LA Galaxy Defense [Video] 
Australian player dies from rugby tackle injury
Jeter is country's favorite male athlete
You say Alex Morgan, I say Tobin Heath
DAE Think of Reddit When Watching This Show?
most awesome penalty kick ever
Guy clearly doesn't know his college football on Jeopardy. 
Virginia Tech research provides much-needed data 
for football helmet technology
Baseball Friends: Chase Utley and Ryan Howard. What they talk about on those long bus rides....
PLEASE tell me you saw this live. Fat kid celebrating Women's World Cup final.
Please God.  I can almost taste it.
Tiger Woods gets rid of Steve Williams as a caddie - ESPN
San Diego Soccer Fan Makes “Blow Jay” Gesture To Ronaldo [TV Screen Cap]
Damn kids with their mad hops!!
Band escapes as stage collapses - Yahoo! News
BBC Sport - Football - Will Mario Balotelli gamble work for Manchester City?
Atlanta just beat Pittsburgh in the 19th inning...
Not the worst call ever but a pretty fucking awful way to lose in 19 innings.
I wish the NFL had stayed in lockout and then just went away...
Why do pitchers have to throw all 4 pitches in an intentional walk?
Thought provoking read on why people hate on sports journalists like Bill Simmons...
Adrian Peterson meets his childhood hero, Reggie Miller
Ochocinco going to New England Patriots?
Second summer in a row where NY got punk'd out of the top free agent
It's not justified, but I pray this was done because he's a DB as a person and not because someone thought this was an appropriate reaction to a trivial event that took place a year ago.
Hey r/Sports, I need to find a Pablo Sandoval jersey for cheap. What site would you recommend?
So, when are we going to put the Eagles on the list of the most hated teams? 
In an apparent response to the NBA lockout, the Timberwolves have removed all player information (i.e., they have no roster). 
I'm no different than Stone Cold Steve Austin
TIL Terrell Owens wrote a children's book
The hidden story of NFL rookie salaries - the dirty secret no one talks about
It tears me up inside that Philadelphia is being what New York should be.
What does Reddit think of Grantland?
Colin Cowherd has somehow predicted the entire league to finish 24 games over .500
Kevin Durant “catches fire in Harlem” (VID)
Kevin Durant owns Rucker Park for 66
This is EXACTLY how I feel when people bitch about Brett Favre (starts at about 1 minute into the video)
Ohio state players banned from wearing 'JT' wristbands. I ask you... What would Tressel do?
The worst cheap shots of all time
In which of the major sports does the coach play the biggest influence on success and why?
This is getting a little ridiculous: Real Madrid signs a 7 year old!
You've got to be kidding me???  This is ridiculous.
Real Madrid soccer team signs 7-year-old who goes by the single name 'Leo' 
is anything more fucked up than using roman numerals for super bowls?
Flying Squirrel Takedown - Saw this on ESPN this morning and couldn't believe I hadn't seen it here
L.A. NFL stadium agreement approved by City Council

Speaking of Shaq, those charges of kidnapping/beating a man because he had the sextape? They got dropped
So Close!!!
Am I the only one in the world that loves this combination?
Someone explain to me the appeal of the Little League World Series
FUNNY SPORTS FAN SIGNS
In order to save face, Texas A&amp;M must head to the SEC 
Watch All 17 Seconds of Kimbo Slice's Professional Boxing Debut
Top 10 most followed sports stars on Twitter. Number #1 is...Kaka? Really?
Fap Fap!
What’s in a Nickname? The Origins of All 30 MLB Team Names
Bench clearing, chair waving, bottle throwing brawl between Georgetown and the Bayi Rockets
The slower moments of a baseball game will slowly drive you insane, to the point that you are discussing praying mantises and scorpions. 
Over 41 thousand people came to a game of the little league world series tonight compared to 12 thousand that went to the Oakland Athletics game last night... what does that tell you?
Goodell crossing the line again with Pryor punishment
Best CFB rivalry trophy - Civil War
They must be high as balls.
Two people were shot after the Raider-Niners game tonight in the Candlestick Stadium parking-lot. Unbelievable......and yet, not really.
The Next Barry Sanders Is...Barry Sanders. 
This guy should quit soccer and play as a running back
Hey Reddit, please help me get my grandfather, Howard Cosell, inducted to the Pro Football Hall of Fame
Worst slide ever
High School Football + Texas 
There's a WNBA game on ESPN right now!
Love or hate Ochocinco, but you gotta love it when you see things like this
Stay Warm With Canada Goose Jacket This Winter - the latest financial and insurance news
8 Miami Hurricanes athletes declared ineligible, including QB Jacory Harris
Brawl in a rugby game today.
For Shame Pittsburgh Tribune
Sea-Eagles v Storm
The same corporate ruthlessness that drives management in any other big industry drives coaching staffs in college sports. If your second-string linebacker is spending his weeknights studying botany instead of his blitz package, it means he's an unreliable worker.
The Heaviest Day In Surfing History
With the release of Madden 12 looming, we have started an all Reddit Online Franchise! [PS3]
Mike Vick  gets 100mil $ deal, who knew animal torture could be so lucrative? Here kitty kitty kitty.....
ESPN. Need to talk about U.S. Open tennis coverage.
Players penalized for TD tribute to recently departed friend 
RIP Wade Belak
Do you live in the Oklahoma City area?  2 rounds of golf with cart @ Sugar Creek Canyon for only $36!! (x-post from r/golf)
Please tell me David Beckham will never be top 5 on this list...sorry little kids. 
Doug Flutie's Daughter on the Patriots' Cheer leading Squad...You gotta see her
Government intervention has no place in sport 
UTSA set NCAA attendance record for inaugural game
Still one of the most impressive game highlight films I've seen...
World Athletics Championships: Mo Farah wins gold in men's 5000m
My senior year in high school, our baseball team went 6-17 and won the state championship.  They're making a movie about it.  Here's the trailer
R.I.P Lee Roy Selmon
Tennis fans: match the grunt to the player
High School Football Player Penalized For Tribute To Dead Friend
A federal judge ruled Friday that Roger Clemens must face a new trial on perjury charges next April
His team gets 5 downs instead of 4, but he only needs 1.
Marching band was the best time of my life. Help me give back.
Peyton to miss first start in 208 consecutive games
Not sure if NFL or College Football - woot!
In the spirit of sport, I'll just leave this here
In honor of the NFL's return...here's the NFL's top 30 collisions ever...boom!
 Packers Rookie: God Told Me To Run Back A Kickoff 108 Yards For A Touchdown
Adrian Peterson is Looking to Please His Fantasy Owners...
men's nude rugby team plays female rugby team, guess who won?
Where did the Steelers' defense go? Literally.
The first down that allowed Auburn to beat Miss St.
Petulant Serena Williams loses the US Open on 9/11 to a non-American, acts like a caricature, a stereotypical Ugly American
We will never forget
As cheesy as it is, DAE love the Monday Night Football theme?
There has been some Ups and Downs but I will always love my Tigers.
Cee-Lo in Cut-You, a Tim Tebow Tribute 
Roger Federer as Religious Experience - always worth a look back at this gem!
While watching Around the Horn...
Chicago Bears linebacker Brian Urlacher leaves team after death of mother
Michigan fans help save Notre Dame fan's life - ESPN
Don't worry, the NFL kickoff is still super fucking dangerous.
So, what does everyone think of the new ESPN2 shows - Numbers Don't Lie and Dan LeBatard is Highly Questionable?
Oscar De La Hoya admits drag photos are real 
r/sports, can we have the team name and league when you hover the mouse over a team logo?
'Solargate' Didn't Happen By Accident | Fox News
FALCONS RISE UP!
Julio Jones you are a FREAK! watch this
Sunday Breakdown: Fail to the Chiefs
NFL looks into Dunta Robinson's hit
Six of the Best: Youngest Sporting Champions
Is going to Korea for stem-cell therapy the new black? Guess which wide receiver may have gone too
Last night the Red Sox had an inside-the-park home run and a grand slam in the same inning. Has that ever happened before?
Former NHL player, Mike Danton, who served five years in prison for conspiracy to commit murder, uses skills he learned in jail to help save a teammates life on the ice.
Bear Attacks Wisconsin Man
Kevin Ollie, Now an Assistant, Reinforces Calhoun’s Message at UConn - NYTimes.com
Yahoo sports absolutely destroys college conference realignment and the bowl system-playoffs please!
British man aims to be the first to run a marathon at sea; he will do it on a cruise ship, running 70 laps around the deck; he is doing this in memory of a family friend's son, who was killed outside a nightclub in England after returning from a tour of duty in Afghanistan
The Tim Tebow Revolution
Considering Tony Romo is a game-time decision, would you start him or Cam Newton?
NFL Week 3 Picks (24-8 with my predictions on the season)
Forget the Bills being 3-0. Did anyone see the last two minutes of the game? Did that play-calling and subsequent execution make anyone else actually root for the Patriots, however briefly?
Tyrann Mathieu
BYU Cougars to take Utah State Aggies this weekend
Oklahoma State Football Coach Mike Gundy Forgot Youtube Existed for 6 Seconds
I Don't Want a BYU Shirt. I Just Don't
I wrote this article seven months ago detailing all the Tampa Bay Rays would have to go through to compete in 2011. Not only did they compete, they won the American League Wild Card!
2011 Major League Baseball Regular Season: Attendance by Team
Twins fans don't have to worry about this iPhone update
Oh...so that's why...
Great Onion trolling: Great players' worst games
Son of fallen fan throws first pitch at Rangers game
Double Take 'Toons: Good Sports? : NPR
Fergie Wants Less ‘Cavalier’ United  
How do you deal with this?
For the love of all thats good in this world stop playing this song 10 times every game
Soccer Porn
To anyone who thinks Justin Verlander doesn't deserve the MVP...
Listen to Jim Leyland say amped 5 times in 33 seconds. 
Is there a sport you used to hate watching, but now you're really into it?
The best looking SI cover ever!
OTL guys heated debate over the Hank Williams Jr. controversy
Troy Polamalu scares crap out of visitors at wax museum 
I hate A-Rod, but lay off A-Rod
A-Rod is probably done being the player his contract paid him to be... Proof Steroids ruin you...
Don't know if this'll interest anybody, but we had to redesign sports logos in art class. I did the Bears. (x-post from r/art)
Chris Carpenter pitches a shutout as Cards reach NCLS
Is anyone else reallllly enjoying the NFL this year? The most exciting season in years to me...
A lot of sports have a sucky way to deal with overtime and ties are also sucky. What do you think about giving the home team a half-point at the start of the game?
Al Davis: All-Time Great Asshole
Lions, Tigers, and Bears are all on national TV tonight...
ORLY Cubs Fans?
Obama 'A Little Heartbroken' By NBA Lockout
Why is this Cubs fan excited in October....
Rangers take game 4 of the ALCS, lead series 3-1
Live: Fencing World Champs!
I don't always click on links about soccer, but when I do, it's to see all the negative comments about how lame it is...
Eagles lineman asks fans to take down anti-Reid sign
I think it would be awesome if the Maloofs sold the Sacramento Kings to somebody in Seattle (which is in King County) and they were renamed the King County Kings.
How many of you would emigrate to support your team?
TIL: While football (soccer) is one of the most popular sports in the world, in many countries like Armenia the stadiums are filled of men only as they are not seen as polite places for women to go. Some women are now challenging that.
ESPN Gamecast Sucks
Briton Dan Wheldon dies in IndyCar race in Las Vegas, 15 Car Crash
Kimbo Slice 1 punch K.O.
British IndyCar driver Dan Wheldon dies after crash in Las Vegas
Oakland Raiders on verge of getting Carson Palmer from Cincinnati Bengals
Raiders snag Carson Palmer from Bengals
Carson Palmer trade is steal for Bengals 
Ever wonder what a soccer lineup of NBA stars would look like?
Bryant Gumbel compares David Stern to “plantation overseer.
The St. Louis Rams were 7-9 last season, but with new offensive coordinator Josh McDaniels on the job they are already 0-5 this year! Vindication for Broncos fans?
A Look at Hockey's Greatest Export, the Beard
Stop the presses!  Whitlock passes up a chance to play the race card!
What are your favorite sport's nicknames?
Shaun O'Hara is a brilliant troll
Insanely Cool Promo Tech for Melo's New Shoe
The last time Final rankings for #1 and #2 NCAAF were from the same conference ?
We take sports way to seriously and our priorities are completely fucked if this could really be considered a felony charge.
New Zealanders: though you won the Webb Ellis Cup, in the future, don't mess with the French Rooster !
I know as a Lions fan that I'm supposed to hate the Packers...
Scumbag Holland
Anyone else aboard the Tebow bandwagon?
Top 10 Most Awesome Moments in Tar Heel Basketball
The NBA plans to cancel two more weeks of its regular season
The Tim Tebow Song
Tebow shows EXTRA appreciation to his receiver for his victory. I knew there was a secret to his powers!
tony romo just announced a baby is on the way...
Adrian Beltre's game-tying homer. Absolutely amazing to watch.
Unpitchable.
And now Boston will be giving up its crown. Go get 'em, Dallas-Fort Worth.
A girl, Monique Howard, is starring as an offensive lineman for a Detroit high school football team.
President Obama calls for an end to NBA lockout
Robert “Tractor” Traylor’s death last spring left a hole in the hearts of all who knew him.
ESPN shouldn't bother with Poynter, an ombudsman &amp; quit faking journalism
The NBA Lockout: Basketball Players Are Still Laborers. For those sports fans who’ve been paying attention to the negotiations and are trying to decide which side to root for—the ungrateful players or the greedy owners—let me offer some unsolicited advice...
TJ &gt; McLean, HELP THEM GET SOME VOTES
			Liverpool and Man U fans will Understand this
	
In true What the fuck is going on here fashion, the Cards tie up the World Series 3-3
FUCK FUCK SHIT ASS MFSOB RAGEEEEE
Astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson Tweets Baseball
Baseball is the best sport.  
St. Louis Cardinals 6 to 2 win, beating the Texas Rangers, giving the franchise another World Series championship.
Seeing Nolan Ryan in the stands at the world series reminded me of this classic beatdown. He was 46 at the time.
Prisoner told Mets won world series when released...I don't see the funny in this...
(PIC) Cute Mexican Athlete at the Pan American Games Opening Ceremony in Guadalajara, Mexico 
You want me to put the ball where?  Alright.. not sure it'll fit though..
Football is a really macho sport...
Frank McCourt finally agrees to sell Los Angeles Dodgers
This is honestly the most incredible thing I've ever seen in my life. I'm speechless.
1) GOAL! 2) HUG! 3) ??? 4) PROFIT!
The next pro athlete candidates for the role of Mr. Kardashian.
Democrats Want to Ban Tobacco in Baseball and Test for HGH
Former ESPN VP Claims He Didn't Masturbate Front of Erin Andrews
Triathlon race in 1997 where to women is stuggling in the end. And it looks hilarious!
TIL 3 brothers played outfield together in a MLB game.
Who is interested in a funny sports card thread? 
Jason Whitlock calls Michael Jordan a sellout
Good Guy Ryan Clark
1958 NFL Championship Game (The Great Game Ever Played) (video 66 minutes)
Insane first round of last nights Kirkland Angulo Fight - 177 Punches thrown
ELIIIIIII!!!!!!!!! I &lt;3 him so!
Why College Sports Have Been Proven Dangerous Today
Jerry Sandusky touched the lives of many Penn State football players during his time there.  
The end of Joe Pa? Such a shame. 
Never Forget Smokin Joe!
Ok, for real this time. RIP Smokin' Joe.
Down Goes Frazier... for good
PENN ST getting ready to let Paterno go.
NBA Says They Can Still Salvage A 10-Game Season
Paterno to retire at end of season
Grammar makes all the difference.
Timeline of events in the PSU scandal. Great read for all those confused as to what exactly happened
I can't find a great link, but protestors just flipped a media van at State College, PA. All about Paterno.
Hey Reddit, did PSU make the right decision when they fired JoePa?
Lawsuits Could Cost Penn State University More than $100 Million and Could Reach $250 million.
Are we witnessing the biggest scandal in U.S. sports history?
Curious. I'm not a college football fan; is the reaction at Penn State unique because of the cult of personality that surrounds Joe Paterno or would something like this happen at any big name football school?
A psychological rationale: why no one at Penn State called the police on Sandusky. 
McQueary not coaching against Nebraska, citing multiple threats.
DA possibly murdered in 2005 to end his investigation into Penn State scandal.
MLS now has the third highest attendance among US professional sports, surpassing the NBA.  WAT?
Top sports agent 'got porn star to sleep with players he was trying to recruit '
Logo changed at Penn State shop on campus
It just keeps getting worse at Penn State.
Am I the only one that wants to see a basketball game played at Wimbledon?
Nike fumbles on Jo Paterno Child Development Center 
Shayne Witmer skateboarding
Adrian Wojnarowski: NBA players reject deal, head for decert. Season pretty much over
The whole culture around Penn State football is fucked: OTL report shows between 2002-2008 there were 46 players charged with 163 separate criminal counts
McQueary would like everyone to know that he stopped the rape before leaving. You may now return to your regularly scheduled witch-hunt
When my friend from Stanford lost a bet...
Packers season tickets save a man's life
Funny Things That Non-Sports Fans Have Said or Done...
The new go to excuse for every coach in trouble Hey at least I didn't rape a kid.
Michael Owen should give up
American sports fan tries to play Sepak Takraw, fail ensues
As a Syracuse fan, every college basketball season I have to watch this game at least 2-3 times. Here's the highlights for those of you who don't remember.
After the news from Penn State and now Syracuse...
It's the Lions vs. the Panthers this Sunday.
Urban Meyer to coach Ohio State ? Anybody ...?? * crickets*
University of Georgia - SEC East Champions
Obama is sponsoring a basketball game with a ton of past and present NBA stars 
Meanwhile, on Mt. Everest.... (Absolutely shameless plug for high-risk mountaineers and skiers who may receive funding for their next expedition if there's enough public interest)
Sidney Crosby, the greatest player in the nhl, returns to hockey.
Google+ to broadcast NBA all-star tour
Emmanuel Adebayor asks spurs to show him the money!
Video: Jonathan Toews breaks targets across ice in viral clip - Puck Daddy - Yahoo! Sports
Houston Texans sign former Jet QB Kellen Clemens to replace injured Schaub
Thanksgiving Football predictions?
American Samoa's football team - ranked as the worst international team in the world - has won a game for the first time in its history.
Kevin Prince Boateng scores a sexy goal against Barcelona last night
Is anyone else FURIOUS that kickoff is at fucking 11:30???
Is the Penn State mess any of the NCAA's business?
Tentative NBA agreement reached
Breaking through the lockout, the NBA has reached a tentative resolution.
Referees have to stop eating twizzlers in the replay booth
Stevie Johnson TD celebration vs. Jets
Inb4, Usain Bolt won his first World Jr Champion Gold while wearing his shoes on the wrong foot.
Michigan on Urban Meyer...
My reaction, as an Ohio State fan, to the Urban Meyer hiring
Why I feel bad for poor single mothers in the ghetto...
Scumbag Fantasy Dustin Keller
2022 Qatar World Cup Not Chosen as a Result of Bribery, Leaked Emails Show 
Hypocrisy. [Oct 2011] ESPN: Paterno should﻿ have done more to stop child molestation 8 years ago. Fire him.
Who was more dominant: Michael Jordan or Wayne Gretzky?
Welcome to Red Sox Nation, Bobby V!!
NCAA Football
New 'Penn State victim' steps forward to accuse Jerry Sandusky of child abuse
Illegitimate BCS process holds game hostage
360 Sports Network - Fantasy tips, podcasts, all sports news, by the fans, for the fans
Great interview with Aaron Rodgers, really interesting insights on how the position is played
The most incredible catch of all time!(VIDEO)
Create-a-Caption: Winnipeg Jets Goalie Eats a Small Child
If you follow the Syracuse story this is a must read: Sports Illustrated defends ESPN's coverage of Fine allegations
How much better would basketball be if...
Marshawn Lynch goes Beast Mode ... nothing new.
Hey Vince...
Tottenhams Defoe matches Arsenal Wilshere's bet of £3,000 of Spurs finishing above Arsenal
Scumbag Media: Castigates Paterno for not doing more, sits on Fine tape for 9 years
Great article about the public's lack of objectivity when regarding Tebow
I don't know what to do with my hands...
The Denver Tebows
You're like an alcoholic away from the bar; All you do is miss shots.  The Worst Trash Talk In Sports History.
Reasons to watch the Pac-12 Championship
It's what happens in those six minutes...
There is only One reason to wear another team's jersey to the game...
Ndamukong Suh crashes car in downtown Portland
Athletes behaving badly: December 1st edition.  Latrell Sprewell, Rolando McLain and an organized scheme that is essentially stealing money from a professional sports franchise.  
HELP: my friend with cancer has one wish—&gt; to see his beloved Bears in Denver next week
Did you guys watch that new episode of To Catch A Predator?
Sócrates, Football player - Amazing life
A Boy Learns to Brawl - Part 1 of a three-part profile on Derek Boogard, the NHL Enforcer who died of a drug overdose at 28 years old. 
Get your dubstep out of my football.
Whether Aaron rodgers wins or loses, I will still save a lot of money using my discount double check. Hurt me, Allstate
Is there one person here who still takes the BCS process seriously?
Jose Reyes is heading to Miami Marlins
The reason I love the FCS Sub-Division
OSU Fans
BRETT FAVRE would listen if the Bears called. Yup....
HS Senior gets his State Championship winning TD taken away...
This guy wonders why he got thrown out of the baseball game. You will not believe the amount of vulgar vocabulary this guy has!
Jared Allen explains punching Ray Edwards square in the wiener
T-Shirt Gatling gun
Anybody who watches college football commentators on ESPN will appreciate this account
Albert Pujols has agreed to a 10-year, $250 million deal with the Los Angeles Angels
Virgin-My-Ass Tebow
ESPN: It’s not “our job to go to authorities with evidence” of sexual molestation of minors
He does it to win
just David Stern trolling yet again.
DAE like Tim Tebow for the irony?
You won't believe the results of this ESPN poll!  I have lost faith in America.
Roethlisberger in a walking boot with high ankle sprain
Who meant more to their team, Lebron James for the Cleveland Cavaliers or Peyton Manning for the Indianapolis Colts?
9-0 Never looked so good post Bobby Knight!
Tebowcenter! Now with the lead singer of Denver-area band The Fray!
Ryan Braun got me thinking...
Aaron Rodgers...
U of Maine football looking for some karma
The Tim Tebow celebration .gif.... I feel a new meme coming on.
Fox Sports has a new background?
The NFC East is so bad this year, NFL.com decided to rename it...
Diedre Pujols mad at God because her husband Albert was only offered $130 million for 5 more years with the St Louis Cardinals
Oral Roberts Buzzer Beater
Hey Reddit, There is a Denver sports talk radio host that is taking suggestions on which Tim Tebow tattoo he should get after losing a bet. Lets help him decide
It's raining Skittles!
The 50 Ugliest Haircuts in NBA History
23-year old former Army Sergeant aspires to play college football. One of the most inspirational stories out there.
Harrison suspended for one game over hit on McCoy. C'mon, it's football. 
Nagatomo Bring Hockey
One of the best college sports team websites I've seen
Chris Paul is headed to the Clippers
Orlando Magic Fan Wakes Up From Dentist With A Message For Dwight Howard
Rumor on the street is that Braun's Herpes medication set off the positive test.
Broncos have been good for several reasons: Scoring Defense, Tebow not turning the ball over, great special teams, Willis McGahee running like AP
Funniest thing about the assault charge against Mike Milbury ...
Watching ESPN First Take's Stephen A. Smith and Skip Bayless arguing about Tebow is like watching partisan politics on Capitol Hill. Hyperbole, belittlement, and in the end...just LOTS and LOTS of indiscernible shouting.
Mat Latos Traded to Reds
International American Football
Green Bay Loses, '72 Dolphins Begin Celebration

I met a former NBA player at work on Saturday.
St. Louis Rams schedule
Broken Tennis Racket
I was this little kid during the end of the Packers/Chiefs game yesterday. Then my Packer fan friends reminded me I'm a Vikings fan.
7 foot 8th grader with incredible talent
Rothlesberger manages to suck the life out of San Francisco
If my predictions are correct, and they always are, this will be the final score of Super Bowl 46
Ohio State Football Banned From Postseason Next Year by NCAA on Violations
Shawn Marion wants to be addressed as “world champion” 
St. Joe's/Martelli controversy. Maybe you'd like to hear the other side?
Floyd Mayweather Jr. sentenced to 90 days in jail.
22 year old British Snowboarder Billy Morgan lands first ever triple backside rodeo on video
Imagine you're a visiting player trying to pay attention in a timeout while all this is going on behind you.
Kid drinks beer at soccer match! 
Since Stephen A Smith is now a meme, I now submit him being heckled ('06 is the best) 
Red Riots lead from start to finish in 51-34 victory over Dexter
Cincinnati Bengals secure just their third winning season in 21 years
Only one man has scored a rushing TD against the San Francisco 49ers this year: Beast Mode
Greatest endzone leap ever?
I'm not gonna lie... I got emotional watching this.
Marathon Training Guide Is Basically A Non-Professional Manual Intended To Show You How You Can Train
TIL Ndamukong Suh gave away $2.6 million last year, more than any other NFL player.  Most of it was to his alma mater, Nebraska.  Looks like he isn't much of a dirty player off the field.
Australia v/s India- 1st Test( Day 3): Indian batting tragedy
I don't care if I have to pay for it..! How/Where can I see a full game of the 2004 NBA Pacers/Pistons Brawl?
Is Tim Tebow an Elite Quarterback?
I propose we start calling him this
My GF knows the way to my heart...
The last 1.4 seconds of the Mavs - Thunder game as told by a Mavs fan.
11 pro athletes lost their lives in 2011
Who will win more championships/majors from now until the end of his career: Lebron or Tiger?
The Brocklesnar Got Demolished!
I don't think it's supposed to bend that way.
I'd say the T-Wolves were pretty damn consistent in their scoring tonight
Tony Romo To Change Uniform in 2012
The first New Years Day bowl starts at 12 eastern. Join us in our game threads all day and IRC!
Jared Allen finished the NFL season 0.5 sacks short of the Michael Strahan's NFL record. For those who don't remember, this is the sack that separates Strahan from Allen as the record holder.
Remembering the biggest Boston sports stories of 2011
New York Rangers beat the Philadelphia Flyers 3-2 to win the Winter Classic and extend their lead in the Eastern Conference
Oregon has some sweet helmets on. 
What is the single most impressive/athletic play you've seen in any sport?
 At ESPN, money talks, journalism walks
After missing three field goals, Stanford kicker Jordan Williamson takes some heat for it on Facebook.
A 20.6 QB rating? God has officially jumped off the bandwagon.
I'm from West Virginia, and it amazes me how often I see this....
Andrew Luck love!
 men-nike-shox/men-nike-shox-o-nine
Philadelphia Flyers Fans beat up Rangers fans after Winter Classic
Rugby League vs Soccer. (one sport need to man up!)
Yummmm, tasty!
Marshall Hoop Star Phones Home Like E.T. During His Game
A very foul game of Basketball
I'm a bit lazy to do the research now, surely someone already has though - Which major city has the fewest championships with the most combined (NFL/MLB/NHL/NBA) years of professional play?
Get Your Twitter Name Tattooed Onto An Olympic Athlete
Dirk Nowitzki doing a dramatic reading of Oops I did it again
Jeff Fisher to be named New Coach of the Rams
well this is must be awkward now
Why does this seat exist? 
Son of Packers offensive coordinator Philbin missing
Hitler sure hates Tim Tebow
Epic Touchback (BEST QUALITY)
Idea I just had: An NBA/NFL/whatever exhibition game where fans Tweet in suggestions for how to coach the game, and the coaches are required to do anything that trends.
John Parr - Tim Tebow's Fire.  I just threw up a little.
tragedy for Packers coach
Interesting Post from an Auburn Football Site
Finally, the media gets it right on Tebow!
The Oakland Raiders, being the Raiders, fire head Coach Hue Jackson after one season
SBnation pretty much nailed it on Ben's post game fedora
Son of Green Bay Packers coach found dead
Schottenheimer quits, Jets will have an offense next season
Snuck into CES and guess who I met?  But alas...
Jets Looking Into Peyton Manning [Insider]
Buddy Selig. Secretly a great commissioner?
A bankruptcy judge on Wednesday approved a settlement between the Los Angeles Dodgers and Fox Sports that clears the way for a sale of the team.
The Bronco's game-winning touchdown in OT against the Steelers may have been illegal, and a penalty should have been called.
Got this in an email from my Grandpa.  Best retort gets sent as reply.
Guess who my dad got to play golf with this weekend?
A Week Before He Was Indicted, Jerry Sandusky Watched A Football Game From The Penn State President's Stadium Suite
GSP is Out and Carlos Condit is in to Face Nick Diaz in What is Likely Going to Be a Classic Bout
You don't say
I don't know, it was an interesting game. A long game. I'm sure a great national TV game for the NBA. I'm sure everybody there loved it. You get to turn on TNT and watch Dwight Howard shoot free throws.
Just a little Chinese volleyball video...
Is there such thing as Extreme Ice Skating (Ramps , Rails, etc)?!?!?! This is the best I found...`
More N.C.A.A. ‘Justice’
OCHOCINCO FLIES DEDICATED FAN TO PATRIOTS-BRONCOS GAME
NFL will consider rule to prevent coaches’ in-season moves
If Denver comes back &amp; wins this game, I might just believe that Tebow has the benefit of divine intervention
Australia destroys India again, fuelled by Dave Warner.. Superstar in the making.
NFL will consider hiring some full-time officials next season
Worst Goal Misses of 2011 
It's old but it always cracks me up. Andy Reid as a contestant in a punt pass and kick competition.
2011-2012 NBA Inside News 
Paterno Pitched Sandusky as Head Coach in 1999
SF 49er fans abuse Saints family attending game.
Taylor Hall Injured Oilers Warmup: Harry Potter 2.0
Tuck Rule game from Raiders announcers
Canadian freestyle skier Sarah Burke dead at 29
Would the media treat Tim Tebow differently if he had a Hitler mustache and gassed Jews as a hobby?
Sarah Burke, 4x Winter X Champion Freeskier, Dies from Injuries Suffered While Training in Utah
That Smith Cray....
Former Penn State Football coach Joe Paterno is near death right now.
Reports of Paterno's death are not true
I scare myself sometimes.
Joe Paterno's family has issued this statement:
Well, I'm done with the internet for the day... [xpost from r/funny]
So Paterno dies literally months after the Penn State controversy forces him out.    This feels scripted to me.  They had to know he was close to dying when they let the story break.
This one goes out to you Billy Cundiff.
How I feel as a Raven's fan right now
Billy Cundiff to tie the game.
Friendly reminder to all the athletes out there; if your teammate lay motionless on the field, don't try to pull him up
2008 Called.... they want their Superbowl back!
I have to say it.
weatherford is a fucking g who really let the crowd in San Fran know what was up after he drilled that game winner
Kyle Williams and Billy Cundiff will have a lot to talk about in the unemployment line
Is it just me or are close NFL playoff games just constantly decided on special teams mistakes? Does anybody else find that frustrating and/or boring?
Philosoraptor on the Super Bowl
how i felt when i watched the Giants game...
This one goes out to Billy Cundiff
Football fans keeping it classy as Ravens kicker Cundiff and 49ers punt returner Williams receive numerous death threats.
The best part of last night's NFC Championship, my new Special Eli Manning meme
With the Super Bowl around the corner, let's take a moment to remember the greatest Super Bowl commercial of all time: Terrible Terry Tate, Office Linebacker
How coaching inbreeding led to the use of one of three different offensive systems by nearly all NFL teams. 
The Where and Why of NBA Superstars
A 2-15 start deserves more than a firing. It deserves a quick trip to the river with some cement blocks.
Scals owning Kris Humphries!
Someone Tried to Sell Two Tickets to Joe Paterno's Memorial Service On eBay For $99,000
the rise and terrible fall of alexander ovechkin, or why the arrogant russian is skipping the all star game
One of the Best Sports Commercials Out Now
A female basketball player is needed to humiliate a buddy of mine, please apply. There is a cash and hard liquor prize.
Federer/Nadal.
Manning is he over rated?
Jerry Sandusky: I’ll Never Forget All The Things Joe Paterno Did For Me
A Huge List of Super Bowl Prop Bets
Highest Wicket Takers in T20
I just read that jackrabbits can run 50 mph and jump up to 5 feet high. This is all I could think of.
I am a time traveler from the year 2000 who is obsessed with sports: Which headline would shock me the most?
What I thought when I heard Sandusky asked permission to see his grandchildren.
TIL It is possible in baseball to be traded for yourself. It happened to Harry Chiti.
Never in a million years thought i would see this man while i was at work, so humbled.
The Best Opening Batsmen in ODI Cricket
Tebowing is so 2011.
Frisby lands front flip on snowmobile during xgames best trick!
Gronk Party on Boston.com and 98.5! For fans of the Patriots.
I'm in class and I can't watch video with sound... 
wtf happened in the Orlando Magic game?
Blake Griffin dunks over Kendrick Perkins. Dunk of the Year
Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal: we salute the new gladiators
Guys, my brother is an awesome playmaker, but he can't find a team, and all he wants is to play some basketball. Pls help me by sharing this video. Maybe someone will notice him!
Indy Hosts Most Connected Super Bowl in History - Forbes
Expert picks who wins the Super Bowl
The Paradox in Football: Owners are business people and not football people
Love him or hate him, this steal / dunk by LeBron was just ridiculously athletic
Top 10 Highest Run Scorers Against India in Test Cricket
This guy is one crazy MoFo!!! 1m15 onward is just plain scary.
Good Guy Yankees Contractor
Trent Success Slips
When Giants and Patriots fans start pouring into Indianapolis for the Super Bowl, they may notice something different about the local women than those back home -- the Midwest has a lot of hot moms.
Giants Website Runs Ad Declaring They Are Super Bowl Champions
Eli Manning kinda reminds me of Woody
I had a dream about the Superbowl
First world sports problem: ESPN insider
Nice hat, bro.
Watching the Super Bowl in Guam.
and there's your ballgame...
My favorite play from tonight's game 
Jeremy Guthrie of Baltimore Orioles traded to Colorado Rockies, according to report
Wes Welker Rage
Someone needs to make this super bowl .gif
Best Super Bowl Commercials 2012
How the poor keep getting poorer? Dwight Howard knows why:
Spygate Was The End of Patriots Domination?
Is Jeremy Lin for real?
Just my friend trolling at the Knicks game.
Joe Posnanski Asks: If You Had to Select an Athlete to Play for Your Soul, Who Do You Pick?
Every time I see Jeremy Lin play I think of this
Sandusky bail terms allow him to watch schoolchildren from porch
This woman was really excited to see Mark Sanchez at the Giants' Super Bowl parade (Video)
That's a new record for okc thunder!!!
H.S. Basketball Game Marred by Vile Racism
Over their last 86 meetings dating back to 1977, [UNC and Duke] are separated by a total of one point.
Big Papi Grand Slam 2005
What the Chicago Blackhawks Need to Do to Make a Run in 2012...
Hilarious Chinese news video about Jeremy Lin. Wait for it...
You only get one chance in life for this..
Kevin Youkilis is marrying Tom Brady's sister
Ochocinco is here to stay?
Pretty awesome full court pass &amp; dunk from a HS basketball game
Jeremy Lin -- recent Harvard grad and first Asian American to play in the NBA -- scored 38 points tonight against the lakers in his fourth start (4 more than kobe). Show him some love reddit!
Why MIA Was Right to Give America the Finger at the Super Bowl:  Maybe we deserved it.
This writer should get fired 
What Cricket looks like to most people
Jeremy Lin story from his high school online newspaper - The Pride of Palo Alto: Jeremy Lin
Ex-49er 'Fabulous Freddie' Solomon dead at 59
Valentines from your favorite Superstars
Bodypainted Natalie Coughlin in SI Swimsuit Issue
My Valentine's Day just got a lot better...got these last minute for free! BOOOOMER!!
Jeremy Lin in his online high school newspaper
Jeremy Lin's Game Winning Three Against the Raptors
Not enough Jeremy Lin in your reddit?  Try this.
Why can't media men like Darren Rovell and Colin Cowherd treat Kate Upton like a professional?
Jeremy Lin invited to NBA All-Star Game Dunk Contest...to be a set-up man for his teammate, Iman Shumpert. He'll also participate in the Shooting Stars competition.
Jeremy Lin TV Graphic flashed on MSG Network....a little racially insensitive? 
Lin Vs. Tebow
Jeremy Lin's success thanks to demanding parenting prevalent in asian culture 
London Olympics 2012 Logo
Dumb Sorority Girl Asks “Jerry Linn” Out...
Please help. I need an alternative to ESPN.  
ESPN Apologizes for Offensive Headline
Why is officiating in the NBA so bad?
Linsanity Summed Up
This sport deserves more respect...
Jeremy Lin is putting the Lin...
What people think Of Jeremy Lin
Jeremy Lin: No, I'm not dating Kim Kardashian
Adonis Stevenson knocks out Jesus Gonzales (French commentary, but no words are needed)
On ESPN First Take today, Skip Bayless addressed Charles Barkley's extreme dislike towards him, to the point of trying to fight. If they fought today, Who ya got? Charles or this?
Greg Oden undergoes another Microfracture surgery and is out for the rest of the season. Sad News. 
Van Gundy: Defending Jeremy Lin
Why I am a sports fan
Uh, ESPN, I'm gonna go ahead and stop you right there. 
Hrmmm, Peyton Manning going crazy...
Magic Johnson is getting his own TV network.  Start a campaign to bring back The Magic Hour!
One reason why fans go to sporting events is to act out anger - Time Sports Columnist Sean Gregory on Al Jazeera
Brady Quinn apologizes for Tim Tebow comments - College News
UFC president Dana White calls Floyd Mayweather Jr. a racist and urges him to fight Manny Pacquiao.
Northwestern football coach Pat Fitzgerald accused of being a racist for a twitter comment that he didn't actually write. Either way, read the tweet and tell me people aren't getting overly sensitive.
MLB rules in favor of Braun's appeal
Ryan Braun wins first ever steroid-use appeal. 
OMG Blake Near Free Throw Line Dunk
Tim Tebow ignores Brady Quinn’s slights while serving as dream date for 9-year-old | Prep Rally - Yahoo! Sports
Sri Lanka on top after beating Australia 
Diving World Cup - in pictures 
Top Maryland football recruit offers up incredibly offensive Jeremy Lin tweet.
Pearl Jam's Jeremy Lin
Pat Knight’s rant may be the news conference of the year
DAE Avoid watching sportscenter or anything similar after your team loses the day before?
Sheed to sign with lakers!
Alright, call it. Who wins the dunk contest? Three point contest? All-Star game? And for bonus who is the MVP of the All-Star game?
If you haven't watched Red Bull Crashed Ice, you should probably check it out.
If you're like me, you never get enough of professional athletes swearing.
Linsanity and Christianity in China | The Stream - Al Jazeera English
Jeremy Evens two ball dunk FTW at the Dunk Competition 
The greatest athlete of my childhood [Fixed] [Fixed]
Mathematical proof of being a redneck.... 
Shabazz Muhammad is considering Kansas according to his father
Do you want an Anthony Davis poster?
Well if Jeremy Lin would do it!
Amazing high school player, 71 points
Danica Patrick finishes the Daytona 500 BEHIND the guy who wrecked into the jet dryer and caught on fire...
Happy birthday Dino Zoff! Italian football legendary goalkeeper turns 70
A team was made in Mississauga! Whose brilliant idea was this!?
Former Cal quarterback Joe Ayoob sets world distance record for throwing a paper airplane.
Joakim Noah Plays Bass? (starting 2:10)
The Only Time I Have Ever Gotten Squeamish From a Sports Injury
The best part of NBA All Star Weekend
High School sports writers = bad journalism
FIFA looking in to 10-0 victory of bahrain over Indonesia
Once again ESPN...what the fuck?
I'm so fast that last night I turned off the light switch in my hotel room and was in bed before the room was dark

Additional wild-card berths create more problems - or - How Bud Selig continues to ruin baseball
50th Anniversary Special: 100 Facts About Wilt Chamberlain's 100-Point Game (x-post from r/NBA)
'Did 'em dirty': Wade with a no-look alley-oop to James - Heat VS Trailblazers.
New York Yankees Pose For Media Day In The Bathroom
NBA Positions: Do they really exist anymore?
Shootout fail
New World Record for Longest Paper Airplane Flight!!!
How Dikembe Mutombo unintentionally paid a Congo warlord $30 million for gold
Man, I wanna go kick some ass for some reason!! Tebow is pretty good
I wonder what would happen if UFC met these guys
Wow. MMA has come a long way.
Iniesta and Casillas asking strangers for autographs
You can make a bracket now on this website- NCAA Mens Basketball
Epic end of match!!!!!! Final NLB 2010

70 year old equestrian qualifies for 2012 Olympics
Look who I ran into at Specs!
Anybody interested in the Japan vs USA womens soccer rematch? Live stream links inside
Former Mets star Lenny Dykstra sentenced to three years in prison 
I'm not surprised it's come to this
Top 5 Nike Commercials of All Time!
Help me mess with my sports loving friend
GUYS! GUYS...HEY GUYS!...BACK TO YOU GUYS!
Colts plan to announce Peyton Manning’s departure Wednesday
Bleacher Report's video department has been pumping out some great stuff lately. Check it out.
Don't do him like that, DRose.  He has owned Jennings since HS when he made him cry on ESPN.
Lionel Messi first player to score 5 goals in Champions League game, DANG!!!
In which two professional baseball players profess their love for Bieber. Through song. 
i think that pillow is trying to tell me something...
Peyton Manning playing for the Broncos!. What would you think? 
The Madness of March
x post from videos. support and share help this go viral 
The world does not argue with it.
Golf ball hit right at cameraman...looked pretty scary
WWU MEN'S GOLF: Vikings third among 13 teams after two rounds in California tournament
Rams reportedly agree to trade second pick in NFL draft to Redskins
Casey Prather gets big against Kentucky
Post your 2012 March Madness Brackets!
Lazy College Athlete
Adreian Payne goes BEAST MODE on Ohio State
TIL Surfing kills your arms.  What is a good way to prepare for surfing?
Made this for myself to save time on Thursday. Never ask Where the HELL is truTV? again!
Does the NBA know something about Dwight Howard we don't know?
March Madness predictions based on the salary of the school's alumni. 
Good Guy Curtis Granderson
Boobs and Basketball! The best way to check sports scores!
My apathy toward March Madness makes me feel like a girl
The Southern Miss Band Chanted Where’s Your Green Card? At Kansas State’s Angel Rodriguez. He was born in Puerto Rico. Sigh. 
Sumo’s First African Star. Sumo sensation Abdelrahman Ahmed Shaalan hails from Egypt and is perhaps better known as Osunaarashi.
those rascal commentators!
Posting Manning receipt gets server fired
Yuto Nagatomo Compilation
Footballers like Fabrice Muamba collapse due to high level of fitness- hocum is a disorder that makes the heart of young athletes operate like that of an 80-year-old
Today In Jose Canseco Tweets As Motivational Posters: Kindness
The Battle For Jim Thorpe's Final Resting Place
Hopeful, North Texas Hall of Famer To Assist With 5th Annual Combine
Six Nations Rugby: 2012: England v Ireland....goto 2 H 6 Mins 5 seconds to hear Laurence de La La say England win bigger than Wales Grand Slam.....
5th grader busted for organizing NCAA Tourney pool
Is Peyton Manning Who We Thought He Was? Part II
Mike Tyson believes Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao ultimately will fight
Tim Tebow: What's the Secret?
What's bigger than Peyton right now you ask??
March Madness: Who has the best bracket so far? | 
PunditTracker | Another reason to hate LeBron 
James
Are Man City about to relive the Newcastle collapse of 1996?
Former hockey coach guilty of molesting players
Saint's Head Coach Suspended 1 Year
Madden '13 Cover: Vote for EA Sports' Madden NFL 2013 Cover Athlete. How about a kicker as the cover athlete. Show me your strength reddit. Vote Sebastian Janikowski.
The Denver Broncos officially sacrificed a virgin to win the superbowl
Denver and Jets have encountered hangup in language in Tim Tebow's contract that could nullify trade
Warren Sapp: The snitch in the bounty scandal was Jeremy Shockey
ESPN über challenge. I was in jail 10 months in 2011 too
Jets, Broncos complete trade for QB Tim Tebow
Man’s obituary says he wanted to die before Broncos acquired Peyton Manning
Lionel Messi: What makes him so good at futball/soccer?
ULTIMATE FAN--please vote for my 10 year old brothers video blueshirt brothers...he can win season tickets!!!!   vote with your email or facebook!!!
Report: Denver Broncos trade Tim Tebow to the New York Jets for draft picks
null
Who was more dominant Tiger woods at his prime or lionel messi right now?
Tomlinson: Sanchez, Tebow will coexist fine in New York
Discussion: Right now, who is the world's greatest professional athlete?
..what does Reddit think..or do we not ski?
A Manning injury would serve the Broncos right - Pat Robertson ... at it again!
Rex Ryan's Coaching Philosophy
Why did the Jets trade away Peyton Manning?
New Orleans still continue the bounties, sickening
Baseball Fan on a Quest
A tutorial in being classy when your ceremony is ruined. Kazakhstan style.
[old link] Bryce Harper's favorite teams are the New York Yankees, the Dallas Cowboys, the LA Lakers, Texas football, and Duke basketball...
Your memes are bad and you should feel bad, ESPN
National Anthem at Ottawa vs. Pittsburgh game is so bad the players are giggling...
Chameleon Eyes
Canada beats USA 2-0 in Olympic qualifying!
LeBron James does right by troops
UK and Louisville in final four, how often do two teams from the same state make it to the final four? Is this really rare?
Arnold Palmer was taken to the hospital, hope he has a speedy recovery.
I made these for r/collegebasketball. Feel free to use them.
Yes... this is an actual sport.....
I'd just like to point out the brilliant (unfortunate?) choice of colour for Jeremy Lin in this ESPN infographic
Ticket Liquidator's Three Greatest Games in NCAA History (as described by a talking piece of toast)
Least Interesting Man In The World
Dennis Rodman broke, extremely sick
New Sport!
Jeremy Lin had lunch with the fired ESPN headline writer
I'm pissed off for greatness
Charles Barkley In Drag
Which is 'more' of a sport? Racing or skateboarding?
90's Themed Hockey Intro Video
Wonder how much a trip to the Final Four costs? SeatGeek's Final Four Infographic guide will let you know!
With the Mega Millions jackpot now up to $640 million, how long before an investor group led by Magic Johnson swoops in to buy it for $2.1 billion?
The Jayhawks' Secret Weapon: Andrea Hudy - possibly the nation's only female strength and conditioning coach for a Division I men's basketball program 
Ex-NBA Star Stephon Marbury Helps Chinese Team Clinch Championship
Girls Soccer Fight - YouTube
Diego Maradona clashes with fans calling them cowards
The greatest sportscaster I've ever had the pleasure to listen to
Is it ever appropriate to cry as a fan?
Ray Lewis addresses the Stanford team before their NIT Championship game
Calipari is in the Championship against Kansas... Let it begin...
Ultrarunner's Body Found in New Mexico's Wilderness  
Separated at Birth [FIXED]
Micah True, an ultrarunner profied in Christopher McDougall's book, Born to Run, has gone missing in New Mexico, after heading out for a 12 mile run on Tuesday.
So I heard you like hacky-sack and volleyball...
Arkansas football coach Bobby Petrino in motorcycle accident.
Is It Time To Tone Down The Tiger Woods Coverage?
Why it's hard to become a hockey fan as a So Cal Direct TV customer
Blake Griffin's Tip Slam against the Lakers
Blake Griffin Dunks on Pau Gasol. Posterized!
Andew Bynum Meme? #BynumInHistory After he laughed at teammate Pau Gasol getting dunked on, this meme. OG pic found on twitter: http://yfrog.com/n1optpj
Who says soccer players are all whimps?
Awkward video of Dwight Howard playfully putting his arm around coach Stan Van Gundy, not realizing that the coach just confirmed rumors to media that Howard wants him fired.
Bobby Petrino suspended indefinitely 
Large gallery of the Astrodome today.
If you watched sports in the 90's, you will always remember this guy.
Lance Corporal Bryan Carpenter, wounded in action, riding a carriage to the pitchers mound of the Indians game where he would throw the ceremonial first pitch.
Brazilian soccer player attacks ref, gets arrested on the field...
How the...
Time to put the Madden Curse to rest? An in-depth examination of all 12 Madden covers. 
The Scissor Kick
When you see this cheap shot...
Doanface photoshop win
Worth staying up until 1am to watch live...
I love this game!
Columnist claims that soccer is ruining America.
Watch a dog pick the NHL Playoffs
Dunk Off
Makes me so mad
The real reason why the Supersonics moved to Oklahoma City.
Rangers fan can do amazing things with her mouth
What Is The CIA Hiding About The Missing DA Who Didn't Prosecute Jerry Sandusky In 1998? (Probably Nothing.)
15 years ago today the Hartford Whalers played their last home game
The most annoying analyst ever. 
Exercise is good... get out there and do something
One of the best goals I've ever seen.
Livorno midfielder Piermario Morosini has died after suffering cardiac arrest during match at Pescara. He was 25.
Meet the guy who updates the Wikipedia entry for the 2012 MLB Season—Every. Single. Day. (x-post from r/baseball)
Lebron Explodes Against the Nets, Socres Last 17 Points for Heat
Update: the worst cheap shot you'll ever see in baseball
Raffi Torres hit on Marian Hossa
Whoever wrote this headline must have came being able to include these two names right next to each other.
The NHL didn't prepare for double digits apparently
What I have learned since I started frequenting r/hockey
Ivan Rodriguez will retire as a Texas Ranger on Monday, source says 
Remember when Raffi Torres almost killed Hossa? TERRIBLE TORRES
Why not to draft the top NFL draft prospects
Fenway Park 100: Red Sox Memories a mixed bag
In honor of Fenway's 100th birthday, here's a shot I took of two fans high-fiving under the light tower near the retired numbers just after Boston's 6-4 win over the Rays on Sunday. 
All of Philly right now. 
David Ortiz..you so silly
White Sox pitcher Humber throws perfect game
LA hockey reporter thinks he's talking to American Ryan Kesler, is actually talking to Canadian Kevin Bieksa, goes to print with quotes of Bieksa doing Kesler impression saying American fans are better than Canadian fans.
If You Love Soccer..
All Sports Commentary
Humble Pakistani immigrant who rose to become a billionaire buys minority share in Jacksonville Jaguars - first Pakistani to own a minority share in an NFL team.
Mark Cuban thinks the Olympics should pay him if his players choose to represent their country.
2012 NFL Draft Mock Draft
My Latest Freerunning Video!
Why is there no r/collegehockey or r/gymnastics in the sidebar?  I feel like the sidebar is missing a lot of sports
And this is why I will never get my mom any Pandora jewelry, because she'll probably hate it
Joe Buck Imagines A Chicago Cubs World Series Win [VIDEO]
Derrick Rose's Injury Fall Scene by Scene
TIL Kobe speaks English, Italian and Spanish.
Ginobili with the MONSTER SLA--oh.
Will it just be you dining with us tonight?
Nike designer implies in his tweet, if Derrick Rose would've had a contract with Nike instead of Adidas, he wouldn't have torn his acl
Clippers fight back to win game 1 after trailing by 27 points 
Fans behind home plate moon the camera as Bryce Harper gets his first major league hit. (Video contains full moon shot).
Packers Fans are Much Better Fans Than Vikings Fans
Catfish 2: Sarah Boogaloo
So I met Former NBA Center Manute Bol, he was very tall
NFL bans four players for New Orleans Saints' bounty roles
I love Derrick Rose, but I couldn't help it
Report: Junior Seau feared dead after shooting at home - NFL News | FOX Sports on MSN
Junior Seau Found Dead
how i feel as a twins fan lately
A Grizzlies fan tried to give Marc Gasol two in the stink
2012 NFL Draft Grades. Do you agree? 
Ex-teammate:  Junior Seau had 1,500 concussions
Addai's going to New England.
might have to sell my Adidas Stock
Michael Phelps to retire after London Olympics
10 years ago today...
I agree with Steve Kerr about making the NBA age limit 20 - good article from grantland.com
Welcome back Andy
My friend's reaction to the Flyers' loss
Cris Carter Admits to Placing Bounties During Career
This sums up Kobe's run on the Nuggets last night very well. (xpost from r/funny)
when it's all said and done for Ron Artest...i'll promise to always remember him like this. [pic]
Barry Bonds will be on the HOF ballot in 2013. Should he be elected to the Hall?
TIL There Is A MMA Fighter, With A 7-0 Record, Who Is Missing Half Of His Left Arm
Hello r/sports, I introduce to you, r/GoalKeepers, a place for goalkeepers of all sports
Euroleague championship game highlights [vid]
I don't shake substitutes' hands - Ron Artest on OKC's James Harden
Chris Bosh's MRI revealed. 
Sports Scheduler: How Do I Watch Other Sports?
Baseball's Penny situation shows it takes more than skill in Japan 
Cheers and Jeer in the Al Jazeera newsroom caught on camera when Man City scored and clinched the League
Chris Bosh Out Indefinitely with Injury
Derrick Rose out 8 - 12 months following surgery, could miss all of next season
Athletics committee rules 13-year-old boy can play on girls field hockey team
Josh Hamilton adds over 4000 twitter followers in one nine inning game!!
Report: Tebow sends cease and desist letter to maker of Jesus-y Jets T-shirts | Shutdown Corner - Yahoo! Sports
Andrew Bynum has earned $460,000 in fines and lost salary from suspensions this season.
Is It Fair That A Quarterback Set The Record For Paper Airplane Tossing?
TIL, The fans of the Sounders (MLS) can vote out the GM every 4 years. (xpost from /r/Seattle)
What if the L.A. Kings game on Saturday goes into double or triple O.T? Are the Clippers screwed?
Top 10 Kronwall hits
Lance Stephenson? You want a quote about Lance Stephenson? I'm not even going to give him the time. Knock it off.
Briscoe wins Indy 500 pole by 0.003 seconds
Why is it that lacrosse is mainly popular only on the east coast? Is there something about the sport unappealing to west-coasters?
The ACC is finished
Don't hate LeBron, enjoy him; he's most gifted player in NBA history
Amazing Frisbee catch!
You think they could have come up with a better article name...
Boston Bruins enforcer Shawn Thornton says he would welcome and accept gay teammates. It's good to see social progress in the world of sports. [x-post from r/hockey]
Why CBC's While Men Watch women-only Stanley Cup Finals feed is offensive to women AND men
Just in case you were wondering where Adam Morrison has been for the last few years...
Gary Connery has become the first skydiver to successfully land without the aid of a parachute
Conference Realignment: How to Fix the ACC, with or without Florida State
Kyle Korver and his spectacular defense
Blake Griffin Dunks: NBA Jam Style
Ex-USC recruit exonerated on rape conviction
MMA's Nick Diaz gets 1 year suspension, loses $65,000, for medical marijuana use
Ocho is a silly guy...
DAE love that Larry Bird called out his own team?
Still the best highlight video ever!
Goals of the week
Weak men pay this boxing coach to tell them they are terrible 
Saturday, Junior Dos Santos will defend the UFC Heavyweight title against Frank Mir. For the first time in UFC history, the entire main card will be heavyweight fights.
When someone complains about the Giants this season
I don't think Rick Reilly is even trying anymore 
IU Purdue Baseball Brawl
Michael Bradley's Golazo in the 5-1 win over Scotland
Running around the world
Jahvid Best Epic Concussion
How I'm imagining the Indy 500 winner will feel after this race.
Astonishing strength from The Beast (video)
Baseball History: Fernando Tatis hits 2 Grand Slams in the same inning.
Metta World Peace promotes mental health awareness. I'm 65% sure this is serious.
Kevin Garnett Mix
Miami Dolphins will star on HBO series 'Hard Knocks' - ESPN
Doesn't surprise me that Penn states wrestling team is winning...if you know what I mean
What sport do you think has the best athletes?
Exonerated rapist earns tryout with seattle seahawks
Heat 2 - Celtics 0
Not a single fuck given by Rubio at the airport.. (Found on Twitter, seems to have been posted on r/NBA already)
Best. Boxing Coach. Ever.
NASCAR Greenlights Environmentalism
My main source of inspiration for 10 years of my life...
Lil Wayne feels 'unwanted' at OKC arena, won't return - NBA - CBSSports.com 
MLB Showdown 2012
My friend is a stat machine.
Nice collage of soccer highlights from the 2011/2012 season worldwide
Got a spare $5,000 and an empty 60' x 112' space? Well then the slightly used basketball flooring from the University of Colorado could be yours!  
Awesome story about sportsmanship from yesterday's Ohio Track &amp; Field State Finals -- goosebumps WILL follow
US gymnast Shawn Johnson ends comeback, retires
So I'm watching the Women's Softball World Series...
Donald Driver tosses shoe to kid at charity softball game, woman rips it out of the kid's hands
Bill Maher buys minority stake in NY Mets
Who will be trying Rondo's behind-the-back fake this week?
YESSSSSSSS
Fox Sports has this link posted on their main page.  I think we have a slow sports news day on our hands.
Lebron James, near the end of Game 5
Get Buckets!!
Sportswriter Jason Gay would fit right in on Reddit.
Would anyone know where I can find the Paul Pierce The Truth segment that aired on Sportscenter this morning
Metta World Peace does the Vancouver weather
Another way to look at the playoffs
How I feel about Miami vs Boston game 7?
Usain Bolt beats Asafa Powell again, running a 9.79 sec 100m in Oslo.
I'll Have Another officially OUT of Saturday's Belmont
I'll have another scratched from Belmont Stakes! No triple crown!
100,000 people watching in Warsaw on a big screen
The Consequences of Caring about Sports
As a Heat fan, I was actually surprised by these results.  Every. Single. State.
The NBA Needs a Battle Between Good and Evil
Rookie Andrelton Simmons of the Atlanta Braves has special talents
Football
Denmark upsets the Netherlands 1-0 in the EURO 2012 Group of Death
Union Rags wins the 144th running of the Belmont Stakes. 
I'm not too familiar with hockey, but something seems a bit off here.
Fair breakdown of the Pacquiao v Bradley fight.
Hey look, somebody paid off a sports writer.
A family reacting to the split decision of Pacquiao - 
Bradley. 
Jim Nantz Got Married on the 7th Hole at Pebble Beach, and Tom Brady Reportedly Attended
Because not enough people know about our amazing sport AFL
Yankee Attendence down 3.6%. Blames StubHub for having ticket prices that are too low. 
I don't think that's a real picture of him...
One of the most insane final moments of a European Basketball game that I have ever seen...
L.A. fans in a nut shell
Italian soccer team anti-gay? 
The NBA's REAL big 3. 
That's a clown question, bro
Anyone else enjoying the Euro 2012 Tournament? I'll get into it, then I watch a (funny) vid like this, and it puts everything back into perspective: 

WORST FOOTBALL (Soccer) DIVERS and CHEATERS

Oklahoma City Thunder Roll Past Miami Heat in Game 1.....BOOOOYAAAAHHhh
If they take the titles away from Lance Armstrong for doping, won't they just be given to other dopers?
Bryce Harper answers David Sterns question to Jim Rome
The Dream Team Documentary HD
      - YouTube
Walt Disney would be proud of Sportscenter.
Google is saying Jim Furyk is German...and they won't fix it for the US Open...google US Open
Is there a reason own goals in soccer aren't given to the last offensive player that touched the ball a la hockey?
Fenway Advantage
This is what makes Arenafootball so exciting! 2 TD's in less then 26 seconds!
Ukraine Tries to Sober Up Its Bears for Euro Soccer 
The hat makes me like this guy a little bit more.
Lunatic making Bird noises halts U.S. Open Trophy presentation
Roger Clemens Acquitted on All Counts
If suck while playing golf, here is one for you
US senators call for creation of Federal Boxing Commission
Miami Heat small forward LeBron James (6) is carried from the floor after taking a spill against the Oklahoma City Thunder


Future Uniforms: The Failed MLB Promo Of The ’90s
Former Marine...OHIO senate candidate attacked by comparing him to LEBRON JAMES
Not the biggest fan of Pittsburgh, but i gotta say this is pretty fuckin sweet street hockey setup 
Hockey's mocking response to LeBron's torturous cramping. 
I lament Wade's on the court descent into LBJ-ism.  
But his off the court stuff has always been positive.  
(bonus, gregg doyel not being an ass)
College football playoffs finally.
Why I Hate The NHL Gamecenter iPhone App....
Craig James is the worst. He'll never go away.
As the attendance of women in college has increased, so-called minor men's sports, like wrestling and tennis — even baseball — have had to be dropped to keep in compliance with Title IX. Football could be next.
Whats up with kids these days? -_-
Lebron finally gets his ring with the Miami Heat winning the NBA Championship 
Thunder gaining some fans tomorrow!!
This is Chris Bosh celebrating his championship.
2012 NBA Finals -- LeBron James wins MVP award 
I lost a bet on the NBA finals. Paid with this and she didn't even notice until I told her to look at it…
Woman suing Little League catcher whose misthrown ball hit her in the face two years ago. Matthew Migliaccio was only 11 at the time.
Harry Kewell quits Melbourne Victory.
Top sports stories this past week. 
Kevin Durant Cries, Hugs Mother After Thunder's NBA Finals Loss To Heat (VIDEO)
Manny Ramirez's Dreads Will Cause Drug Use, Abortion, Gayness, Blindness, Fan Tells The A's Triple-A Affiliate In Insane Voicemail... Seriously, this is one of the greatest phone rants ever.
Euro 2012: Italy beats England on penalties 
We all like sports, but this might be a bit much
Blind Guy Learns How To Dribble A Basketball For The First Time
Name This Athlete
Miami Heat Victory Parade Video
Tebowing at Machu Picchu
Mark Cuban RIPs ESPN’s Skip Bayless 
Wow: Derek Jeter, Greg LeMond, Babe Didrikson Zaharias, and Michael Vick all born on June 26th. That's some athletic prowess.
Why is it that in the NHL all of the rinks are held to strict standard sizes but in the MLB all of the fields are different?
Finally! College Football Playoff Approved for 2014 Season
Mark Cuban now owns my friends KickBall Team
Tom Brady: Gotta score fellas, they score and its only 3 touchdown, gotta answer them. - One of the reasons why should have been No. 1
The NFL: Where being #1 is just not good enough
David Beckham not selected for London 2012 football squad.
Lebron James - Victory Lap [5:38]
Bill Simmons Releases 2,000-Page Book Exploring How Fucking Clever He Is
Latest on Isaiah Crowell's status with UGA
Spain Win European Championship 2012|Spain 4-0 Win Over Italy | Top News Today
Tiger Woods squeaks out win to move into second on PGA Tour's list - ESPN
Tom Schaar stomps first-ever skateboarding 1080
      - YouTube
I'm a UT Austin fan, despite going to a different college. I tried to wish an Aggie well in the SEC. /sigh
Good Guy 85: Chad Ochocinco Steps Up for Grieving Widow with Wedding Invite
Jeneba Tarmoh proves that even when women's sports get interesting, they are still boring.  Withdraws from 100m dash runoff.
Legal Street Racing At 200mph/320kph. World's Greatest Race.
Hanley Ramirez hits his first home run in a month, takes more than 30 seconds to stroll home
I made a map for Phoenix fans.
too soon?
Too harsh? A's minor league hitting instructor suspended one year for trying to end an 18 inning game
Ray Allen leaving Boston Celtics for NBA champion Miami Heat
Did An ESPN Anchor Need To Apologize For An Astros Trailer Park Day Joke?
Decade old Federer bet pays out - The curious world of long-term bets
The new Kerry Wood State Farm commercial is fantastic.
This is the greatest sports story of all time!
This years Homerun Derby ball! 
Every time my favorite team is losing...
Massive oral history of WFAN, the first all-sports talk radio station (just turned 25)
U.S. Army decides to pull NASCAR sponsorship
What does r/sports think of this Anthony Davis-inspired t-shirt design? I call it Gentleman Baller.
3 Armstrong associates get lifetime USADA bans
Ken Block's Gymkhana Five: Ultimate Urban Playground; San Francisco (awesome rally car vid)
RYAN BRAUN SHOULD BE THE MVP OF THE ALLSTAR GAME
Has the AL ever been more Embarrassed in an ALL STAR game?
Any sexual innuendo is pure coincidence.
NASCAR Driver Defines What It Means To 'Race Like An Asshole'
ESPN: Testing the Limit. Scumbags.
Scumbag Steve.
Anyone can explain to me why neither Lionel Messi nor Roger Federer were NOT even nominated for Espy's Breaking record preformance category? 
Rob Riggle's Opening Monologue at the ESPYs [VIDEO]
The Eric LeGrand Story
Creepy Michael Phelps
The Most Powerful Women at Penn State Failed to… Protect the Children who Sandusky Victimized
One of these is not like the other
A Sheep in Nittany Lions Clothing
Someone Actually Thinks The Freeh Report Exonerated Joe Paterno, And It's Bill James
Report -- Joe Paterno had negotiated exit package - ESPN
Joe Paterno's statue to remain at Penn State (it did just as much to stop child rape as the actual JoePa)
Tacks thrown on road cause 30 flat tires at the Tour de France
Has Tim Lincecum finally broken out of his slump or was the Astros game just a tease?
Team USA = Mighty Ducks from D2
This is how I feel during the dull sports summer [img]
Do US Olympians get paid to compete? 
Woman arrested for stalking Chicago Cubs GM Theo Epstein
Game of Thrones - Sports Edition, What are some other ones?
Petition to Keep Jeremy Lin with New York Knicks
What playing cricket looks like to Americans (according to a Dutch comedy troupe) 
Breaking Down the Rockets’ Roster with the Signing of Jeremy Lin
Tiger Woods no longer top paid athlete
Massachusetts police officer punished for directing racial slur at Boston Red Sox's Carl Crawford [he called Crawford Monday]
Beautiful shirt design for the 2012-2013 season from Galatasaray
Even Spain's athletes don't like Spain's Olympic uniforms
Where are your favorite sports bars to go catch games?
No cell phones at golf tournaments!
Is it just me or is it crazy hard to find the hockey puck on tv
Graphic: The richest teams in the world
Statue of famed Penn State coach Joe Paterno taken down
Joe Paterno Statue At Penn State Taken Down
JoPa's statue removed....the right move.
Muslim Olympians wrestle with Ramadan dilemma
Source: Penn State to be hit with 'significant, unprecedented' penalties - CNN.com
Joe Paterno family releases statement over statue removal
Report: PSU sanctions include ‘multi-year’ bowl ban, ‘crippling’ scholarship losses
Following Adam Scott's meltdown in the British Open, what do you rate as sport's greatest choke (xpost from /r/Australia)
PSU Penalty: $60m Fine, 4 Year Bowl Ban, Vacate Paterno Wins 98-11, Reduction of Scholarships
Just a list from ESPN on bowl ban length.
Chad Ochocinco is once again Chad Johnson.
The Ghosts of Penn State
Yankees acquire Ichiro
3 Trades the Detroit Tigers should NOT make this year....
One of the painful images in sports.
Usain Bolt exclusive interview: 'This will be the year I set myself apart from other athletes'
Why is Paterno the One Being Villainized?
Rate How Funny Bron Bron’s Email Inbox Is  
Why Is the Opposing Team in The Dark Knight Rises From Rapid City?
Instead Of Nike Gear, Egypt Gave Its Olympic Athletes Chinese Knockoffs
This doesn't bode well for Penn State: reaction of players when they learn they can transfer without restrictions [vid]
Wait, wut? Canadian Rugby Women go Naked? Uh-huh.
Why American Football sucks.
Conversation with my brother about next year's bleak NBA outlook (we're from near Boston). 
Another reason to hate Tim Thomas
How Penn State Could Have Fought The NCAA And Won
Full Version of Olympic Opening Ceremony
London 2012: Probe launched into empty seats fury at SOLD OUT events
2012 Olympic Games Schedual
This is the worst national anthem rendition in history (video)
Stay classy, Ryan Lochte
It looks good for Bynum in L.A.  | Sports &amp; Fitness Plus
North Korea is apparently the best Korea, wins surprise gold in weightlifting
Empty stands force uncomfortable questions at London 2012 Olympics
Olympic athlete tweets: Day 2 
Olympic Opening Ceremony - Hidden Camera provides POV angle on the event...quickly look before it is taken down and the cameraman is kidnapped by the illuminati! 
    
This is the greatest Twitter typo by an athlete ever. It will never be topped.
ANOTHER player sent home from the London Olympics for a racist tweet.
NBC ran a promo for the Today Show that spoiled the results of a race they were about to air (video)
Do you prefer the socialist parity of North American sports leagues, or the free market dynasties of European football?
International Olympic Committee spokesman Mark Adams: It's very sad we (viz., USA Swimming coach John Leonard) can't applaud a great performance (by a swimmer who isn't American).  FINA president Julio Maglione says, people (viz., John Leonard) are free to say stupid things if they want.
Will the International Mathematical Olympiad overtake the Olympics in popularity soon as the human race becomes more sophisticated intellectually?
Fuck NBC. Download TunnelBear and watch BBC's coverage instead. Urge to kill fading...
Video of NBC's Missy Franklin Fail
Becky Hammon finally on twitter! American basketball player, playing for Russia in the Olympics finally takes on Twitter
Goals of the week
Friday night at the baseball game
How an American Can Stream the BBC’s Official Olympics Coverage and Overcome #NBCFail
Sale of Browns for over $1 billion is complete
IOC demands deeper investigation on badminton... about time we did away with this faux-sport anyway
We shot a camera out of our t-shirt canon
NBC Aired A Promo Featuring A Monkey Doing Gymnastics At The Most Inopportune Time
Got a new job, they have us doing a team building exercise. Can Reddit help me out? (Info in comments)
I'm Displeased With The U.S Broadcasters
ESPN text editor, you had one job
Russia gives Olympians  over 5 times as much money as the US per gold medal &amp; no taxes to boot...WTF?!
Fucking AWESOME Olympic tribute to Muhammad Ali.
I want me some glory hole - Jerry Jones
Serena Williams breezes to gold on high-flying day for Americans 
Hurdles can be more fun to watch than races without hurdles.
y the Next Olympics, Athletes May Be Getting Routine Gene Doping Tests
Landon Donovan Interview - Landon Donovan on Hope Solo and Olympic Soccer 2012
Swimming against history (x-post from /r/swimming)
Am I the only...
us vs canada women's soccer match
Which Sportscaster Would you Ban from Television? 
Slave To The Black Line: How The Greatest Swimmer Became Human (Michael Phelps)
Why Vin Scully is awesome, example #19,000 (video)
Can Runners Benefit From Drafting? 
Is Barry Bonds a hall of famer?
This Is Not How You Want To Dive If You Are An Olympic Diver
Would handball have much more luck than soccer catching on in America?
FIFA may discipline Canadian players, coach over ref remarks - CBC Sports
WHY I LOVE IVAN UKHOV, THE RUSSIAN OLYMPIC HIGH JUMP CHAMP...
Lolo Jones getting crapped on by haters after 100M hurdles loss.
Allen H.S. unveils $60 million football stadium. Seems like a good idea.
This is a HIGH SCHOOL football stadium. 
Impoverished South Korean gold medal gymnast who lived with his parents in a makeshift polyethelne greenhouse gets $440,000 in donations, limitless amount of instant noodles.
With Middle East countries vying to host international tournaments, they would be wise to look to Brazil, where preparations to host the next World Cup and Olympics events present opportunities and challenges in equal measure
After watching the 200m sprint final
Fan wins Dwyane Wade autographed shoes at Michael Jordan's camp, Wade tells him signature is fake
Can't wait to watch USF take down FSU this year in football!
bottom comment, might be a redditor (x-post r/funny)
Game Thread: [ArenaBowl XXV] Arizona Rattlers vs. Philadelphia Soul
The PGA Tour Reminds Us Yet Again That South Carolina Is A Deathswamp
4x100 World Record
A beautiful short documentary on the triumph of black athletes in the face oppression and racism.
I want to inform you guys of a sport called Airsoft *AMA*
Boston Bruins will win the cup again
Is Usain Bolt doping? (specious logic IMO)
here's how one anonymous blogger brought down a scottish football team that was too big to fail.
Kobe Bryant; E! True Hollywood Story...The NBA Golden Boy, Kobe Bryant, is a legend in basketball and has grown in fame over a short period of time. His skills, tricks and size are much dreaded by opponents.
Brian Urlacher undergoes surgical procedure on knee 
The 33 best GIFs of the London Olympics
A Rejected Jobseeker Sends The Padres The Best Letter Ever
Why the review of Penn State's accreditation matters
DAE hate it when commentators/analysts are asked for predictions before a game and say, It's going to come down to execution. What they are saying is, The team that plays better will probably win. Thanks for your brilliant insight.
Just when you think he's a savior
Perfect Game Rage
D ROSE #TheReturn
Jay-Z's influence on the Nets
6'3 - 300lb, 12 year old barred from Texas youth league football.
I certainly would not want to be married to somebody that can't win championships. - Vanessa Bryant
Ryan Lochte has trademarked the word Jeah
Jimmy Rollins Isn't What's Wrong With Phillies
What stories would you like to see in a 30 for 30 style documentary?
Usain Bolt Just wins the 100m &amp; celebrates
Game 1 of the new Unicycle Football season starts today! For the first time ever we're providing a live stream for the internet! Starts at 3:45 Central time.
Andrew Luck: NFL quarterback or domestic terrorist
How do I get better at watching sports?
Who is the most respected coach/manager in sports? (active or inactive)
Jordan Nolan with the Stanley Cup in his home town of Garden River, Ontario.
The Blade Runner -Oscar Pistorius runs 400M London Summer Olympics 2012. AMAZING feat &amp; crazy fast
If you get an opportunity to hear a Warren Sapp interview about his new memoir 'Sapp Attack', please go ahead and listen.
Our boy Yao Ming is still doing it right - visits Kenya to film a documentary against poaching elephants/rhinos
Lebron James is very bad man. He should apologise to the city of Cleveland., says Gitmo detainee and former translator for bin Laden
No shirt, no shoes, no commissioner? DJ Williams, Jonathan Vilma ban Goodell from their restaurant
Lance Armstrong drops fight against US Anti-Doping Agency drug charges. Could be stripped of Tour de France titles.
Lance Armstrong's statement re: dropping his fight against doping charges
Lance Armstrong will be stripped of his seven Tour De France titles. 
USADA to ban Lance Armstrong for life, strip him of his seven Tour de France titles after charges that he used performance-enhancing drugs during his unprecedented cycling career
Lance Armstrong to lose Tour de France titles, be banned for life after ending defense - Sporting
Lance Armstrong banned from cycling. No more medals, too!
USADA CEO Travis Tygart says agency will strip Lance Armstrong of his 7 career titles and ban him from the sport for life. Here's his email address...
Lance Armstrong Stripped Of All Seven Medals. 
Lance Armstrong to be banned for life, have Tour de France titles stripped
In light of the recent trade talks
This guy is making things interesting...
Sports doping: an extreme game of biology
Handwritten account of the first game of basketball
Who exactly is making a comeback?
Forbes: Why Lance Armstrong Still Matters
Dez Bryant of  the Dallas Cowboys will have neat constant supervision this season
Touching Me, Touching You
When there is no other team to watch,  I lower my standards and watch the Longhorns.
Sent this to a friend who is a soccer fan in the office... made my day 
Sports humor: Wang Liqin and the 20 funniest names heard at the Olympics.
The contract deals that every NFL franchise needs to avoid.  Great read.
The sports equivalent of premature ejaculation
Neil Armstrong picture of humility; LeBron, athletes are opposite
Never date within the division
A surging Melky Cabrera now leads the NL in batting average.
DAE think of this guy when Jesse Palmer speaks?
Ramadel Falcao being a badass scoring a first half hat trick against Chelsea on Transfer deadline day...
Aaron Wheelz Fotheringham completes the Mega Ramp in a wheelchair
Website I made for my first job...help me out and take a look around. Feedback would be nice too!
How I feel with football(NFL) season starting Wednesday.
Devin Smith's Incredible One Handed Catch
I broke my back..
Together We Can.  Stop the NHL Lockout!
NHL - 'Together We Can' #nolockout (HD) video
Alex Zanardi, who lost both legs in an auto race in 2001, says wins gold in Paralympic handcycling
Armless Man medals in archery in paralympics!!
God-damned Daily Mail is giving Peyton Manning credit for his brother's work.(look towards the end of the article)
Dear r/sports, teach me about the Cowboys, so I can talk smack about them.
Never forget.
Santonio Holmes says Mark Sanchez was 'rattled' when Jets picked up Tim Tebow
Nationally televised Alabama football game features stupid homophobic sign in the stands
Is there anybody in the business better than Gus Johnson right now?
In Jerry Meals World...
Not sure if you guys saw this, but I think it was one of the best games this season. USF 32 Nevada 31
Gronkowski Fumbles Touchdown Spike
Camera-Robot (?) almost takes out QB at 1:14 of video
NFL - Denver Broncos and Pittsburg Steelers Highlights!  Welcome back Peyton!
Arkansas fan's homemade United We Stand video (featuring her singing new lyrics while in full Hog getup) breaks new barriers for WTF
A question on r/AskReddit that I would like you guys to answer
Washington Nationals Rookies Hazing Salutes the US Gymnastic Team
Somebody is selling Brett Favre's pubes for $200 on Craigslist
Apparently the NY Jets are simply known as TEBOW now.  
Why do most major sportscasters never really want to report on Denver?
The Other Sandusky- did you know there were two? Please share! 
Wait, a vaunted WHAT defense?!
How I feel as listening to sports radio after an Eagles game. 
PLEASE WATCH AND SHARE I WANT TO BE NOTICED
Sexiest fans: Florida Gators or Tennessee Volunteers
Esther Vergeer wins 4th straight Paralympic tennis title, takes winning streak to 470 matches
This is what my fantasy team went up against this week.
For all the hockey fans out there. 
Need advice on MLS - Bringing my son to his first MLS game
What it feels like to walk down the Manchester United players tunnel
Asia's Growing Role in Formula One Racing
What do you consider to be the most unbreakable record in all of sports?
ESPN Definitely Messed Up The Halftime Scoreboard For UK-Florida, But It's Not Because You Can't Score One Point
Scuba Diving Equipment: Diving mask

John Terry retires from England duty ahead of FA hearing
Bob Costas is awesome...
How 'Merica feel about replacement refs
You sure about that, NFL.com?
Hilarious &amp; Awful
The man's got a point about us freaking out over a game.
Allow me to play Devil's Advocate here
This is why I love my friends so much. Go Pack Go
I think this sums up the monday night game the best.
Fuck the NFL for giving us these refs. It's time NFL fans very politely attempted to figure out Canadian Football.
Golden Tate:  You Didn't Catch That!
This is what I think of when all talk is about Football
Packers Guard T.J. Lang Tweets 'Fuck it NFL.. Fine me and use the money to pay the regular refs.'
After much digging I found the problems with the NFL reffing
The Mets' Citi Field: Literally Quieter Than A Toaster
Jennings may have caught the ball first, but he didn't land with full control
Congress Threatens To Leave D.C. Unless New Capitol Is Built
TIL that had Billy Beane not forgone his joint baseball-football scholarship to Stanford, he would have been backup QB to John Elway.
Soccer player scores with his hand, admits it to ref so the goal is disallowed
I have no issue with the hole summary writers at rydercup.com
Plans for a football stadium in downtown Los Angeles were approved by the City Council Friday, marking a crucial step in a long journey to bring an NFL team back to LA.
Thomas DeCloud play's the meow game from Super Troopers on Sportscenter
Rangers Pitcher tweeted a slur after getting pulled from the game
I'm not sure which group is more pathetic: those who lost the ryder cup or those who care.
Muggsy Bogues, eat your heart out.
Playing Dirty
THIS is what PRO athletes are doing these days. CRAZY!
I'm not usually a fan of the Cowboys, but it's really hard not to love Brian Moorman. dat left facing swoosh
Hedo Turkoglu Ball
What are some things (rivalries, events, stadiums) that every sports fan should experience at least once in their life?
How do you score an error on the manager? Bobby Valentine learns why you shouldn't text while riding a bike.
I’ve had this autographed baseball for years now—guess who it is? Hint: he just won the Triple Crown.
Bobby Valentine Says Farewell to the Red Sox
Can somebody explain lock outs in Sports recently? I know the NBA had a lock out, the NFLRA had a lock out, and now the NHL is having a lock out. Why are all these lock outs happening now?
Boxer Orlando Cruz a proud gay man
i don't know about you, but i'm really gonna be rooting for jackmerius tacktheritrix in this years' east/west collegiate bowl.
What's on your mind About Oregon and Alabama!?
Chiefs Fans Cheer Jamaal Charles turning a swing pass into a first down.  Matt Cassel was hurt on the play.
Jerry Sandusky releases audio statement on eve of sentencing hearing 
r/sports, which team do you believe have the fittest athletes in all of sport? How come?
Another Crazy Lacrosse Brawl!
Usain Bolt might try soccer after track.
How Armstrong Beat Cycling’s Drug Tests
Chris Gayle Funny Gangnam Style dancing West Indies vs England World Cup T20 27-9-2012 - YouTube
STL Cardinals rally squirrel vid from last year...he's baaack!
Gooo Irish!!!
Insane Suplex An Alabama Defensive Lineman Laid On A Missouri Running Back
On his birthday, Joe Girardi ejected in the top of the 8th inning
Fight For Your Teammates: GR Griffins Preseason 2012
Saints' Vilma allowed to play against the Bucs this week
We all need Wednesdays off. 1 day/wk. minus Football is important.
Anyone else feel this way tonight?
Kobe on Alex Rodriguez: He's one of the best to ever play.' I think really the difference is, sometimes he forgets he's the best. ... Where, I don't.
Racist football team says there was no racism against English players
I'm Canadian...why are some ppl from Canada die hard NFL fans?  What do you get out of cheering for a certain team like its life or death if they win?  Seems pretty Neanderthal IMO.  
Nike gives Lance Armstrong the boot...finally.
This guy makes the hell out of some cotton candy. 
Nevada judge agrees to reopen armed robbery, kidnapping case against O.J. Simpson 
Who are the top 10 most famous active athletes right now?
Coach Muschamp's feelings about the officials (UF vs. SCAR)
After a sack was made by Pierre Paul on the NYG, this happened...
Lance Armstrong’s legacy faces moment of truth.
Lance Armstrong asked to repay $7.5m bonus to insurance firm
Lance Armstrong stripped of all Tour De France medals
How does r/Sports feel about the whole thing being rigged?
World Series woes of a 4 year old
Who are the Cards?
David stern to retire in 2014
Let's remember the real World Series story of the night: Free Taco Bell tacos on Tuesday
James Harden traded to Rockets
Apparently not enough black guys on an NBA roster is now racist. and JJ Barea is now white.
When would be the best time to buy Orange Bowl tickets?
Las Vegas Sports Books got HAMMERED Yesterday....Chalk One up for the Small Parlay Guys!
As a Lakers fan, how many more losses do I need to see before I stop saying its early in the season and I'm not worried?
Hey Reddit, my high school football team (Burlington-Edison Tigers) could be on local TV Friday if we win enough votes in this poll. It's neck-and-neck. Help us out, it would mean a lot to me and my team! Vote for the Burlington vs. Orting game.
Shooting-victim El-Halabi set to box for world title
The President of The United States
Need help selling my sports cards
Free kick tekkers! - my weekly pickup game, off both posts to tie game.
Would anyone be interested in joining a community where you can post about what is wrong with your favorite sports teams?
Who the fuck was interviewing Pau Gasol last night? You're weird LA.
Toronto/Miami trade. We should care about this more as sports fans. these guys are crooks. Good listen. 
My thoughts on Current Clippers fans: From a Philosophical point of view.

Bachelor Party &amp; Rafting Trip
NFL's disability board concluded playing football caused brain injuries, even as officials issued denials for years - ESPN
Go Home ScoreCenter, You're Drunk.
Tony Romo - Future Hall of Fame Quarterback
Rutgers and Maryland talks to join the Big Ten could happen on Monday
Footballer Carlos Tevez' payslip, crazy
Kevin Durant has 25 points, 13 rebounds and 10 assists to lead Thunder over Warriors
Long drive champion Jamie Sadlowski destroys Golf Channel simulator 
Samantha Gordon on Wheaties box
Who's guarding Jack Taylor? 
If the world made sense today it would be the Patriots playing the Redskins. The Redskins would graciously allow the Pats to score on the opening kickoff and in return the Pats would bulldoze the stadium.
The middle one is my husband.
Two Iowa wrestlers suspended for...
When it's considered jumping on the bandwagon?
Cal Poly upsets #11 UCLA
New Subreddit: r/SportsMedia for links and discussion about the people that report on sports
There's an actual petition in the White House to remove Jerry Jones from the GM and Ownership roles. 
Novak Djokovic &amp; hot girls..he is so lucky!
Stoops new UK head football coach
After destroying Paralympic HQ and stadium in Gaza, Israel must not host UEFA tournaments
After reading the article on Tim Flannery, I thought of one of the greatest coaching moments ever - NBA coach Mo Cheeks help a girl sing the national anthem
What sports related opinion do you hold that might not be very popular.
Goals of the week
2012 Indian Girls Junior Rowing Nationals :Pair Finals
Say what you will about Tiger Woods but the man's got some heart
Northern Illinois Huskies earn Orange Bowl bid  
The player with the ball: 3.500.000€. The other three 
players combined: 86.000.000€.
DREAM TEAM?
Poor Tebow...
Flacco... not even the 4th best QB in his division.  So much for best in the league.
I plan on ordering the Pacquiao v. Marquez fight on Saturday ($70). Was wondering if there is any sort of discount/refund for an early round K.O.?
So UFC
There's just no place for this in sports.
What a nice way of putting it, NBC Sports.
If someone buys one of these tickets then I have some of that proverbial ocean front Arizona property to sell them.
Went to the US Women's National Soccer game and got more than I bargained for 
What city would be best for a new sports franchise?
Great article on Chelsea's defensive weak-link David Luiz and how he could possibly thrive in his new role
any cricket fans know what the different effect between a fast and slow pitch can have on a ball?
Future NBA Pros in HighSchool
This guys pretty legit at basketball..and oh yea, he only has one arm..
Must see football ending!

Skip to 2:33:12 to save time!
How well do you think Magic Johnson would have done if he had chosed to be a quarterback instead of a point guard?
Giants Playoff Scenario Is Bleak After Loss To Ravens
Annoying stereotypes about girls who loves sports
Texas Tech Punch
There's a Chinese EPO that has been released, I don't know its name but it can’t be found (in tests) and was definitely the queen of the Olympics.
A picturesque photo of how I saved the day when my girlfriend broke her binding shredding too hard
New York Giants Rip Eagles But Will Miss Playoffs
Victor Dukes dunk - incredible height and power.
My buddy's dad did this for the big game (x-post from r/CFB)
Goals of the week
Let there be Hockey!
NHL lockout is over but...
I like Lebron and Kobe. But MJ will always be the greatest. 
How I feel when everyone's talking about this game tonight
With the lockout coming to a close...Fah Q Dustin Brown!
MemeCreator.org - One does not simply Lose the national championship
Galatasaray Belek Kampında Çalışmalara Devam Ediyor 08.01.2013 Salı
Sacramento Kings sold to Seattle.
Top 10 Nations in Sporting Events Attended Yearly
I could see it.
After that abortion of a hall of fame vote
Is there such a thing as football without the stopping?
Australian cricket fan takes an amazing one-handed catch of a ball hit into the crowd. Turns out to be 16yo Australian football academy prospect Peter Spurling, who was also carrying burgers &amp; a drink!
Calvin Johnson didn’t get a unanimous All-Pro nomination. Why? Not enough wins.
Does anyone else still like Lance Armstrong and believe he is an amazing man in spite of everything? 
Florida fifth-grader starts for high school basketball team
Bodyline: 80 years of cricket's greatest controversy
Mid-pitch pitcher pictures
To all my fellow Football fans: My Son, the next star NFL kicker
This event in The Netherlands is so rare that when it's announced the whole country will be watching it
Guardiola agrees three-year deal with Bayern
Made this for a Bengals fan who was giving me (a Browns fan) shit about not being in the playoffs again this year.





I know that former ESPN Around the Horn panelist JayMariotti pleaded no contest to stalking and assault. But I enjoyed watching this show more with him as every TV show needs a bad guy. Are there any other Around the Horn fans out there?
Everyone can stop writing about Lance now, because Bonnie D. Ford has just knocked it out of the park.
Goals of the week
Why Should Spectators Care About Lance Armstrong and Doping In Sports? - Why not solve the future problem of gene doping and the current problem of steroid use in professional sports by creating two kinds of sports leagues? ...Let fans decide which play they prefer.
Dan Marino's pregame teleprompter goof
Could everyone pitch in a $1 to poor Phil Mickelson so he can keep playing golf and live in California?
Brand sponsorship of sporting mega-events
You'd never think scooters could ever be this cool... Validates a vote for Scooters in the X Games
Why do each of the major American sports league have right around 30 teams?
No.3 Syracuse Nips Cincy, Wins 35th Straight at Home
The Hilarious Story of American Football Abroad 
MLB and the DEA investigate massive PED web in South Florida
In Soviet Russia...
My friend is a World sprint canoe champion from NS Canada, but she can't get funding because she's a girl - can we show her some love?
Garrett McNamara Article &amp; Vid of 100ft Waves in Portugal
More cheating in the world of sports? How am I not surprised.
Would you guys mind giving my dude John Caprio some love? He plays for Georgetown's basketball teams, and was best friends with my late brother in elementary school. He finally got some minutes tonight and I talked to his family about the game.
Pro Athletes don't have TV on their planes, but I do. What am I missing?
Good Guy Beckham - Donating 100% of salary to children's charity
I knew it was a bad idea for Lebron to leave Cleveland
An Oral History of The Super Bowl Shuffle
Caron Butler steals the ball for a lay-up and-one in the final seconds of the Clippers/Raptors game...They were down by 27 points. 
If you were a wrestling fan in 1997 you know this song. SWEEEEEEEEEET!
Did Ray Lewis murder someone outside an Atlanta nightclub in 2000?
True story. I am not a sport oriented person...
Ravens WIN!!!
What I absolutely can't understand about Ray Lewis hate
Newcastle defender Danny Simpson knocked out in Manchester street fight
As a European seeing all these Super Bowl posts 
NFL says no indication Beyonce show caused Super Bowl outage
/r/StreetHockey - For anyone who plays roller/street/floor hockey and to help grow the sport!
Whenever Jim blows up, this is all I hear ...
Milan exec uses racist slur in describing Balotelli, sports media feign outrage
Coach K's letter to MJ
Watch Out Lebron
What are the best sports articles you've ever read?
Magpies in the clear: McGuire
Van Andel Arena in Grand Rapids
Blake griffin dunk of the year
Will never see this again in my lifetime.
Petition to protest food and beverage tax increase to pay for mostly unknown improvements for Carolina Panthers stadium 
Olympic Games - WADA - Most doping materials made in China
An absolutely amazing video
Serious debate: Why is Dick Vitale employed? 
Why I love the Kansas Jayhawks basketball team (Harlem Shake video)
My rugby team doing the Harlem Shake
The Associated Press is launching a series called The Dirty Game: A six-month, multiformat investigation into how organized crime is besieging the world of soccer, fixing hundreds of games to generate billions in betting profits.
Video: Squash Ballet. Because this is how we dance
Crime inside NFL stadiums hidden from police. Investigation finds that many local police departments are helping the NFL's cause, by either failing to create crime reports or underreporting incidents that occur in the stands and nearby parking lots during football games.
We were going to do a Harlem Shake like everyone else - instead we had a hockey play race a bear on scooters.
Johnny Manziel of Texas A&amp;M Aggies adjusting to post-Heisman fame 
Police say testosterone, needles found in Oscar Pistorius' bedroom
Lance Armstrong says no again to USADA, requests International Tribunal
Paul Ralston, play-by-play announcer, suspended after saying 'choke job' during North Dakota basketball game  
First female applicant on the NFL Combine!
Oscar Pistorius granted bail by magistrate Desmond Nair, not a flight risk
George Brett sh*ts his pants
Daytona crash sends car parts flying, injuring fans 
MONDAY MORNING HANGOVER-OSCARS EDITION
Double Olympic gold medallist Mo Farah asked by US TV presenter: 'Haven't you run before?'
Stay thirsty my friends, football always awaits.
Dbag Alert: Junior Hockey Coach Trips Player in Handshake Line
Do you think there will ever be another renowned sport?
Extreme Athlete trying to make a name for himself!
Jesus Christ Desmond Bryant has a thick neck
First time posting! What does Reddit think of my new bike?
The Sports Guy breaks down the best contracts in basketball
Magic Johnson offers LeBron James $1 million to do dunk contest
 Craziest Buzzer Beater Ever!
Justin Verlander says he wouldn't mind an openly gay teammate.  Keep in mind he also said he wouldn't leave Detroit for $200 million bucks.
Jamal Crawford thru the legs alley-oop, Blake Griffin windmill dunk GIF
Richard Sherman to Skip Bayless; I'm better at life than you.
What athlete or celeb would you most like to play in a video game? Thinking of someone you love or hate?
Going Pro: American Soccer: A trailer for an upcoming documentary that follows the Premier Development League's Brooklyn Knights soccer team over the 2012 season.
Won these three autographs at a Tricky Tray (Chinese Auction/Raffle) that I went to with my mom last night. Needless to say I was pretty happy.
Philippines Basketball Player strangles own teammate
Chad Johnson is an option to be on the Madden Cover. This could be amazing.
This Is SportsCenter - Star Wars
Backward culture makes punch line of Brandon Knight for trying to stop DeAndre Jordan's dunk
What are some things that people do while you watch sports that drive you crazy?
Slamball Dunk Contest 2008
TRON hockey.
A Night When Barcelona Banished All Doubts: Barcelona 4, A.C. Milan 0
Student cheering sections playing head games with foes
That must be a red card! Moment Swiss soccer player was bitten as he caught pine marten that invaded pitch (x-post:r/soccer)
The Pakistani squash star who had to pretend to be a boy
What is one story you want to see made into an ESPN 30 for 30 film?
Cyclist hits antelope at 37 mph during race
The Odds in Vegas: Not Good
I love March Madness
Needing a football fix from March to September?  The Australian Football League (AFL) begins this weekend.  Interested, but have no idea about the sport, or where to begin supporting it?  Watch this.
New FIU Basketball Court
Crazy martial arts KO
Confirmed: UCLA's Mohammed's father lies about son age, really a year older, helping to ensure domination and college scholarship as high school player
The Official Website of Ft. Myers, Florida has changed their city caption to read Dunk City, Florida
Hey Reddit. I'm a 21 y/o college student and I've got a sports talk internet radio show on my college campus I just started up. Could you tune-in and tell us what you think?
Urinal Gaming? Well, that's sure to make a huge splash!
As someone who doesn't know much about soccer, why does that one guy on Spain have a white thing on his head?
Di Maria &amp; Messi struggle to breathe in Bolivia vs Argentina
Iginla traded to Boston
Bill Simmons on the Heat's streak
Kobe Passes Wilt for 4th Place on the NBA All-Time Scoring List
First thing I thought of after watching Kevin Ware's gruesome injury...
How bad is the Kevin Ware injury when compared to other awful injuries in the history of sports?
How bad is the Kevin Ware injury when compared to other awful injuries in the history of sports?
Penguins' Sidney Crosby released from hospital
Rutgers statement on firing of men's basketball coach Mike Rice
Mike Rice fired by Rutgers after ESPN report on abusive practices
I know it was a bad injury, but come on...
Kevin Ware T-shirt debacle another example of why NCAA's business model is under attack
That time is oddly specific
Nebraska Cornhuskers shows the true meaning of a team. Allowing a 7 year old boy with brain cancer to run a touchdown
My sister was involved with two NCAA basketball championship winning teams. Can you decide which ring belongs to the Women's team?
Scumbag Masters Coverage
Dear Reddit, who is the best all around player to ever play in the NFL?
Being from Green Bay..all I can think about regarding a new contract for Rodgers
Watch this golf cart at Cowboys stadium plow over about 7 people.
This man is a true American hero.
Just wait for the slow motion replay!
Yahoo Sports finally using GIFs instead of annoying videos that never load correctly. Here's Adam Scott's winning putt.
Today I went to the White House to see the 2012 Alabama Crimson Tide Football team meet President Obama at the White House. (x-post from r/CFB)
Yankee Stadium - United We Stand with Boston Red Sox
A moment of your time to take a survey?
Former Rutgers coach Mike Rice receives $475,000 settlement
This kid is 14 years old. Seventh Woods.
PEOPLE ARE AWESOME / SPORT EDITION [HD]
Everyone's had this happen at one point or another. That moment when you stand there and go...fuck.
Go home ESPN, you're drunk!
My team at their first D1 lacrosse game, so intense
Mike Shanahan: Robert Griffin III Never Plays If He's Not 100 Percent
2013 Top NHL prospect Seth Jones (first african-american top pick?)
This is Sportscenter: Clayton Kershaw
Two champions of the club, Tim and Jobe Watson talk after a massive win over their old rivals in front of over 93,000 spectators (AFL)
Lane Johnson already having some fun with the Philadelphia media
Well, ESPN sure is relieved
Sports TV shows
NHL Playoffs 2013
ESPN doesn't have a single mention of Jason Collins' coming out as the first gay athlete in a major sport.
In response to Jason Collins coming out, Miami WR Mike Wallace has the first homophobic tweet thus far..
Guess what currently active NBA player is in 3rd place for all-time 3pt'ers made. Hint: early on, he was often criticized for his lack of a jump shot.
Teen player arrested after critically injuring soccer referee.
Kareem on What He Wished He'd Known: Basically, I was a secret nerd who just happened to also be good at basketball.
Sign and share this petition to David Stern demanding that he bring the Sonics and the NBA back to Seattle.
Danny Garcia hit on Zab Judah picture taken at the perfect time
I want to see the Blackhawks destroy the Ducks.
The official instrument of the 2014 World Cup
like soccer videos come check this out most insane and inspirational videos i have seen..
And I'm even from Pittsburgh...
Poor Tebow, even God isn't on his side.
if Chicago bulls won a championship this year, how does it make Derrick Rose look!?
Titus Young was arrested twice in a 15-hour span Sunday
Why I want a Sharks-Penguins Stanley Cup Final
Nail-Biting Final Minutes of Playoff Game 5 Between the Leafs and Bruins. Recorded Live Above the Air Canada Centre, the Crowed is Intense!
As Americans, how do you cope with all of the advertising during live sport?
The Players Championship -- Tiger Woods trails leader Sergio Garcia by 1 - ESPN
My story on a 12-year-old's year at IMG, a sports academy in Florida where the tuition is north of $60,000 per year
Houston Astros' CEO and President George Postolos resigns
Take Me Out To the Ball Game - Play Ball
Diego Maradona kicks a photographer &amp; throws stones at paparazzi on Argentina return
Perfect timing on a varial kickflip.
Arrest warrant issued for former NFL player Chad Johnson
HILARIOUS! Viktor Troicki goes mental over umpire call v Ernests Gulbis in ATP Rome
No one is better at football then this guy!!!!! Cool vid.
Sliding into first is already embarrassing enough...
ESPN Has to Lay People Off Because It Pays So Much for Sports Rights
Help a buddy of mine cover his expenses while playing ball this season Reddit. f you can please donate to Terry McClain Jr. or the entire team. He is paying for it all out of his pocket any help is greatly appreciated.
Indy 500 Crash Videos Tribute I spent my weekend making. If you're a racing fan watch it!
Miami Heat game seat hopping fail...
Keep up the good work NCAA!
Boo! [x-post from /r/gifs]
Phoenix Coyotes player Paul Bissonette finds someone's lost wallet and seeks him out via Twitter to get it back to him
Former dual rugby code international Henry Paul given task of converting American football players to union for American Barbarians team to take on London Irish
Survey for school: Do you think should kids be allowed to participate in MMA? Thanks so much
Fun With Balls 4; Not really a sport but cool trickshots all the same! Look out for the 12 year old with the rugby ball he's great!
American Justin Gatlin edges Usain Bolt in 100
Tiger Woods, Rory McIlroy, &amp; Adam Scott are grouped together for the first two days of the 2013 U.S. Open
David Cornwell eligible to play
Titus Young released from jail
If Secretariat ran the Belmont this year, he would of won by 33 lengths over Palace Malace
I hate the playoffs by Alex Rodriguez
Sports standings that show you the actual odds, expressed as a percentage, that your team will make the playoffs
Alabama (16) Begins Preparations for Georgia (22)
Just call Dice-K Dipsy
Vote on what to do with Barry Bonds 756th Home Run Ball: Give it to Cooperstown, Brand it with an Asterisk, or Blast it into space
Graph of each MLB team's chance of making the playoffs over the course of the 2007 season
Dark days in the NFL
Eric Gagne blows another one
dear reddit: does anyone know why the colts kicked off twice? the announcers were too busy talking nonsense to explain what was going on.
Top 10 Perfectly Timed Sports Pictures
San Diego Chargers Cheerleaders
Court rules that fantasy baseball company doesn't have to pay MLB to use names and stats
A-Rod: A Bargain at $300 Million?
Joe Torre's Revenge
Kimi Raikkonen wins Formula One drivers' championship
The Cleveland Plain Dealer Publishes the Article they Would Have if the Indians Had Won
White Noise: Whitlock on NFL Color Lines
Arsenal 7 - 0 Slavia Prague (The goals)
United Countries of Baseball [Image]
The disease all sports fans should be wary of
Runner Dies During Olympic Marathon Trials
NAVY takes down NOTRE DAME for the first time since 1944
[NFL] Patriots win against Colts in the clash of unbeatens (video)
Liverpool's Turkish Delight
Robin van Persie Top 13 Goals
Just in time for all the college football rivalry games - RivalJokes.com!  It will generate all the standard college football jokes using any two, user selected teams
Amgen Bike Tour Announces 2008 Route
Opinion on the Ferrari FS 599 SUV from a racing instructor
Winter Is Near Inflate Your Hot Air Balloon
The Fastest Corvette Ever Built (w/ Pics, Video)
UPDATED: Sean Taylor Reportedly in Coma After 6 Hours of Surgery. (This site has constant updates)
Does setting your own parachute on fire count as crazy?[video]
Movie planned about Bonds and steroids 
400 On Your SAT? You Are In
The case for canceling college football's national title game.
The Wrong Ball Football Play - Video
The NCAA football tourney that should have happened
College Football Head Coaches: Kill Or Be Killed
Greg Gasson: American Badass Skydiver
Upvote to request the Sports Reddit Alien be changed to number 21 from 26
Schumacher: Germany's fastest taxi driver
Breaking News: Falcons Coach Bobby Petrino Resigns
Let the racket do the talking: Your winning brand
Cricket: India clinch Test series against Pakistan
IOC formally strips Marion Jones of 5 medals, wipes her name from the record books
Tejada named in Mitchell Report - Roberts, Knoblauch, Clemens, Justice also implicated
MLB Mitchell Report &lt;PDF&gt;
Name One Sports Movie and the Year it Came Out. Nothing More.
Chris Evert to wed golfer Norman
It took an Overtime, but the Miami Dolphins did something damn near Impossible: They won a Football Game!
New England now 14-0:  their Quest for Perfection continues. 
Why Is It So Hard For Pro Athletes To Retire?
If you want to rid Major League Baseball of human growth hormone: legalize it
NCAA to Bloggers: Too Many Posts and You’re Out! - New York Times
[NBA] Lakers still want Kidd
Dr. Z's NFL Power Ranking for 12/26/2007: While Pats seek perfection, other teams fight for life
Muscle Building Revealed |how to build muscle fast, weight training
Randy Moss walks a tightrope into the endzone [video]
Boss Allardyce leaves Newcastle
7 Feet 7 and 360 Pounds, With Bigger Feet Than Shaq’s 
Why Cristiano Ronaldo is NOT the greatest player in the world
1972 Dolphins vs. 2007 Patriots -- Which undefeated team would win?
Upset that his 7-year-old son wouldn't wear a Green Bay Packers jersey during the team's playoff victory Saturday, a man restrained the boy for an hour with tape and taped the jersey onto him.
List of nicknames for 240 current nba players
Manning face
Tito Ortiz To Fight Lyoto Machida Then Leave The UFC
Dallas sports teams are cursed
Brady Regrets Fashion Statement
A Crash Course in Moneyball
Reggie Bush Is Not Alone
ESPN Sports Center Top 10 Plays of The Day for 01/26/2008 [Video]
Marc D'Amico: Playing for Playing's Sake
Big Brother will be watching during Euro 2008
Where did all those gorgeous Russians come from?
This Super Bowl, we got a band from the future [pic caption]
 Clemens shows up at Astros camp
The Bud Bowl: A Definitive History
UFC 83 Tickets Sale Starts Sunday
An NFLTravesty:  Ryan Seacrest to Co-host Super Bowl
Athletic Financial Aid: Don't Hate
The Patriots Spy Scandal- Just a matter of a poorly written rule?
UFC 81 Fight Results
How Many Races Has Rubens Barrichello Driven?
Best Super Bowl Commercials of all Time
Go Giants!  Down With The Unlawful Videotapers!!
Superbowl 42 question: WTF is up with the dark helmets w/light jersies &amp; vice/versa?
Belichick walks off field early.  Poor sport or no big deal???
Eyes on the Beijing Olympics- Why It Matters To The Average Cho
How the Brits saw the Super Bowl
Interesting Golf Statistic Roils PGA
We love you NY! Lets destroy it now! [video]
Brian McNamee's Evidence: Roger Clemens' DNA ?
Pedro Martinez: Cockfight Enthusiast
Bill Belichick: I wasn't really sure of the time left on the clock
Pedro Martinez caught on video at a cockfight in the Dominican Republic. Can reddit find me the pulled YouTube video?
If Pedro were a Yankee
Roddick Wins But Trashes Courts - the worst I've played on in the Davis Cup
Brian McNamee Says He Gave Roger Clemens' Wife Steroids
The Belichick Complex - I am a whiny bitch.
How Hockey Sticks Are Made - Video
Raise Your Hand if You Don't Think Roger Clemens is Lying...
Kimbo Slice Vs Tank Abbott Fight Video EliteXC Street Certified
 Hamann Introduces BMW X5 Flash
Western Domination: A College Baseball Preview
 More Pics of 2009 Mitsubishi Eclipse GT and Eclipse Spyder
In the Jungle Again with Jim Rome
The State of Indiana
With the Stock Market Down, Perhaps (Baseball) Diamonds Are a Good Place to Invest
Tampa Bay's vision for their new baseball stadium [Pic Slideshow]
Kellie Young: Starting from Scratch
The Nature of the Beast
Taking the Soft Out of Club Softball
A Very Softball Story
Looking Back at the Combine
Usmanov looks to reassure Arsenal fans of takeover intentions
Women's college hoops may be top-heavy, but this years tournament in South Florida will feature several teams capable of winning it all.
If you want to watch the UFC PPV that's on right now, read here.
 Toyota Corolla Test Drive
Sports Wife from Hell Joumana Kidd Gets Hustled
The Best Appetizer for March Madness
Lamborghini Gallardo LP560-4 At ‘08 Geneva
 ‘08 Geneva - Mitsubishi Prototype S
 ‘08 Geneva - BMW M3 Cabriolet
John Daly spent a 2 1/2-hour rain delay in a Hooters corporate tent and when play resumed, he had Jon Gruden caddie for him the rest of the day. 
Not Dressed to Impress
1955 Mercedes-Benz 300SL Gullwing Coupe
College Hockey's Most Thrilling Goals
Rider Breaks Neck And Dies At 24 hours Of Dubai Race
The Saddest Thing is HGH Won't Even Help Your Game
What Happened to the Heat?
If Tiger Woods wins this week (he's in 2nd right now) he'll go over 18,000 FedEx Cup points. Last year that would have been good for 3rd place for the entire season.
College Basketball Goes International
Gabriel Gonzaga Vs. Mirko “Cro Cop” Filipovic UFC 70 Video
Bush Booed at Washington Nationals Home Opener [Vid]
The sport’s most mythic achievement is Joe DiMaggio’s 56-game hitting streak.  We decided to calculate how unlikely the achievement really was.
The Businessman Who Finds Time to Fight
Brett Favre retired? Maybe not
Ovechkin sets NHL record in Caps' win
Just Because It's Worth Watching Again Every So Often...
Roger Federer wins first title of year
West Point player drafted by Lions chooses NFL over Iraq. Douchebag sports writer blasts him for it.
A Tribute to a Racing Legend
Jessica Simpson Makes Crash Landing to Save Cowboys From The Draft
Lightning bolt
Robo-Keeper - can technology make goalkeepers obsolete?
Another witness backs up Cedric Benson's side of the story
Charles Barkley is a dumbass? He says so himself [Video]
The Best of Manny Being Manny [Video]
Big Brown's jockey on a mission 
Barkley Promises to Quit Gambling
Manny Being Masher
Vince Young apologizes for drunk, sweaty, shirtless photos
Euro 2008 Stadiums
UFC 84: Tito's Farewell to the UFC
Beckham Makes 70 Yard Goal
MMA Double Knockout ... Again!!!
WWE Chairman Vince McMahon Promotes 'RAW' with $1 Million Giveaway
Larry Bird and Kevin McHale, SPIT HOT FIRE
Legendary Sportscaster Jim McKay Dies at 86
Carlos Zambrano Goes Ballistic on a Pair of Water Coolers (video)
China Reveals Restrictions on Olympic Visitors
Euro 2008 : Switzerland 1-2 Turkey (Switzerland out)
Steven Gerrard and Alex Curran skip Wayne Rooney's wedding to hang by the pool in Miami
No pain, no gain.
France 0-2 Italy &amp; Netherlands 2-0 Romania
Celtics Rout Lakers - the Celtics were persistent, and unified, staying true to the South African theme — 'ubuntu'— they established last fall.
Spain over Italy for first time in 88 years in competitive match....in a shootout.
Hooker wins 100-meter qualifier in 10.76 seconds
For Magic Johnson, the NBA was only halftime.
Priscilla Tuft  looks great in a bikini so she should work nicely as a WWE Diva
Terrance Kiel, Former San Diego Chargers Player Died in Crash
Nadal beat Fedrer to win Wimbledon. 4-6 4-6 7-6 7-6 7-9 
Ana Ivanovic takes her sexy self to the pages of FHM
Bloodless Bullfighting?
Unprofessional Foul: Newcastle United falls into the hands of terrorists!
With luck, a Rocky Landing
Don't Worry about the game son
 Hamilton delivers on promise: 71-year-old Clay Council will pitch to the All-Star during MLB's Home Run Derby
Papelbon: I should close the AS Game!  - What a dumb ass
After 15 innings and 4 hours 50 minutes of baseball the A.L. wins
Reporter catches cricket ball with face
After playing her best golf of the year, Michelle Wie DQed for not signing her scorecard
 Disgruntled Jason Taylor goes to the  Redskins 
WNBA Brawl (Video)
Chicago's 2016 Olympic Bid and WSC
Sports Psychologist aims to release potential within the KC Royals.  Good Luck.
Griffey Shipped Off To The White Sox
Legendary Braves Announcer Skip Caray Dead at 68
Top Ten Reasons Why Football Is Better Than Baseball
 Mark Cuban Will Pay $1.3 Billion for Lou Piniella’s Tight Pants &amp; The Cubs
NFL implements new code of conduct for fans at games
Fomer Sudan lost boy to carry U.S. flag in Olympic opening ceremonies.
White House pushing China to ‘reconsider’ ban on Olympian Joey Cheek.
1992 Barcelona - archer lights the Olympic flame
Top 10 toughest places to play college football
Pasta and pizza? That's Phelps' gold-medal secret?
Can we please stop fussing over every new Olympic record?
Nba: Which NBA Player Was Hitting On Kara Goucher?
China's Gold Medals Have Abnormally High Lead Content
Phelp's Wins 7th gold by 1/100th of a Second
Beijing Olympian Runs in Memory of His Best Friend
How many medals??? - an interactive overview from Beijing
Santana Throws Complete Game Shutout as Mets Sit atop NL East
Olympic Fringe Sports Have Their Fans
Introducing the most overrated 'overrated list' of all-time ...
Rafael Nadal break dances when he wins gold medals!
Michael Phelps Hot On Sports Illustrated
LeBron James And Chris Paul Pick On College Kids
Leryn Franco is the hottest Olympian...she might be a lousy javelin thrower, but she has the best bikini body at the Olympics.
Top 5 Pep Talks In Sports Movie History
The Wild Sex Scene at the Olympic Village
Weird Olympics photos
“You made a lot of Chinese have their dreams broken,” says Chinese Coach to Player 
Lots of great and weird pictures from the Olympics (VERY long)
How Google Earth Helped Win A Gold Medal
An Open Letter to the Ding Dong 
To Jay Mariotti: a guide to write sports online
My True Love Is Football
What happens when autism meets surfing? You get ace tube rider, 19-year-old Clay Marzo
Koby Clemens, 2 other players arrested - MLB - Yahoo! Sports
Skydivers Deliver Gameball to Wrong Stadium . . . Where’s the Thank You?
20 pull-ups program
Dante Culpepper Retires From NFL
NBA rookies Chalmers, Arthur expelled from orientation program
UFC Champ Evan Tanner Found Dead
Hitler reacts to the UCLA Loss
Top 5 Reasons to Not Feel Sorry for Tom Brady
Ken Shamrock Thinks Kimbo Is Moving Up Too Fast, Vows to Expose Him
 Baseball's UK heritage confirmed 
Top 10 NFL team fans that aren't real happy right about now
Watch Gerrard's Stunning Goal in Today's Champions League
Sure Phelps is good, But can you really compare these two guys?
Handjob Caught on ESPN [VIDEO]
  Kirk Herbstreit’s Extreme Tan Removed From Bus
Matt Millen is horrible at his job. Still.
Spygate again? Notre Dame caught breaking the rules this time
Chelsea Vs Manchester United Live &amp; Highlights
Cristiano Ronaldo's girlfriend is a £2,000-a-night hooker 
10 things we learned from the NFL on Sunday
NFL Beatpaths:  Week three
Former ‘washed up’ minor leaguer killed girlfriend’s cat out of jealousy (plus creepy videos)
Josh Howard of the Dallas Mavericks during National Anthem: “Star spangled is going on right now — I don’t even celebrate that shit. I’m black, god damnit! Barack Obama!” [with video] 
Erin Andrews Is More Popular Than Oregon State ... Even When Oregon State Beats USC
Yet another chick who slept with Cristiano Ronaldo (w/bikini pics!)
Funny Video, F1 Racer leaves gas nozzle in car, Massa Pit Stop Accident @ Singapore 2008
Did the Chicago Cubs ever have a live mascot?? Yes!
New York Rangers bury Bern hockey team
Dysfunctional Bunch: Fall of the Raiders  
Vote up if you feel fat man sports are for true athletes
The MLB playoffs are chock full of badly planned game times and penis-oriented commercials.
National Geographic, NFL Wide Receiver Mashup. Cool Post 
Jury finds O.J. guilty on all charges against him
Brewers considering surprise run to keep Sabathia
Why OJ Simpson Can't Go To Jail
IOC Retesting All Beijing Olympic Doping Samples
Cubs fan's loyalty for sale on eBay
Leryn Franco's topless catwalk pics should cinch her title as hottest Olympian EVER
Redskins TE Chris Cooley vs. Onstar [VIDEO]
Hank Steinbrenner tells reporter that if you're not him or his brother Hal, you're just a piss-ant employee
Northwestern Can't Sell Tickets Whether It Wins or Not
Tony Romo has a broken pinkie on his throwing hand and will be out four weeks
Browns return to Monday night football. Provide Giant upset.
8 things John Madden can do on his weekend off
Phillies’ Matt Stairs Gets His Ass Hammered By Guys?
Yankees Fire Third-Base Coach, Pitching Instructor
Former San Diego Lineman Chris Mims Found Dead
10 Reasons the Dallas Cowboys Will Miss the Playoffs... Again
The 8 Most Baffling Sports From Around The World
LaDainian Tomlinson, Reggie Bush... it's all the same to the English
Ashley Todd + Tennessee Vols = LOSERS
Texas hangs on to No. 1 with tough win over OSU  
 Navy runs, runs, runs, eschews a pass or two  
The sexiest baseball fan ever?
Philadelphia wins 2008 World Series...again....
Shattered Glass! - Biggest Hockey Hits of the Season
Unruly Philly Fans Really Want New Luggage
NFL looking to expand to 18 regular-season games
Whim of Backmarker Decides F1 Championship
Pistons trade Billups and McDyess for Iverson
Texas Tech Stuns Texas.  Fans storm the field twice before it's over.  (vid)
Life of Reilly: Wooden never made more than $35,000 a year, including 1975, the year he won his 10th national championship, and never asked for a raise.
Quinn replaces Anderson as Browns starting QB
Miss! MISS!!! [PIC]
Epic High School Football Catch 
Sorry Joe Pa
As the NCAA Moves the Men's Three-Point Line Back, Teams Brace for a Change in The Way the Game Is Played
Tim Hightower Destroys the Visor of Mark Roman, MNF Video
'Bama continues 'revenge tour' 
Doug Glanville was a pretty good pro baseball player. He also has an engineering degree from Penn. And he writes a really smart (and funny) sports column
CEO John Rogers Beat Michael Jordan, New Video
Firejoemorgan.com Calls it Quits 
In a shocking development, younger, much larger guy beats up older, smaller guy who hadn't fought in 15 months to win UFC heavyweight championship (w/videos)
Hall of Fame Basketball Coach Pete Newell Has Died at Age 93
T.O.'s Finding Fitness: Making the Mind, Body, and Spirit Connection for Total Health: Terrell Owens, Buddy Primm, Courtney Parker, Jerry Rice: Books
Michael Phelps and Why We Love to Watch Him Win 
] Leinart Dumped CAA Because Fellow CAA Client Peyton Manning Got To Host SNL Before He Did
Buck stops here for Oklahoma's Big Game Bob - College Football
William Gallas loses Arsenal captaincy following his attack on team-mates
Ed Reed breaks his own NFL record by returning an interception 108 yards for a TD. (vid including chase camera)
Favre, Jets hand Titans first loss of the season
Monday Night Football Review
Iowa fans do it in the bathroom
 Iowa Fans Busted Having Sex in Metrodome Bathroom (guess best filed under sports)
F1 boss plans scoring revolution
England team decides to fly home from India
Report: Knicks suspend Stephon Marbury 
Report: Tennessee Vols Hire Lane Kiffin as Head Coach
Tackling a dream, Downs Syndrome doesn't stop kid from playing football 
(pic) Ocho Cinco makes his way through the Best Buy store in Florence, Ky. He said was in the store to buy coach Marvin Lewis a gift.
Steelers' defense stifles Patriots 33-10 -
Ronaldo scoops best player award
Ballesteros has fourth operation
Notre Dame's Coach Weis to Stick Around
After worst loss to Alabama since 1962, Tommy Tuberville no longer the coach at Auburn
Pic:  Clinton Portis is 2 Legit 2 Quit
NFL Goes On Nationwide Crime Spree As Plaxico Burress Creates Diversion
Kevin Love Dunks on Vince Carter: Ow!
Eagles upset Super Bowl champion New York Giants
The Yankees and CC Sabathia have reached a preliminary agreement 
The 2010-11 Ultimate Race Around the World  will feature a prize pot of over $2.5 million dollars
10 THINGS MORE STABLE THAN A NBA HEAD COACHING POSITION
Mets get Putz as set-up man in huge trade
A List of Nations That Are Less Wealthy Than the Yankees New Fat Ass $160 Million Pitcher, CC Sabathia
Who is the worst team in the NBA? A discussion of mediocrity
Pay-to-win? Yankees nab Sabathia + are poised to add more. This is one team that clearly has been granted economic immunity by the proper authorities. (Stark)
Female football fans and more
How is Ilgauskas behind seven centers in the East All-Star balloting?
Liverpool stumble again
Sam Bradford Wins Heisman
Lady Vols Fighting Uphill Battle
Top Five Goals From The NHL Weekend
I'm Guessing My 35-4 Record in EA NCAA 2007 Is Going To Get Me This Job
Cup Stacking a sport... you decide! (Video)
Auburn favors mediocrity over diversity...even Charles Barkley sees it: Out of all the coaches they interviewed, Chizik probably had the worst résumé. (Barkley)
Infamous Hot Tub Photos For Sale on Ebay!
Sweet skills on the ice - Jason Blake's highlight real shootout goal
Sports Blog: What do the Vikings do?
Tony Romo Missed Terrell Owens' Birthday Party Because 'I Couldn't Walk'
New Mexico Bowl: Colorado State vs. Fresno State
Kevin Pietersen hits century for England but India claim crucial late wickets
Some achievements can never be duplicated | FanNation
Well, there's always next week...0-15
Burress was driving without insurance before crash 
Think your city has had a bad year? Think again... (unless your city is Seattle)
Legs aren't supposed to bend that way...
2008 Sports Dummies of the Year Awards
Blackhawks win record 9th straight
Dear Denver Broncos, Hire Hochuli
Canada Beats Pants Off Russia at World Juniors!
FIFA World Player of 2008 Shirtless 
At Least Colt McCoy Still Has A Smoking Hot Girlfriend
Leigh Teixeira: Mark Teixeira's Wife Talks About Signing with Yankees
The Big Ten freaking sucks and so does the BCS system
Tebow should write Leviticus 15:19-30 on his eye black
Ravens edge Titans 13-10
the loudest silence you have ever heard.
One-armed shark attack girl runner up in world surfing championship
Myron Rolle: Rhodes Scholar for da' dolla!
Our tax dollars get Joe Buck and Troy Aikman to the game safely
Politicians other than Pgh mayor who should alter their names in the name of hometown favorites.
Pete Carroll is such a prick  -- Sanchez opts out of his 5th year -- and Carroll is not happy
South St. Paul Examiner: Minnesota Gophers stagger Wisconsin in OT triumph
Pete Carroll Embarrasses Himself &amp; USC In His Ungenerous  Reaction To Mark Sanchez's Decision to Enter NFL
Peter Schmeichel - Soccer Player Profile
Super Surprise:  Cardinals Soar
New England Patriots Examiner: Steelers beat Ravens, win the right to pummel the Cardinals in the Super Bowl
While McGahee was motionless, party music played
Arnold Palmer Sends Personal Invite to 17-Year Old Japanese Phenom For AP Invitational
Best Basketball Dunks
Rod Marinelli shows his true colors
Brady says Rehab is Going Extremely Well
Win a Superbowl Prize Pack!
Frank Caliendo Weighs in on Charles Barkley’s New Problems, Funny Video
The Gizzy Racing Team out of Elwood, IN has lost a beloved member of their team
Kay Yow, Longtime NC State Women's Basketball Coach -- &amp; Inspiration to Millions -- Dies of Cancer - ESPN
The Ultimate Sports Lover
Alex Ovechkin and others at the Breakaway Challenge - NHL All Star Skills Competition
This is why NFL Films is awesome 
I present to you ” Dr. Ahmad Rashad “, Funny Video
Eat my shorts Beckham &lt;Video&gt;
year's most Interesting sports pictures
Whaaaat?  Kurt Warner draws what God looks like to him  (video)
The 7 Most Awful Super Bowl Ads Ever
Steelers up 17-7 on the Cards at half-time of the Super Bowl
Detroit TV station shows their displeasure with former Lions GM Matt Millen by running a not too subtle ticker during Super Bowl pre-game show
Kobe Drops 61 At the Garden 
American Football MMORPG
Lakers Are Injury Prone
The winning play of the SuperBowl in gif form.
IU's Crean suspends leading scorer Dumes indefinitely after ejection
Brazil vs Italy live soccer pc stream Friendly match
Carmelo Anthony Sick Crossover on Vince Carter, VC walks away in shame, Video, 2-7-09
Lots of Reasons to Love Gary Payton on TNT (Videos)
Bump &amp; Run: NFL Cornerback Sued for Impropriety at His Salon
Selig on A-Rod: 'Shamed the game'
8 Players Banned From Baseball Not Named Pete Rose 
Allen Iverson Cuts His Hair 
Dwight Howard Pranks on other NBA players, 2009 NBA All Star Weekend
JACKSON,TN-March 7th Flag Football Tournament
Kobe Bryant, Name that Bad Rap Song Game
Shaq &amp; Billups Blindfolded Free-Throw Record Attempt
Now a Reddit for Sports Blogs &lt; Join, vote, submit, see what hot in the sports blogosphere
Der Junge, der mit dem Ball tanzt
Boston Celtics Examiner: Celtics not done dealing yet
Hamels lists Mets as least threatening team, just below Puppy Bowlers
Alex Rodiguez Linked to Banned MLB Trainer Angel Presinal During His 2007 MVP Season With the Yankees
The Complete History of the NFL Super Bowl
Dwight Howard Shoots a 75-footer in Pre-game Warmup... And Hit the Shot!
Derrick Brooks and Warrick Dunn Cut
MVP Franchises: 5 Informative Lists of the Most Valuable Sports Teams &amp; Deals
After Almost 9 Months from Golf, Tiger Returns.  And Dominates.
Marbury and Garnett ready to party like old times
Who Is This Sidney Crosby Guy? (Video)
Cricket was born in Belgium - expert
This Day in History -- Wilt Scores 100
Is anyone desperate enough to sign T.O. now?
Dallas Cowboys Release Terrell Owens
Give Me A Home, Where T.O. Roams
2009 Fantasy Baseball Preview
Championship Week Primer: Bubble teams and #1 seeds
Liverpool 4-0 Real Madrid
Meet The Newest Excuse For Not Being Able To Control Your Players: The Salary Cap
Ha! Even PFT is reporting that Jon Stewart smacked Cramer down!
Chinese Wrestler Bites Opponent During Match
Top 25 SI covers of the 80s
A Sports Bloggers view from the Press Box for the first time.
Big Blue vs Pistol Pete, Mascot Fight, Video
When March Went Mad: Interview with Author and CBS Sports Analyst Seth Davis
Jimmy Rollins Impersonates Rickey Henderson, Funny Video
South Africa the host for the 2009 Champions Trophy Cricket competition. 
Brodeur Sets New NHL Win Record
The Celtics injuries are officially ridiculous
Top Ten March Madness Buzzer Beaters
ESPN's printable brackets are much better than the CBS design, and here's why
Thoroughbred Race Horses From Northern Ireland Are Being Eaten
Will Valencia joins Man United this summer?
Dick Vitale More Sexual During March Madness, Wife Lorraine Reports
NCAA Basketball First Round Winning Percentage by Seed (CHART)
MARCH BADNESS: EJECTIONS | Zoner Sports
Scrubs on ESPN SportsCenter, Nah Nah Nah Nah Nah Nah, Video
Why Cleveland Indians Fans Despise The New York Yankees
Why I love the NCAA Tourney --- Bill Raftery
Much like auto manufacturing, electronics and disgusting porn, Japan bests the US once again. This time it's baseball.
cheerleaders dunk harder than the march madness field
Kobe Bryant, Wife Deny Former Maid's Allegations | The World According to MoonDog
Todd McShay will kill Mel Kiper Jr. soon, ESPN, Video
Vintage ESPN, Video, Xavier Coach Sean Miller was a basketball phenom
To get drunk fan kicked out, text 513-381-JERK
Like some inexorable force, Tiger Woods returned to his spot atop the golf world Sunday, erasing Sean O’Hair’s five-stroke lead and securing the victory with yet another dramatic birdie putt at the final hole. 
Dick Vitale Dancing, and Digger Phelps is a Narcissist, Video
HHR Talks With McDonald's All-Americans and UNC-Bound David &amp; Travis Wear
Blackhawks vs. Canucks Brawl from 3/29/09 (hair-pulling and all)
Final Four Preview | The World According to MoonDog
Erick Aybar, Torii Hunter, Angels defense in mid season form, Video
Coach K, Rick Pitino, Roy Williams, and Bobby Knight drop their pants for Guitar Hero
Govenment Auto Takeover to Shutdown NASCAR
Video of the Lakers Andrew Bynum's rehab program with the Playboy bunnies
Top 6: Get Your Vote On
Jay Cutler Is Worth It
The Hottest Girls of the Final Four
Are the Bears now the favorites in the NFC North?
Manu Ginobili out for season...and playoffs
ESPN, Jay Crawford has a low flow shower head, video
One Shining Moment (2009 NCAA Tournament Tribute OPUS)
You know, Dwyane Wade, You know, You know etc… 
Jarrod Saltalamacchia Jersey = Worst Ever
Creative and cool Motorcycle Helmets
Monday eye-opener: Did Tiger and Phil let this one get away? 
The forgtotten boycott of Long Island University
Presidential Cycling Tour of Turkey 2009 Stage 8 Final Kilometers.  Jump to 3:45.  Don't Take Your Eyes off the Yellow Jersey @ Bottom Left.  Horrific Crash, Disgusting Tactics...  [VID]
Parker's 38 helps Spurs beat Mavs, even series
Worst possible time to debut a stadium?  Yeah especially when it cost $1.5Billion
INSANE - Badwater Ultramarathon - 3 Days nonstop through Death Valley. Nonstop, no aid stations, sleep, or IVs allowed (and did I mention the hallucinations...)
 New Yankees Stadium Curse?
Denver Broncos Winners?  Pass the Crack Pipe....
Surfers Make Documentary in Ireland in the Dead of Winter  
How To March Madness Like A Man
Dwight Howard suspended for game 6 vs. the 76er's
Mike Golic Waxed, Live on ESPN Video
T-Mac and Baron Davis Prank Chris Bosh, ESPN RV Commercial
Wondering where the drugs in sports thing will end?  Right here...
4 in the 8th, 2 in the 9th, Yankees win!  Amazin comeback.
Celtics win game 7-- 109-99, advance to Eastern semis.
Dallas lawyers up after the accident at their training facliity
John Wall goes from HS basketball stud to common criminal
New England Patriots Examiner: Patriots sign former U-Maine standout Brandon McGowan, add depth to safety position
Calling all N.J. sports bloggers: Blogs with Balls 1.0 - New Jersey Blogs
Olympic swimmer Scott Miller has admitted giving his friend Mark Catchpole 12 ecstasy tablets as a birthday present
Ron Artest's Throat Attacks Kobe's Elbow [Video]
Manny Ramirez Scandal Latest news, Manny Ramirez Bio, Interesting Profile
Football records in Premier League since 93–94 season
No Yao? No problem. Rockets even up the series at 2-2.
Calling All Ballers, Want to Dunk at the NBA All Star Game Next Year?
Fan wants apology for Davis bump
Busted Coverage: Booze, Ladies And Football » The NBA Not Impressed By Melanie Collins Tongue To Butt Photo
Why Do Athletes Use Cannabis? Because It Works!
Dwight Howard Following Grand Tradition of Petulance
Classy Don King is suing an American Legion Post for showing two boxing matches to its war veteran members
Upvote if your tired of having Lebron/Kobe smashed down your eyeballs on national sports outlets!
Kenyon Martin calls Mark Cuban 'a coward' 
Video: Steelers Linebacker Says He’s Not Going To White House
Orlando steals Game 1
Suddenly, Kobe vs. LeBron Final Doesn't Seem Inevitable
Manchester United Star Midfielder says if he scores on Wednesday he will streak the field!
Mike Tyson’s Daughter Dies In Hospital
Reasons why the Denver Nuggets are the Most Entertaining Team In Sports
Eury Jr. out as crew chief for slumping Earnhardt 
I know it's early, but what's the best fantasy football site? I've had my league on Fanball for the past 8 years, but need a change; that site's going downhill.
Darren Helm dominates a penalty kill
Does anyone else hate it when crowds during NBA games chant MVP...and they aren't Cleveland.
NHL uses only rules that are convenient - Malkin's suspension lifted
Kobe, Lakers face a-lot more than just the Magic in the NBA Finals...
NASCAR helped GM down its path of self-destruction
UFC Orders A Slice Of Kimbo
The complexities of calling balls and strikes broken down (w/ the aid of many graphs)
Yanks' Wang to return to rotation...sorry, I had to.  
Corky McSteroids aka Sammy Sosa to retire and calmly wait for HOF induction
NBC screws US tennis fans... here's where to see Federer live
Wish the Best of Luck in Your Own Style to Team India!
Around The Bigs: Braves Boosting Their Chances In NL East
Fox &amp; Friends disgusted by Bruno's MTV Awards ass-ault on Eminem, then shows their own segment with a Fox reporter doing the same thing to a lingerie football player
Orlando shoots .625 from the field.  Wins by 4 over the Lakers to pull the series to 2-1.
Jessica Alba Continues to Disappoint...
Blonde Orlando fan bites it [video]
Milton Bradley throws a fly ball into the stands with two outs
Ronaldo for beginners
Marshall leaves Broncos’ facility with “packed boxes”
Lakers win the 2009 NBA Finals, Kobe wins his first ring without Shaq
Indians Present Rick 'Wild Thing' Vaughn Bobblehead Night 
Greg Oden goes clubbing, fat chicks attack
Peppers signs franchise tender
Breaking News! Shaq traded to the Cavs
Cricket News: It's Reddit for Cricket!
Truck champion Benson injured in fiery crash
Tribune writer fed up with Zambrano, suggests trading him for bag of balls 
Welcome To Wimbledon: Feel Free To Park On The Dead
Centrefold Court -- sex sells even in tennis
Canucks re-sign Sedin twins to five-year contracts
NASCAR confirms Jeremy Mayfield tested positive for meth
2009 Fantasy Football Keeper Rankings: Quarterbacks
The five most (potentially) intriguing names on the MLB trade market
A swarm of bees causes 52 minute delay in Padres game (with video)
Top 10 Ways The Lakers Can Keep Artest In Check
New BCS Committee Chief rips playoff idea, clearly hates college football fans
“They’re going after Kidd and Grant Hill, which would have been a great rebuilding strategy in 1997.” 
Tragic NFL news. Steve Mcnair and female shot to death in downtown Nashville.
Why Olivia Munn should be invited to the next Nathan's hot dog eating contest (with video &amp; pictorial proof)
B-Inge Vote Now!
Epic Fails and Falls at the Tour De France and Other Bike Races
The Incredible 100 Boob Jump
Without Althea Gibson, there may not have been a Serena or Venus Williams
I enjoyed tackle football.  I could take a hit.  I stopped playing for a little while as a professional and then this happened.  This hit I took.  For you.
Lenny Dykstra: 'Bank Fraud' Led to Bankruptcy
Moneyball movie back on, now helmed by Aaron Sorkin, who brought us The West Wing and Sports Night
Tom Brady of the New England Patriots owed by man who stole his flower planters - ESPN
Former Boxing Champ Arturo Gatti Found Dead in Brazil
Lance is angry — that's bad news for Contador 
Lesnar gives the crowd the finger as he retains his belt at UFC 100
Shaquille O'Neal Rookie Basketball Cards
The Top Ten Greatest Upsets In Sports History
Chicago Cubs reportedly might be pushed by Tribune Co. to file bankruptcy - ESPN
Disco Demonlition - 30 years ago.  ESPN video
Soccer player fined after angry tweet
Howard becomes fastest to 200 HRs 
Do you downmod sports/teams/athletes you don't like?
Detroit Tigers' Brandon Inge is the All-Star who lives next door
Fantasy Football Pre-season Checklist
Erin Andrews sues over nude tape...Or, Where can I find that tape?!
James Johnson Shows Promise...And A Poor Jump Shot
People looking for Erin Andrews nude vid tricked into downloading virus.
Cameron Sinclair Double Backflip, Horrible Crash
RIP Baby Paul Cullen: Dogtown, Z-Boy, youngest member of the original Zephyr skate team.
Why is it such a big deal that LeBron got dunked on? Nobody is doubting his athleticism or skills, shouldn't we just be impressed and happy with the kid who did it?
Former South Sider Jim Parque Does What All Former PED Users Should Do: Come Clean
White Soxs Mark Buehrle Pitches a Perfect Game Against the Tampa Bay Rays
Rays pursuing Tribe ace Cliff Lee?
I Call Shenanigans On LeBron’s News Of Getting High!
Affliction: Trilogy? Try Affliction: Out-of-Business
Seeing Two in the Tigers Double Dip Sweep Has Never Been Sweeter
Sox Downed by Double Leylands
Too all football (soccer) loving Americans: High-five!
Classic Piper's Pit With Tony Atlas
10 Reasons why Football is better than Cricket
How hard was Felipe Massa hit, exactly?
NBA players that would've made awesome wrestlers
Michelle Kwan kwits competitive skating for graduate study at the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy
Football Coach McMackin Doesn't Want You to Know He Said Faggot
Cutler Create a Caption #1
Mark Prior May be Done
Phelps leads U.S. medley relay to victory in world-record fashion
Double Front Flip = Awesome!
Michael Vick paid his debt to society, so it's only fair to put his crime in the past.
Dana White On ESPN E:60
Tom Brady's family to Gisele: Um, yeah. Thanks for these lovely scarves. No! No! We love them! Sure we'll put them on for a photo.
Pilates Exercises | CosmoLearning Sports. 20 video lessons on Pilates Exercises. Some of the topics included are: Abdominals Workout, Toning the Arms and Legs, Butt Workouts, Strengthening the Back, Warming Up and Cooling Down and many more.
What's the shortest time between championship and contraction?
Watch UFC 101 Online - Declaration
UFC 101: Anderson Silva vs Forrest Griffin
The 10 Most Cursed MMA Events of All Time
The 10 Best Moments of the Last Six Years of Raider Football
Mexico 2 - USA 1 (US soccer)
Uh oh: Rick Pitino's contract contains a morality clause - 
Belichick to Brady: 'You can't complete a ---damn hitch' - 
NFL suspends Browns' Stallworth without pay for 2009 season
If Michael Vick can get paid $1.6m to warm Philadelphia's bench, every banker that took government bailout money should get a bonus
Cubs fan that dumped brew on Victorino comes forward, looking at 180 days of poke the pooper fun
Philadelphia Daily News is PISSED about the Vick signing. Headlines: Hide Your Dogs! and What are they thinking?
A Great Letter in Response to Planned Protests of Michael Vick
Men's 100 metres world record progression 
'Clubs still think black managers lack intelligence,' says Barnes
Straw man 101: Vick's crime is more gruesome than most because 100 percent of those who committed murders (...) had a history of cruelty to animals.
Top 10 reasons to watch the U.S. Open
Details leaked of Romeo Crennel's panicked call to Charlie Weis. 
The mysterious Internet life of Chad OchoCinco
Looks like a guy to me
Talk TV, talk radio, sports analysts?  Do you get sick of it?
Wildcats idiots for keeping Calipari
VID Unassisted Triple Play to end game in Philadelphia Phillies win over New York Mets 
This year's college football teams who will disappoint
Sports Reddit: Meet NFL Reddit
Is it really up to Manny Ramirez and Joe Torre to secure a Dodgers win?
Eagles fans — a surly lot that once pelted Santa Claus with snowballs — gave Michael Vick a Rocky Balboa-type welcome whenever he played in a 33-32 preseason win against Jacksonville.
Terrible Pole Vault! It doesn't count as school 
record if you go eye-first into the supports! &lt;vid&gt;
PGA Tour golfer Ryan Moore goes logo-free, golf business, corporate sponsorship | When Ryan Moore decided to go logo-free, he left a lot of money on the table
Chiefs QB Cassel could miss opener - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Bo Jackson the businessman is no longer wowing fans, but says his injury was a blessing in disguise.
Luol Deng Must Take That Next Step
Fighter Toni Valtonen has swastika, 'White Pride' tattoos
Washington Redskins Sold Brokers Tickets Despite Wait List - washingtonpost.com
While college football teams prepared for the fall season, another competitive game has been taking place behind the scenes on Capitol Hill, as lobbyists try to influence a bill that would change or replace the Bowl Championship Series to determine the top team in the nation.
Curtis Granderson said to google this guy.  
Bill Belichick lacks discipline. There's no crying in football, Bill. Enjoy your 2-14 season, you fucking crybaby. You should be ashamed of﻿ yourself. Go back to your house and make some more sleeveless hoodies, emo faggot.
Melanie Oudin stuns Sharapova at USOpen.
Raiders reportedly trade for Patriots’ Seymour - New England receives 2011 first-round pick
Chicago Bears Depth Chart Proves Flowers More Important Than Skill
A New York City man arrested for running onto the court at the U.S. Open to kiss Rafael Nadal will be charged with trespassing and faces possible jail time if convicted.
Fantasy Football redditors - subscribe to the 
subreddit and let's get some discussion going!
Psychological issues are no longer taboo - MLB - Yahoo! Sports
The Money Bowl: Bowls profitability and not wanting to give up control probably means no future playoffs in Division I college football.
No. 15 Georgia Tech survives Clemson with late field goal 
Do you have Spike TV? Then watch the National 
Rugby League finals live. They prefer to play 
without helmets...
NBA owner killed in plane crash 
In case you didn't already know, Michael Jordan is a pompous jerk.  Deep linked [VID] from his hall of fame induction speech shows just one of many shots he took, this one aimed at Jerry Krause.
Not a fan of Michigan Football, (putting it lightly), but can't help but be impressed with their true freshman quarterback Tate Forcier. Great performance against the Irish!
10 of the best NFL top 10 lists of all-time
41-Year-Old Theo Fleury's Return - Pre-Season Shootout Winner! [Vid]
Derek Jeter Honored For Having Fewer Hits Than Harold Baines 
Who else hopes Michael Crabtree fail miserably in the NFL after he falls to the 2nd round 2010 draft?
Interesting way to hold on to a golf club
College athletes: The downside of being campus celebrities
Video of Chad Ochocinco's Lambeau Leap
Manning leads Colts past Dolphins 27-23
Derrick Rose Puts Dwight Schrute’s Stapler in Jello
A Football Roster Comprised Of Movie Characters
Gretzky steps down as Coyotes coach
Keeper moves goalposts to make goal smaller
Amazing MMA video shot entirely from Ref's point of view inside the ring.
Kevin Connolly Makes NFL Week 3 Picks
Lebron James Top Ten Plays of 2009
Why do they keep calling the Houston Oilers Tennessee??
The cheesy BCS, and why cupcakes are bad for college football players.
ESPN GameDay sign police Fail
Fantasy Football Week 4 Start 'Em Sit 'Em Lineup Advice and Projections
Tebow gets KO'd running up the score and padding his stats, as usual.
NBA Refs Continue Holdout
Rio de Janeiro chosen as host city for 2016 Olympic Games
Workers at an Arizona cryonics facility mutilated the frozen head of baseball legend Ted Williams - even using it for a bizarre batting practice, a new tell-all book claims..... WTF?!!?!
Rush Limbaugh confirms he's bidding to purchase the St. Louis Rams.
No shit Michael Crabtree is going to sign now. The Niners aren't doing as shitty as he thought. He better make sure he's worth all this hassle. 
Why Doesn't The NFL Create a Minor League?
Favre is a...
Roger Clemens Admits to Steroids.
Papelbon blows the game, Red Sox get SWEPT!!! 
Kalin Lucas Tattoos Ultimatum
A hockey fight with the most punches possibly ever thrown. VID
Canadian mint reveals Olympics medals.  The design is pretty crazy.
Lidstrom reaches 1,000 points in Wings' win - NHL - Yahoo! Sports
Did I wake up in bizarro world today? The chiefs AND the raiders won?
What is with that guy's eyes in the middle?
Halos win Game 3 in the 11th! (Series: NYY 2 - LAA 1)
Worker who fell from San Diego Chargers' press box at game dies
Week 7 NFL Power Rankings
NFL's battle with video company may leave draft prospects in dark
New Yankee Stadium Already Showing Cracks:  It seems the Yankees' new $1.5 billion city-subsidized stadium is beginning to show cracks, just six months after its debut.
Jimmy Clausen gets pushy with Boston College player after the game (with video)
Chiefs' LJ appears to take swipe at coach - “My father got more creditentials than most of these pro coaches.” That is followed by: “My father played for the coach from “rememeber the titans”. Our coach played golf. My father played for redskins briefley. Our coach. Nuthn.”
Michael Vick.  11 plays, 14 yards total.  Longest play 7  yard rush.  Has completed 1 pass of 5 for 1 yard.
Never done Fantasy Bball before.  Your best pointers?
Reddit - Let's take the Rams to the Pro Bowl.
Have tickets to the World Series?  Want to get laid instead?  Craigslist is the place to go, although the woman who offered herself up for the tickets has already been busted.
Andre Agassi says he used crystal meth.
Yankees add Don Zimmer to coaching staff
Yankees win game 2 with a score of 3-1.
Pedro Martinez gets heckled by a child 
Hawkeyes Roll On
Favre Cam...no really...an iso-cam that follows Favre around the entire game.
Top 10 Sports Franchises That Should Move
Should the Salary Cap system come to Baseball?
San Francisco Giants ace Tim Lincecum cited for marijuana possession - ESPN
Video: Korean Baseball Weirdness. There aren't really any words to describe this...
Italy! Italy won the 2009 Fed Cup today, and in doing so, became number 1 in the world in ITF rankings for the first time in history
Yankees ticker tape parade included sensitive personal information in the confetti. How would you feel if your private information was just thrown out there?
Things not to do: Make Mike Tyson mad enough to punch you
Andre Agassi: What a rich man's discontent can teach us all about living an authentic life
Rumor: Mountain West Conference To Expand To 12, Receive BCS Auto Bid
Just remember the team with the most long haired Samoan dudes, wins.
Iowa Loses to OSU 24-27 in overtime.
Pacquiao-Mayweather match must be made - Boxing - Yahoo! Sports
Lincecum wins his 2nd consecutive Cy Young, 
narrowly edging out Carpenter and Wainwright
Stefanie Spielman dies after long battle with cancer - Chris Spielman was playing linebacker with the Buffalo Bills when he decided to give up football for a year to stay home with his wife and children. When his wife lost her hair because of chemotherapy treatments, he shaved his head.
Chad Ochocinco now has his own brand of condoms. [pic]
NBA Player Nate Robinson Shoots, Scores On Wrong Basket [Video]
Wow, the Broncos are having their epic collapse early this season.
Northeastern ends football after 74 seasons over financial concerns - College Football 
One of the funniest moments in sports ever - Steve Kerr on his '97 NBA Finals winning shot
The Biggest Turkeys in MMA
Photos Of Tiger Woods' Alleged Mistress, Rachel Uchitel
Tiger Woods taken to hospital after crash.
Hey NFL Network, no need to fucking apologize for Denver coach McDaniels' profanity
The roars from the fans kept on coming. Nobody wanted it to end, and with good reason. We all knew that we'll never see another player like this again.
What's the most corrupt sport in the world? ...It may be soccer
ESPN: Florida State Coach Bobby Bowden, Second Winningest Coach In College Football History, To Announce Retirement Today
Once a classic ballpark, now a holdover for rusting clunkers: an odd juxtaposition, in an original photo series
Re-Enactment of Tiger Woods Car Accident [Video]
TigerWoods.com: Tiger comments on current events
The 2010 World Cup in South Africa will be filmed in 3D for the first time
Allen Iverson gets emotional at press conference about his return to Philly
Tiger Woods said to pay his wife millions to stick by him.... true love.
Draw ignites FIFA World Cup fever
Alabama Wins the National Championship!  ...wait, what do you mean there's another game?
Please post your BCS conspiracy theories in the appropriate subreddit. 
The first thing I thought when I saw the Tiger Woods news this morning was Nice Stretcher....I'm a total wacker.
Football's Douchebag(s) of The Week: The entire Dallas Cowboys franchise, minus Tony Romo, and the Bacon Mug
Chad Johnson to Change His Name Yet Again
RadioShack - RadioShack - Lance Armstrong's new team pretty much fucked over the nice taxpaying citizens of Fort Worth, Texas.
Chaos In Tigerland: The women he slept with all pretty much prearranged hookers he paid people to find for him.
North Carolina To Field New College Football Team in 2013
Andy Reid, DeSean Jackson CHEST BUMP.. I can't stop watching this 8 second clip!
What's the point of devoting all of my free time to something so fleeting? - Why I stopped being a sports fan. - Slate Magazine
BCS = NO VALUE for college football. Why else would the coach of a 13-0 team abandon his team for 6-6 Notre Dame. It's because the major college football is a glorified exhibition post-season! -- Editorial
Is John Clayton the ugliest man in sports?
 Quan Cosby on Chris Henry
JaMarcus Russell's return: Raiders beat Broncos in final minute
Vince Young Throws A Pinball Interception [video]
Oakland Raider Loses His Pants In The Middle Of The Game [video]
To the 4 or 5 of you out there who remember the decently-great Gary Gaetti, the journeyman Third baseman, occasional relief pitcher and current Minor-League coach...This is for you.
Eagles fans punish 49'ers fans with snow balls
Premature 2010 Fantasy Player Rankings: Top 10 Quarterbacks
There's something wrong with this picture... I can't quite put my finger on it...
A Singing Holiday Video Message From The Cincinnati Bengals Linebackers
Pacquiao plans to sue Mayweather 
Urban Meyer Stepping Down As Head Coach At Florida (WTF!)
Sarah Thomas first woman to officiate in bowl game - ESPN
Carolina Panthers coach John Fox, staff safe for 2010, report says - ESPN
I think they forgot about the players motivation, and they destroyed it
The Lingerie Football League will sue your pants off
Top 10 NHL plays of the decade. Amazing even if you're not a hockey fan. 
Colts players denied shot at history
Paul Lukas looks back at the decade's 10 most unusual uniform moments -- Uni Watch - ESPN
SEC haters, do you honestly believe TCU or Boise State would have done any better?
The best academic conference ever.
Obama could bust the BCS with Broncos 
Today is Mark Ingram Day in Alabama
BCS championship: Alabama beats Texas 
Colt McCoy is a class act, plus great quote about the injury [video]
[PIC] Sign in El Arroyo Austin, TX this afternoon.
Mark Sanchez Gets Payback On Pete Carroll
Jerome Bettis: Bill Cowher will become the next head coach of the New York Giants…you know, after they fall flat next year and get rid of Coughlin.
Hey Reddit, do any of you follow rugby?  Who do you think is going to win this year's Super 14?
RIP - Bears' DE Gaines Adams dead at 26
Mike and Mike host says Martin Luther Coon on Air
Chargers double down on the insanity.  Re-sign ultimate choke coach Norv Turner through 2013.  My sympathies Charger fans.
Tebow to Alienate Pro Football Fans During Super Bowl
British female bobsleigh rider was left red-faced after her outfit split
One of the most amazing goals I have ever seen.  The hockey version of the Harlem Globetrotters
Vikings Defensive End Teaches Us How To Hunt With A Just A Spear [video]
Party on! Saints headed to first Super Bowl
Ask Sports: Is it me, or were the Saints playing some low down, dirty football?
Even the lego nation knows that the Saints had the Vikings game in the bag! WHO DAT?!
Study finds that the best running shoe may be nature's own
Seattle shows sympathy for Pac-10, plays with just 4 players - The Dagger  - NCAAB Blog - Yahoo! Sports
On January 28, 1959, the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League sign Vince Lombardi to a five-year contract as the team’s coach and general manager.
Paul Shirley is an objectivist douchebag
ESPN Poll: Is Kurt Warner a Half of Famer?
Who own 'Who Dat'?
Federer wins 16th career Grand Slam in Australia over Murray
Hacked: Gary Bettman's Gmail account
Happy Signing Day!
Pete Maravich makes you look like an asshole.
My school's hockey team almost broke our 0-27-3 curse at SCSU, until they scored a tying goal with One Tenth of a Second left!  FUUUUUUUUuuuuuuu   
AskSports: Did anyone else lose the commentator feed from CBS for almost the entire 3rd quarter during the Superbowl?
Survey: Tebow Ad Convinces 99-Percent of Men to Never Have an Abortion
How to celebrate a super bowl.
Could we get a Reddit fantasy baseball league going?
In wake of luge death, there are too many reasons to protest at the Winter Olympics
I  challenge you to find a more meaningless sport.
So who are you rooting for, and more interestingly against during the Winter Olympics this year?
Visualize 2010 Winter Games events
Would anyone in /r/Sports be interested in a Reddit fantasy baseball league?
Note to Olympic reporters planning to interview a gold medalist: Make sure you know which gold medalist you're talking to.
Memphis Grizzlies' shaqing new logo!
LaDainian Tomlinson released by Chargers after 9 years - ESPN
Ole Miss students considering Admiral Ackbar as new on-field mascot.
NBC finally gets one right - USA Men's Hockey semifinal to air live across Lower 48!
Who else thinks that Norway's (pop 4.7 million)  18 Olympic medals are damn impressive as 3rd place behind U.S. (pop 305 million) and Germany (pop 82 million)
It's spring training, so that means it's time for terrible baseball headlines! Today's winner: RedSox.com!
You would think the NBA would have far more to worry about: NBA bans Butler from chewing straws.
Ginobili with MONSTER block over Durant - ends his 29-game streak of 25+ points [video]
Way to go Canadian Women's Hockey team.  You won gold but you pissed off the IOC for underage drinking on the ice during the celebration afterwards.
My name is Odd-Bjørn Hjelmeset. I skied the second lap and I fucked up today. I think I have seen too much porn in the last 14 days.
It's Canada versus the US for the Gold medal in Men's Hockey on Sunday.
Tiger Woods dropped by Gatorade
The Last Time The US Won The Gold Medal In Hockey, 'The Miracle On Ice'. [video]
Canada Takes Out Team USA in OT, Wins Gold in Men's Hockey
ESPN ranks the top 50 soccer players in the world.
I'm having Olympic withdrawl. Obviously the NHL is on, but where in the US can I watch curling and powerball and other sports that are popular in other parts of the world, and just aren't broadcast here in the states?
Soccer reduces risk of falls and bone fractures
Tyson wants another another shot at Holyfield.
Top 10 Sportsmen Who Blew Their Second Chance
Toews and Kane are worthless against Red Wings
Donovan McNabb and Terrell Owens reunite as teammates
Mike Leach, former Texas Tech coach, rips team's God squad guys, threatens living situations
Graphic Evidence Against Steroid Abuse [PICS]
Inconsistencies Call NCAA Tournament Selection Process Into Question
If you thought the nuggets were tough, you should see their coach.
The Best College Backcourts (2010 Edition)
Report: Tim Tebow invited to NFL draft
OMG, CBS, why do you go away from a tied game with 1 minute left to show us the opening minutes of another game! I HATE you, WTF.
Georgia Tech - I need you to win
High school star Jeremy Tyler forgoes senior year to gain professional experience overseas, quits after 10 games.
So how about that Maryland-MSU finish?
Why MLS is set for a breakthrough year in 2010
Gilbert Arenas Sentenced to 2 Years Probation and 30 Days in Halfway House 
Duke advances to round of eight, beats Purdue - The top-seeded Blue Devils are back in the round of eight for the first time since 2004
Dear reddit, don't you hate it when friends give away sports scores on facebook?
Urban Meyer: The Smoke Monster of College Sports 
Yusuf Pathan speaking of his journey from a small mosque in baroda to being the key player with Rajasthan Royals
Kiwi courage at its best 
Hockey Team used as model for movie Slapshot now following the script of film released 33 years ago.
Five Unbreakable Records You've Probably Never Heard Of
Ronaldinho: Brazil 2010
Why is Sam Bradford expected to be drafted over Tim Tebow? 
Nathan Vasher signs deal with San Diego Chargers
NCAA To Strip Duke Of Its '08-'09 Losses | The Onion - America's Finest News Source
Jon Stewart makes his predictions for the Final Four and Jason Jones sits down with the founder of the all-white basketball league. 
Because Butler made it to the NCAA Final Four, Indianapolis is actually anticipating less of an economic boom from hosting the event | The Indianapolis Star
Semifinal 2: Duke 78, West Virginia 57
Eagles trade Donovan McNabb to NFC East rival Redskins
Professor Asks Students if Anyone Has Seen John Wall Lately on Sports Pickle
Jennifer Hudson-One Shining Moment
Redskins put Albert Haynesworth on the trading block
Too Slow Baseball:  Complaint of a Patron of the National Game (A letter to the New York Times from 105 years ago)
Tiger 2009 golfer of the year
Picture of the game...
Red Wings' face final tune-up today in Chicago
The sporting family
What is the Phillies' team batting average?
Ranking the MLB's #1 prospects from the past 10 years
Security beats up fan on opening day at Dodger Stadium.
Roethlisberger accused of a 3rd sexual assault
This Picture Is Worth 100,000 Words
Ubaldo Jimenez throws first no-hitter in Rockies history
SLAAAMM! (P.S. Who else hasn't forgotten about this kid and is still really excited to see him play in the NBA?)
Police say boxer Edwin Valero kills self in jail
Who else stopped caring about hockey after the '04-'05 lockout?
Multiple times during team meetings, Underwood was found not taking notes, but instead writing scripture about the apocalypse.
LA Kings going Compton on Henrik Sedin [gif]
DAE not really care about the draft?
Roy Halladay: The start of something big
Fans pick New Orleans Saints' Drew Brees for cover of Madden 11 game
Microsoft to Advertise on W.N.B.A. Team’s Uniform. This couldn't cost much. Reddit needs a team!
Bill Simmons's mock draft on Detroit and Suh: Just take the dude already. We want to watch a good Detroit game on Thanksgiving before we die.
I spent all night trying to put into words how dumb that Tebow pick is. Then I found Clippy. 
Roethlisberger kicked out of the Zoo!
Dear Taylor Mays, Carroll doesn't owe you shit 
Weird baseball contract clauses
Mascot's backflip dunk from 10 ft above the rim.
Why Did The Phillies Just Give Ryan Howard, A 31 Year Old Mo Vaugh Clone, A $125 Million Dollar Extension 2 Years Before Free Agency?
Speaking as a Canadian, is America any more interested in hockey now than a year ago?
Report says Indians most hated team
Let The National Shaming Of This Flag Football Coach Commence - flag football - Deadspin
Dear NBC - You SUCK at covering sports.
Mayweather defeats Mosley
Gale Sayers tells it like it is regarding the Chicago Bears and player salaries
Lawrence Taylor arrested on rape charge
Why can't pitchers throw harder? - By Noam Scheiber - Slate Magazine
I've learned in my career, it is much better to be recognized for all the great things you do on the field.  Good for him, he threw a perfect game. And better yet, he beat the Rays.
How long until Tiger is a fat wash-up?
NFL Arrests Database
Bill Simmons has an idea with a huge implication for all sports in his latest article. Check out The Squad 66 award.
22 yr old man posing as high school b-baller busted in Texas.
Bill Simmons: Is This The End Of Pro Basketball In Cleveland?
America's Most Miserable Sports Cities
Bill Simmons: LeBron James and the choice -- winning, loyalty or immortality? 
Watch We Are LeBron Video Video | Break.com
Best baseball player over the last 5 years: Chase Utley?
Double-A Rightfielder Antone DeJesus scales the wall to make the catch-of-the-year at any level of baseball.
The Incredible Story Of Manute Bol
Chris Bosh of Toronto Raptors has wish list including five teams
OK I'm not much of a soccer/football fan but I am making a serious effort this year to watch as much of the World Cup as possible, fans what do I need to know?
Lil' Romeo's underwhelming USC career comes to an end
Hey LeBron James, just admit it.. your mom had sex with your team mate. It's OK, nobody's saying YOU slept with him.
I couldn't resist. Sorry Sharks fans. [Pic]
On May 25, 1935, Jesse Owens had greatest hour in sports history...Four world records in three-quarters of an hour. Not 45 weeks or 45 days.  45 minutes.


MVP of Celtics/Magic game 5
SEC Stupid to Implement Shot/Pitch Clocks
Could LeBron James, Dwayne Wade, Chris Bosh, and Joe Johnson decide to take less money and sacrifice individual accolades to dominate the NBA together for the next 8-12 years? Yeah, it could happen.
If you still think Soccer is a game for girls, look at these. (Warning: a bit graphic - pictures of injuries)
Turk wants out of Raptor-ville
LeBron or Kobe?
Highlights from US-Turkey Match
Halliday throws a perfect game
What perfect game? He was safe.
Perfect game, almost....
FIFA Predicts Spain As Winner of 2010 World Cup
Bud Selig is asleep at the wheel, won't reverse umpires call on perfect game.
If you support the Lakers...
RIP John Wooden (confirmed by UCLA)
Nation Undecided On Whether It Hates Celtics Or Lakers More
Paul Pierce to Los Angeles Lakers fans: 'We ain't coming back to LA!'
Lakers reclaim home-court advantage and go up 2-1 against the Celtics.
Stephen Strasburg's report card for his debut (pdf)
Adam Morrison matches Ray Allen's field goal percentage, Lakers win!
Stanley Cup Finals, Blackhawks Ended Title Drought for 49 Years
Great baseball catch
Apparently Rasheed Wallace has learned to force-push and just used it to foul Pau Gasol
Anyone But England (ABE), Why Wales, Scotland, and N. Ireland are rooting for the yanks.
Guzzle champaign from the bottle, chug beers, take pictures with hot chicks...Patrick Kane knows how to celebrate a Stanley Cup victory.
What is the point of the offsides rule in soccer.
come on now reddit sports
JeremyGold.com - This high school football coach is REALLY in love with himself
Boston needs to fucking shut down Kobe already! 
Why I think hockey has the best trophy collection in all of sports...
kobe this is gross
FIFA President Sepp Blatter Bucks Criticism of Vuvuzela Hum
Signs that soccer is starting to reach a critical mass of audience in America
FIFA hates our eardrums, opts to keep those stupid horns.
This is the guy who fixes every single high profile professional athlete and his resume is ridiculous. 
Texas' version of trying its hardest to save the Big XII is apparently to stick a gun to the other schools' heads and ask for more money. 
North Korea's World Cup fans may actually be paid actors!
2010 NFL Power Rankings: Preseason Edition - Never too early
How to get Americans to watch soccer: a sad but amazingly true parody reposted from r/soccer
SWITZERLAND BEAT SPAIN!
Gooooooooooalllllllllllllllllllllllllll
hey sports reddit, check out my new Portland Trailblazers subreddit I started up... any Blazers fans out there lurking?
adam morrison: 2 rings; patrick ewing, karl malone, charles barkely: 0 rings. something is wrong here
So Kobe for MVP? OOOOOKKKAYYY NBA Marketing Department
Call me racist, but why are Mexicans incapable of celebrating without starting a fucking riot?
The tears, they are delicious.  Bill Simmons live blog of NBA finals game 7. 
Top 10 Largest Stadiums In The World (by Capacity)
Really? Awwww...
Vijay Singh skips a golf ball across water and...
Texas Rangers vs. Houston Astros - Box Score - June 18, 2010 - ESPN
To everyone comparing flopping in soccer to flopping in the NBA...
You are our 2010 World Champions
How two teams of police officers played to win the stolen European Cup
Insane Soccer Injury [video]
Ahh, sweet victory. You feel so good.
US Soccer Hooligans Riot in Manhattan (video)
It won't fucking end!!! Wimbledon match tied at 59-59 is suspended because it got dark.
Epic Wimbledon match set to resume
Reactions to Landon Donovan's game winner against Algeria. (Made me feel good!)
Have You Seen The World’s Reaction to Landon Donovan’s Game Winning Goal
USA 0 - GHANA 1 HALF time 
Gooooaaaaal [pic]
Dear England, Please quit whining. Love, USA.
David Lee on Free Agency: I want to be in New York
Help Send The $500 Craigslist Rally Car To ESPN's X Games
D-Wade makes an unexpected recommendation to help LeBron
25 thousand Braves fans
North Korean soccer team sent to coal mines
MLB All-So-Far Team 
Video of Tony La Russa's DUI Arrest
Lesnar / Carwin - predictions?
Yo Lebron!  We've got championships to win, let's go!
A new subreddit, dedicated to all sports played with a racquet
World Cup 2010: Germany dump Diego Maradona and Argentina out
Sickening UFC 116 Slam .gif
Camera catches young boy drinking from beer bottle at Phillies game [vid]
Amare Stoudemire to the New York Knicks!
5 obvious signs that LeBron James will sign with the Bulls
The World Cup Preserves Something that America is Losing
How the Heat will dominate
Lebron: I'm not a drama queen. [COMIC]
AND HE GOES TO THE HEAT
It&amp;'s Official, LeBron James is Headed to Miami
What are the Bulls options now that LeBron is going to Miami?
Lebron James to Select Miami According to Sources Close to the Deal.
I resent Lebron for trying to tell me that water with 8 teaspoons of sugar in it is healthy
Lebron I am disappointed
As a long time Heat fan, let me give you new Heat fans a piece of advice.
LeBron James Announces... He's Going to Miami! WHO GIVES A SHIT
Say what you want about LeBron.... But Ive never seen less class than what I see from Cavs ownership and Cleveland fans.
Bill Simmons: The All-LeBron sound-off - ESPN
Holy shit r/sports, your incessant harping on LeBron's choice is worse than the BJ he got from ESPN.
Who do you cheer for in a Lakers-Heat Championship?
Yankees close in on deal with Mariners for Cliff Lee
LeBron's Rebuttle: An Open Letter To Dan Gilbert
Dan LeBatard Rejoices Over The Three Kings
The World cup ends today....  [pic]
Hello reddit, um, you know there is this little event going on today called THE WORLD CUP FINAL!!! Thought you should know
Sources say Yankees owner George Steinbrenner died after suffering heart attack
Yankees owner George Steinbrenner dead at 80 after heart attack.
Did something happen to Steinbrenner?
ESPN Streak for the Cash! Make predictions for certain games/matches etc. in a broad spectrum of sports, rack up the longest win streak each month and you win $100,000!!!
Ok I get it, Steinbrenner was a great man for 
baseball
Tim McCarver is FAR more annoying than the vuvuzelas.
Woodson doesn't just shut down receivers. He shuts down house fires. 
Meanwhile, at a Greek basketball game...
Hey Contador - It's not cool what you did ... NOT cool at all :(
You trying to say Jesus Christ can't hit a curveball?
There are few things in sports that I enjoy more than seeing Notre Dame Football suffer.
The eye of the Tiger: does Woods have to choose between being a great golfer and a good human being?
Reggie Bush Forced To Give Back Heisman Trophy
ESPN's Ombudsman: Despite ESPN's intention, the network did not have 'total editorial control' in the James announcement ... if the interviewee also brings along his own interviewer, you cannot protect the integrity of the broadcast.
Derrick Rose Q&amp;A. This is my kind of NBA player. Humble, competitive, confident. Can't wait to see them take it to the Heat.
Quick poll: what NBA basketball team do you like best?
Judge confirms what we already knew: Cheerleading is not a sport. Schools can't use it as a Title IX loophole
There sure are some smart fans in Cincinnati tonight.
Pot?  Hi, this is kettle.  You're black.
We Already Won (Miami Heat Song) 
Reddit, this list of the most entertaining running backs in history does not include Barry Sanders or Walter Payton. I demand a rewrite!
The Pros and their Handshakes
Don't You Dare Laugh At This Guy's $50,000 iPod
Can you name every NCAA sport? (quiz)
The Best Soccer Celebration Ever, Courtesy of Iceland
So, would anyone on /r/sports be up for a Reddit Fantasy Football League?
TO and Ocho Cinco are on the same team.  I think they implode the team around game 6.  Do you take the over or under?
Almost a year later Mike Zimmer coaches on after loosing his wife.
College football is now less than a month away. Predictions for 2010, anyone? 
On this day, in Texas Rangers history (1993)... [pic]
Best HR Saving Catch Ever...Spiderman Style
Two Egos In A Pod: Brett Favre Asks LeBron James For Help Making The Decision
In honor of Alex Rodriguez's 600th home run, I thought I'd revive this onion headline. What do think A-Rod's number is?
You want a bad call by umpires?  Jim Thome's obvious homerun bounces back onto the field.  Umpires call it in play AFTER viewing the replay(which was instituted to prevent just these situations.)
Florida State Seminoles dismiss wide receiver Jarmon Fortson from team - ESPN
Lebron dunks on kids...
Bob Bradley heading to Aston Villa
ESPN to air up to 74 EPL games a season for the next 3 years
Upvote if you'd take a golf ball to the shin for an autographed glove and handshake from Tiger Woods.
IAmA fresh football fan.  What team should I root for?
Dizzy Dean pitched in Rickwood. Jackie Robinson and Hank Aaron played where Willie Mays roamed as a teenage center fielder. Satchel Paige twirled from the mound.  Babe Ruth reached for his bat in this same place: America’s oldest baseball park lives to see 100.
He's Back!
Dear Brett Favre. Fuck off and die. Love, every sane football fan.
And now a few words from Brett Favre's ankle...
The hate is strong is on this board, time for some love. Who else can't wait to watch the Heat entertain us with top quality ball all year and is completely psyched for the Lakers/Heat Finals?
I know not everyone watches high school recruits' videos.  But trust me this one is good.  Really good.  If you watch one high school recruit video this year, please God, let it be this one.
Brett Favre...in a venn diagram
Before Jay Cutler: Chicago Bears Quarterbacks Horrific History
Tiger and his wife officially divorced.
I know NBA season is months away, but...
Blogger who called out Raul Ibanez last year weighs in with informed, compelling take on the Jose Bautista steroids insinuation by Damien Cox of The Toronto Star.
Roy Halladay gave Swiss watches to everyone involved in his perfect game (and I mean everyone: players, coaches, ball boys, trainers, video staff, PR staff)
Top Ten Bromances of the NFL
This in-depth Boxing vs. MMA infographic will get you ready for tomorrow night's Couture-Toney fight
Is anyone else shocked like me how it is becoming more acceptable to see poor sportsmanship in professional sports?
Boise State no longer has the ugliest field in football. 
The Chicago White Sox can now field a full lineup of guys who played for them after starring for the late-90s Cleveland Indians.
Troy Polamalu's hair is insured for $1 million by Head and Shoulders.
WTF. Pittsburgh Steeler Troy Polamalu's hair has been insured for $1 million.
Nick Saban, Mack Brown, and Chris Fowler cracked me up on this College Gameday commerical I just saw on ESPN. [vid]
Hey Lebron, How's your mom doing? Celtics to re-sign Delonte West
Hey r/Sports, Reds rookie phenom Aroldis Chapman needs a new, original nickname. Let's give him one.

After trading away Cliff Lee the Seattle Mariners have found out their new pitcher Josh Lueke has been charged with rape and sodomy
How can I watch NFL games for free over the internet?
Am I the only one for laughs at how dirty sports commentary is?
U.S. Open Fight VIDEO: Fans Brawl In Stands (VIDEO)
U.S. Open Fight in the Stands
Just when you think college football couldn't get any better...Erin Andrews to host College Football Live all season! 
Lets get the College Football subreddit going
Pretty amazing one-handed catch by Julio Jones yesterday.  Even as a Gator fan, I got to admit this is impressive.
Brock Mealer, who was given a 1% chance to ever walk again after a car accident that killed his father and his brother's girlfriend, leads Michigan to their opening game by walking onto the field
Reggie Bush to be stripped of Heisman Trophy
Ladies and gentlemen of reddit, I present to you the Ochochinco of Japanese baseball.
Think your fantasy team is hot shit? You chumps just might learn a few things from old Donnie Sprinkles. 
Hands down (no pun intended), the best baseball catch I've ever seen.
Guide to N.F.L. Defenses, Part 4: The 3-4 Front 
FUCK GARY BARTA. [Iowa's, a top 10 party school's, athletic direction]. This could be coming to your tailgate next.
I would like to get started watching the NFL
Wade Phillips no longer deserves his job after that play call [@ :04, 2nd QTR]
Kobe Bryant or Michael Jordan? Your choice? [Infographic Included]
It's hard to have sympathy for this scumbag considering that he had one prior DUI before killing Nick Adenhart
Imagine if A-Rod had done this instead of Jeter
What is a Hard Count in football?
Feminism Has Gone Too Far..Next Target Clinton Portis
Hey, NY Times: How about we stop selling Yankees apparel and see if the crime rate drops?
So how about Vick right now?
Brandon Jacobs can't do anything right. 
In case you're not watching, the Monday Night Football game on right now is fucking awesome. Saints 22-22 Niners with 1:19 left.
Dan Founts and the overtime rule
Starter or Not, Michael Vick May Already Have Won
This Is Why You Will Never Make It To The NFL Video
UCLA destroyed Texas, upset of the week?? 
Enjoy the NFL season now Reddit, because NFL owners are greasing Congress to ensure there won't be a 2011 season
Mayweather Jr. gave his ex-girlfriend $200 to put under their daughter's pillow for a lost tooth before threatening, hitting and taking a cell phone from the woman in an argument
Red Sox Pitcher Hideki Okajima Walks Away Red Sox Last Hope of Seeing the 2010 Postseason
CBS Producers Ask Shannon Sharpe To Use At Least 3 Real Words Per Sentence
Don't buy Vick's cough syrup, they're owned by a dog fighting ring.
Green Bay's Awesome Last Ditch Effort to score against the Bears
Is baseball a dying sport in the U.S.?
Cleveland's Desperate Billboard Campaign to Keep Lebron
I've heard some great excuses for failed drug tests but this one takes the cake.
USA Today promotes rivalry weekend with two teams that aren't really rivals...
Stay classy, Yankees fans.
It's time to revamp the NFL Playoffs. I have a plan. 
I've got one thing to say to the Deadspin Favre cellphone pic haters (NSFW)...
The Edmonton Oilers toy with the media
Double Rainbow Guy Watches Denard Robinson Play
The Tampa Bay Rays had the best record in the American League this year, but...
The funniest goal
Rooting for the Giants - Doggy Style [Pic]
Caper's Gonna Cape
Welcome to the NFL hit on rookie QB Max Hall.
Drew Brees asks the internet for baby names
NCAA Football like you never wanted to see it.
Texas Rangers celebrated with ginger ale so teammate and recovering alcoholic Josh Hamilton could join them this time. 
The Onion MLB playoff preview is pretty dead on so far. 
Who cares about Favre's pics, I want to see what he got in response!
Personally – I NEED the option to watch college football online as I live way too far away from my favorite college football team – and RARELY do I ever get to watch my college team. 
To all you whiny, yankee-hating cunts...
Bitch, please!
Only the Dallas Cowboys can/have beaten the Dallas Cowboys, and why nobody needs to be fired
Hey /sports! My brother just published a book of photographs detailing 4 years behind the scenes of the University of Florida football team. If there are any Gators or Gators fans out there, you might be interested! (self.sports)
Chinese Gymnast gets in a motorcycle accident and saves his own life by doing an amazing flip at high speeds....
Why so many Yankees fans leave the game early
So long, James.  Don't let the door hit you in the helmet on the way out.
Mike Zimmer on Bobby Petrino: “He’s a gutless bastard. Quote that. I don’t give a shit.”
Regarding NFL fining players for helmet-to-helmet hits as part of plan to crack down on violators of the league’s safety rules. Mark Schlereth, former Pro Bowler and NFL analyst for ESPN, said  “We glorify these hits. We make money on these hits. That’s what we do, and the NFL profits on that.”
Why is Ron Artest so awesome?
When Barry Zito signed his $126 million dollar contract with San Fran, he said he was going to get them to the World Series.
Dear CBS: Nobody gives a shit about Baltimore/Buffalo outside of their direct tv markets.
Favre has fractures in ankle....good.
Wow, the Dallas Cowboys suck.
Kansas University Is Not Good At Negotiating Coaches Contracts
Crosspost from r/reddit.com - Reddit hivemind, my boss understands your fickleness and thinks I'll never get something about planting trees on the front page, so we recruited NY Jets Pro Bowler Kris Jenkins to help prove her wrong! J-E-T-S!
Screw Buck and McCarver. Here's how to delay the 
radio to make it sync up with Fox's World Series 
broadcast.
Candidate for one of the greatest catches ever?
This is why I love Steve Nash and find it hard to dislike the Suns
Barclays Premiere League rocks!
The Top 10 uncalled travels in the NBA from the past several years. (X-post from r/NBA)
Are the Raiders for real now after two consecutive blowout wins? 59-14 over Broncos and 33-3 over Seahawks.
Randy Moss Waived by Vikings.
Which team should go after Randy Moss?
It's awesome that Edgar Renteria is 34yo and has played on 5 teams in 5 years and doesn't have a contract for next year, but probably just won the World Series for his team.
DAE rage when they see sports fans rioting and destroying their city after they win a championship?
Charlie Villanueva wants to fight Kevin Garnett for saying he looks like a cancer patient!
Randy Moss Off The Waiver Wire. Should Be Pissed Off. (Illegal Shift)
Random thought: When will a prominent Detroit-area litigation firm wise up and hire Ndamukong Suh to be its spokesperson?
Still the best sports fan sign I've ever seen [image]
Does anyone else think Jeff Van Gundy should be fired from ESPN as a color commentator?
Maybe I'm taking my NFL picks too seriously?
Video: This is why we love youth sports. Junior-high football trick play in Texas.
DAE hate this screen on ESPN.com. I need a way to bypass it.
Vote up if you can't wait to see PacMan K.O. this scumbag - Margarito mocking Freddie Roach
Freddie Roach Angered by Video Mocking His Parkinson's Disease
I'm starting to lose hope that the Heat are going to win more than 72 this season
Can we please change the name of the Washington Redskins. 
Translation: Fan Up means that you need to get your asses to the stadium to help us pay for this embarrassing, barely .500 basketball team that may end up doing jack shit for the rest of the season
Kevin Love provides the first 30-30 NBA game in 28 years. 
WAC adds UT-San Antonio, Texas State
Whoa..whoa...whoa...I just realized he spells it Dwyane Wade, not Dwayne Wade.
In Dallas, we call him Red Jesus
Hey Vick, if you score 57 fantasy points every week for the rest of the season, I'll consider forgiving you for that whole dog-fighting thing. Maybe.
It's a Violation of NCAA Rules, but Not Laws, right? Can someone explain to me why the FBI is investigating the Cam Newton situation?
Radio host goes on tirade against Redskins
An explanation of the FBI involvement with Cam Newton and Auburn
Kyle Singler makes buckets. Duke haters can suck it.
Does Anyone Else Think This Is A Terrible Idea? Selig Says MLB Is Going Ahead With Playoff Expansion
Why TCU and Boise St. Should not be allowed in the BCS bowl games.
Arsene Wenger doesn't like it like that...
Peja a member of the Toronto Raptors, the worst franchise in the NBA
Illinois just racked up 516 rush yards on the way to humiliating Northwestern in their Wrigleyville Classic
Heat lose again. What's wrong with this team?
Remember when people said the Miami Heat weren't just going to beat the Bulls record for games won, but were going to obliterate it? They just lost to the sub-.500 Pacers. Yes, all three stars played. And they were getting crushed by halftime.
Is the NFL this boring? Action for 14seconds then cut to 4 minutes of the coach looking stern as if he's a wrestler.
Response to ESPN's Jemele Hill race and quarterbacks article
We do not play the Little Sisters of the Poor. We play very fine schools on any given day. ”-- Ohio State president E. Gordon Gee.
Dear /r/sports: the /r/CollegeBasketball reddit is criminally underpopulated. Join and root for your team!
Who's ready for the greatest rivalry game in college football?
ok who are the 24 people who disliked this so﻿ I can dunk on them with my nuts in their face
TIL that Blake Griffin of the LA Clippers has a brother, Taylor Griffin, who plays in Europe
FSU headed to the ACC Championship to face VT, beat UF for the first time since 2003
FSU
The new Ray Finkle.
This is why you should not pick a twitter username the same as a 128 year old sporting contest between 2 countries ... ROFL
Buffalo WR Steve Johnson sends an angry tweet to god after dropping game-winning pass.
Why isn't everyone talking about Sam Bradford??
Should-have-been Heisman Trophy winner Toby Gerhart Runs over the Redskins defense for his first NFL touchdown.
A Tale of Two Matts - The Divergent Career Paths of Matt Leinart and Matt Cassel 
Dear ESPN...
Brandon Marshall didn't need to use his hands...
Why LeBron is to blame
Wouldn't it be awesome if the Cleveland fans all just agreed to stay home when LeBron comes to town? Let the Heat play to an empty arena.
To all cavaliers fans, thursday night you have the duty to entertain all of us on national t.v and show lebron what you got.
Sorry, but LeBron's a lost cause
If I were Pat Riley, I'd start thinking about trading LeBron James for a nice center and another guard.
Inspiring: Teen Runner Crawls Across Finish Line for Coach (video)
Game of Numbers: How the BCS Rules College Football
FIFA joins the dhimmitude club as they cave in to Islamic financial blackmail and award reactionary Islamofascist monarchy of Qatar the World Cup.
Jeter resigns with Yankees
Depressed Beaver Fan -- Go Ducks!
I hope Rex Ryan's comment bites him in the ass tonight.  
Go eagles waaaahooo!
Refs in Pats Jets game
Chargers move to LA back on? With no politicians left to control and no taxpayers left to blackmail, it looks more likely than ever before. 
How can you complain about LeBron moving after seeing this picture? [pic]
It took the Illini and Oakland 7:22 into the first half to realize they were playing with a women's basketball
Curse you Stuart Scott!
Supporting a powerful institution (NCAA) that exploits the poor (athletes) for the economic benefit of the rich (coaches and executives) is what we’ve been doing unabated in America ever since Ronald Reagan
Linus Omark Angers Tampa Bay Lightning Players With Show-Off Shootout Move In NHL Debut
James Harden and his magnificent beard dunk all over JJ Hickson.  
Check out this new golf movie site called best golf movies. It has quotes, video clips, actor info, and other info. from all the best golf movies.
The only way things could get worse for the Broncos is if they don't lose the rest of their games
Fucking Phillies. Phillies in hunt for Cliff Lee
Jets coach who admitted to tripping Dolphins player fined $25,000 and suspended for the remainder of the season
Hey New York...
Take that Cliff Lee!!!!!!  Yankees sign Russell Martin :(
Jets’ Coach who tripped Dolphins player Suspended For Season, Fined $25,000
New York Giants DT Barry Cofield does a taser dance after sacking Tarvaris Jackson on MNF
BCS official rips Sports Illustrated's anti-BCS cover story for failing to quote any student-athletes – Does so in an article that fails to quote any student-athletes
Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban pursuing plan to implement college football playoff system
A huge scandal is about to break involving the University of Texas football team. 
Danny Woodhead attempts to sell his own jersey at sporting goods store.
Orlando Magic, Phoenix Suns agree on multiplayer deal, sources say - ESPN
McNabb half-off? I know what I am getting my brother for Christmas!
He does this before every game and after every practice. 
After 9 yrs., 480 games, 22 goals, &amp; 127 fights in his career Eric Boulton gets his first Hat Trick. Congrats you Scotian basturd.
Holy Shit...The Detroit Lions actually won a game on the road after 26 straight losses!!!
Dear Santa, Since Favre is now starting against the Bears tonight, will you please let Brian Urlacher officially end Favre's career during the game?  Sincerely, -Chicago  PS - Go Bears!
This is the laptop Cam Newton stole.  Not only does he throw it out a window, he goes full retard and paints over the entire thing and puts his name on it like it is a game of finder's keepers.
If you didn't already hate the Pittsburgh Steelers, you will after hearing them sing Christmas songs in this video
Watch: The World's worst hurdler becomes an internet star
Ray Lewis wants to remind everybody that he's still a prick.
Suspended Buckeyes should cut ties with unfair system, turn pro 


Read more: http://sportsillustrated.cnn.com/2010/writers/andy_staples/12/23/ohio-state-suspensions-nfl/index.html#ixzz18yTzP3yJ
Lookout NBA players in Minny, Sacramento, NJ, Charlotte, DC and other bottom dwellers. Lebron is calling for your jobs.
Damn You Patriots
Miami and Notre Dame warned not to cross over border and get killed while at Sun Bowl
Obama applauds Eagles for giving Vick second chance
International appeal of NFL?
A beginners guide to appreciating football in all its wonderful forms (but mostly the Premiership)
Baddest 12 year old basketball player on the planet! SMH!
You mad bro? [Hawkeye Edition]
Matt Cassel-Pro Bowl Snubbed or... What are the merits for a Pro Bowl invite? Does one consider it the best player in their respected position of the time? Is the player whose having the best year? Or is it merely a popularity contest like all the other sport’s all-star games?

Dwyane Wade to LeBron James
Can you tell I got hit? [PIC]
The last girl's basketball that will ever be watched 
To all those who said the Huskies this year were the worst team to ever play in the Holiday Bowl...
Billy Cundiff: The 30-year kicker who went from 2.2 touchbacks per year('05-'09) to 38 so far in 2010.
This site was built for kickboxing fans and for people who would like to get some more information before they decide whether kickboxing is for them.
Just a reminder ESPN Streak for the Cash just reset for the month and year with a new twist.
DAE just watch the anthems played at the Winter Classic?
Big Ten Humiliated
DAE read and listen to Bill Simmons so much that they wish they had a pocket Bill Simmons so that they could ask him questions/opinions?
Tom Coughlin Will Return in 2011
Two former massage therapists are suing Brett Favre and the NY Jets, charging that they were fired after spurning the quarterback's crude digital advances.
My favorite moment of the 2010-11 NFL season...
Michigan Fires Football Coach Rich Rodriguez
How much do you think Terelle Pryor will sell his Sugar Bowl ring for? Shall we start the bidding at $100?
Roberto Alomar, Bert Blyleven get into Baseball Hall of Fame 
Quite possibly my favorite Sportscenter Commercial. Would you take this elevator?
Andrew Luck staying at Stanford
Video: Tony Dungy on Manning's game preparation
Jim Harbaugh, San Francisco 49ers agree to 5-year deal
The Chicago Sun-Times does not even know who Matt Garza is (that's Joaquin Benoit)
Apparently Michael Jordan thinks he is all that AND a bag of chips.
Can we go ONE Saints game without hearing about Katrina?
Watch it while its still hot (and before they snag it off youtube)  Marshawn Lynch's run from a few mins ago.. 
New York Jets defeat the Indianapolis Colts with a game winning field goal
See Marshawn Lynch's touchdown run up to 1080p
Marshawn Lynch's tribute to Michael Jackson at the end of his epic 67 yard TD run
World's best gutter ball
How to reform NCAA football and the dump the BCS
Kobe; the greatest of all time. FACTS INSIDE!
National Championship- When I don't have a clear favorite or disdain for a team playing I pick the squad with the best looking cheerleaders....
Philly Rageguy
If colleges can't even get something as simple as a football postseason right, I can't even imagine how badly they can fuck up a history department. You know who won the Civil War? AUSTRALIA. It's true!
So Michael Dyers big touchdown run to set up the game winning field goal for Auburn? yeah, his wrist was down. [video]
DAE think football needs to change the rule so that if you fall, and land on someone, you're still down? 
LeBron boasts Karma got the Cavs as they get destroyed by Lakers.  WOW
The United States of Brady
Cavalier Can’t Take The Heat, Move To Another Hotel
Pat's Wes Welker tries to set the record for most foot references in a press conference before taking on Rex Ryan's Jets this weekend
Jaws picked the Jets, but also picked the Pats...
Boy wears Steelers jersey to school, gets sent home : A 13-year-old student at Tacoma's Truman Middle School just wanted to show his team spirit when he wore a Pittsburgh Steelers jersey to his school's Seahawks appreciation day on Friday.
Rebel Yelp: The Decline of Ole Miss | Youth for Western Civilization
11-5 meets 8-9
10-year old Charlotte Checkers fan with neurofibromatosis wants to move from NY to NC to keep up with his favorite hockey players. Parents are on-board.
OSU's horseshoe made with 1 million legos [video slideshow]
Why is hockey not more popular among the masses? 
Sources of the Average American's Soccer Knowledge
I can't decide if I agree or disagree with this article yet, but I'm leaning towards agree: Lance's good works matter above all else, even steroids
What an idiot.
Application To Become A Green Bay Packer Fan
Is it just me or is there a lot of Blake Griffin circkljerking going on in r/sports?
Blake Griffin goes coast-to-coast, spins at the top of the key and dunks it home vs. the T-Wolves
Whether you're a Bears or Packers fan, I think we should all agree this wins the smack-talking war!
I just don't understand fouling at the end of the game. 
A brilliant suggestion for women's basketball
I rented a Jetski to cruise around the 10,000 islands from Marco Island and it was AMAZING
AFC Championship: Battle of the Rapists
American football, which for years has struggled to promote itself outside the U.S., has developed an ardent and growing following in former communist countries of Central and Eastern Europe.
What NFL players had to say about Jay Cutler
After defeating the New York Jets 24-19, the Pittsburg Stealers move onto the Super Bowl to face the Green Bay Packers!
Enjoy the taste of defeet, Mr. Ryan
WOW! NHL is getting desperate
Fired for sporting a Packers Tie in Chicago
Derrick Rose is NBA MVP so far
The only reason I'm rooting for the packers in the super bowl
25 years in prison: The saving power of football for a wrongly convicted former Nebraska HS star
Former Packer: Jay Cutler's Tampon Fell Out On National TV
Aaron Rodgers belt celebration compilation set to music.
Seriously, what’s up with Aaron Rodgers and his “belt celebration” after each TD? 
Anaheim Ducks Accused of Abusing Jewish Player
DAE like Jay Cutler more after the public bashing he took during and after the NFC championship game?
Why football (soccer) won't catch on in the US.
Florida's Chandler Parson's makes a big three-point shot--then gets hit in the nuts by a celebrating teamate.
Dunno, I dunno have a good feeling about this whole Jimmer thing. Any1 with me?
Be a MAN Matthew Hasselbeck
I apologize for linking a George Lopez clip, but Brian Wilson is hilarious
SF Giant's Brian Wilson is a sea captain on Lopez Tonight
Very, very quietly, the Ausstralian Open has turned out to be a great event with some big characters. Federer, Nadal, and the Williams sisters might not be playing, but it's still worth watching if you’re up at 3 a.m., sober or not.
PACKERS FANS: my friend designs these amazing sunglasses thingers, and has come out with a packers line just for the superbowl, take a look! yes we are from WI. 
ESPN poll: Superbowl XLV
On Wednesday, it will 25 years since the beginning of the end of men's college sports like Wrestling and Hockey
Charles Barkley on Michael Jordan: I don't understand why they let him slip in there with a Hitler mustache. That was not good.
If possible, can we take the politics out of this video and discuss whether the description of the NFL and the MLB given by Bill Maher last Friday is accurate from a sport fan's perspective?  Is the cause-and-effect of sports business policy as described?
Pittsburgh-area hospital wrapping babies in Terrible Towels
Sorry to hear about the knee confusion, Gilbert
Are X-Gamers the Best?
Michelle Beadle made some moderately humorous Super Bowl ad parodies. 
This looks like a pretty painful dunk [video]
these guys put their ass on the line and should be making more money than a quarterback covered in padding. (they even have a similar tournament format to NCAA)
The NFL is effectively a socialist government, where wealth is distributed evenly (through profit sharing), and the welfare of struggling teams is boosted through the draft system. Discuss.
Michael Vick has nothing on these sled dog killers (crossposted from /r/canada and /r/vancouver)
Dunk of the Night— Blake Griffin breaks out the huge windmill in the open court.  
Can somone please photoshop Shawn Bradley getting dunked on by Blake Griffin?
'Outta Control' - NFL and Super Bowl XLV Theme Song
Kobe and the Clutch Playoff Performance Myth
Hey, Packers Fans, check out this NFL contract from 1944.
XPOST Syracuse point shaving scandal... the 2-3 zone can't stop this!
Black and Yellow remix for the Pittsburgh Penguins. It is pretty awesome.
That's the Most Illegal Thing I've Seen in the History of Wrestling!
Top 100 Sports Pictures of 2010
Bruins and Stars Fight 3 Times in First 4 Seconds of Game. Awesome HD VIDEO
DAE agree that Gus Johnson is the most entertaining broadcaster ever?
Man Trading Girlfriend for Super Bowl Tickets
Pittsburgh area Steel workers forced to work during the Superbowl or face severe disciplinary action.
Mets owners accused of reaping $300 million from Madoff scheme

The 10 lowest-rated Super Bowl commercials of the decade
Five Selfish Reasons Why the Packers Deserve to Win the Super Bowl
No Cheerleaders at Super Bowl XLV 
Reddit, I get a BJ if the Packer's win today!  GO PACK GO!
Serious Question: If the Packers are owned by 112,000 people, shouldn't they each get a super bowl ring? 
TIL that Charles Barkley was not in the original *NBA Jam* because he had his own game called *Barkley's Shut Up and Jam!*
Dallas- enjoy your last Super Bowl for a while.
Too Many Urkels On Your Team Thats Why Your Wins Low...
Hilarious!! Daniel Tosh's Unaired Super Bowl Commercial 
LeBron James: 20 Reasons He Made the Right Choice by Joining The Miami Heat
Pat Riley should make Jerry Sloan the coach of the Miami Heat.
Keep an eye on this one.
I'm so happy Jesus Shuttlesworth went to Big State instead of Tech U. Really paid off for him tonight.
UCONN's football team will be just fine next season
I know a lot of you may not be NASCAR fans, but Ten years ago, stock car racing's last great roughneck hit the wall and the wall won. Seems a little mean for a post about his death.
Watching this World Series of Rugby.  Anybody else get the feeling the USA could troll this crap by sending in a bunch of NFL players?
Ending Villanova's 46 game home winning streak........guys.....guys.....chill the fuck out......I got this 
Stay classy Madison
TIL: The first NFL playoff game was played inside a basketball arena on a field that was 80 yards long and teams were moved back 20 yards when they crossed midfield
The Onion: Kids In 'Scared-Straight' Program Visit Horrifying Cleveland Cavaliers Practice
Blanton Has A Posse
LeBron James: 'Not To Rub It In, But Do You Sort Of See Why I Left The Cavaliers Now?'
Wade Launches Full-Court Alley-Oop To LeBron (VIDEO)
Helmets are banned in Women's Lacrosse in an effort to *prevent* brain injury
Blake Griffin fouled by the backboard trying to dunk
Jim Gray interrupts PGA player during his round to question him about being late to his tee time. Confrontation ensues after round. Why do networks keep hiring this guy?

February 18th, 2011 is the 10th anniversary of the death of Dale Earnhardt, Sr...
Awesome alley-oop from John Wall to Blake Griffin
James Jones Wins 3-Point Contest! Big Upstet For the Celtics.
Knicks and Nuggets close a HUGE trade.  All I can say is fuck you isiah, fuck you dolan.
statistical analysis of the Melo Knicks trade, based on wins and win value in salary
Miguel Cabrera- Alcoholism Comics
Deron Williams finds out about trade watching SportsCenter. (Surprise!)
Tim Floyd, Coach of UTEP, ejected last night.  He won't leave the court.  So the police escort him off.  Awesome. [vid]
Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban lambasted the NBA for allowing the league-owned New Orleans Hornets' trade with Sacramento Kings
Oscar.
Iran threatens 2012 boycott because Olympic logo looks like the word 'zion'
You can't hate on Blake Griffin...I mean LOOK at this!
The 50 Greatest Comebacks in Sports History

Red Sox owner John Henry reveals he was fined 500K for comments regarding revenue sharing (xpost from /r/baseball)
A six-month investigation by by Sports Illustrated and CBS News has found that 7% of players on some of the top college football teams have criminal records, many for violent crime
Watching the Duke-Clemson game i need to vent... Duke gets every. fucking. call.
as the owners demand an 18 game season, i was reminded of the story of Ted Johnson, former linebacker for the Patriots, who after 10 years of NFL play, suffers from early Alzheimers. His doctors believe that by the time he turns 50, he'll have severe Alzheimers and limited cognitive abilities. 
Baseball fan flowchart - for whom should you root?
Scumbag Northug
Micky Mantle was faster than Bo Jackson, Deion Sanders and Ichiro...bull fucking shit. 
In anticipation of tonight's Duke vs. Carolina game: Harrison Barnes, based god
Pint-Sized Pin Machine: 8-Year-Old Wrestling Champ
Dutching is simply the weighing of bets based on the 
odds to get an even return
Joe Posnanski is a fantastic sportswriter, he is persuasive, but sometimes you just agree with everything he is saying: like this about the Heat.
Does anyone find themselves becoming a fan of the Heat because of how much they're despised? Just hear me out...
Has the New Washington Wizards Logo Been Leaked?
Shouldn't we be happy that the Miami Heat were crying?
God damn I hate March Madness.
Who's on your all White NBA Team?
Come on LeBron, that's Kobe's job.
LeBron sporting capris? *New Sprite commercial*
Bleacher Report stoops to a new low, creates slideshow about Japan's Earthquake and the other worst sports related disasters.
Unblinking Cricket Fan
On Tressel: Since 2006, the NCAA has sanctioned 27 schools for violating bylaw 10.1, which requires coaches and others to be truthful and forthcoming about possible NCAA violations. Of the 12 coaches involved, only one kept his job. The others either resigned or were fired by their schools.
Revenge. The Kansas Jayhawks top the Texas Longhorns for the Big 12 tournament crown.
Because it needs to be up... Printable NCAA tournament bracket.
How to deal with a child who roots for your most hated rival
The World’s Best Soccer Players 
My March Madness bracket, what do you think?
As a Packers fan and resident of Green Bay, this has been on my mind since talks of the Lock out started
Pitt is OUT!  and Obama's bracket = BUSTED
Wrestler completes perfect season by winning NCAA title...with one leg
Sacramento Kings file trademark names for Anaheim
Madden 12 Cover Revealed! 
Best Duke Basketball Player Ever?
OSU's Jim Tressel Is Not Photogenic
Someone call 911, Montreal just got MURDERED In Boston. (Don't Actually call 911, I'm looking at you Habs fans... Yes, You)
Celtics lost to the Bobcats last night... wtf is wrong with this team?
The dream continues, UConn advances to Final Four!
Leagues and cable providers - I will stop illegally streaming games online when you let me purchase a season pass for only my favorite teams' games, instead of $200+ per season for all games
If his last college game is what he's bringing to the NBA, then I'd say, in five years, he's got a really good chance to be your Provo area Isuzu dealer.
Happy birthday Byron Scott! Basketball ex player, now coach turns 50
BBC News - Johnny Depp to star in Ricky Gervais new comedy
Out of 5,923,829 who entered online in the ESPN Men's Tournament Challenge only 2 picked this Final Four
Shaka's Got 'Em Believing!
Anybody else think this is the best sports talk show out there?
In honor of opening day here is the best opening day photo of all time.  Can you find the bird?
Want to watch SportsCenter ad...HAVE TO WATCH SPORTSCENTER AD FIRST
UPDATE: MARK CUBAN RESPONSE... Dear Mark Cuban: Act Like A Billionaire So I Can Dream
DAE miss bench clearing fights in the NBA?  Post your favorite fight videos.
My Toledo Rockets won their first ever WNIT title yesterday.
Mike Greenberg blasted on Radio/TV for suggesting the BCS is better than the March Madness. Turns out he was right.
Good article on the NCCAB title game. Check it out, my friends the writer!!
Noticed this during the Mariners/Rangers game last night.
Tonight a MLS team can advance to a Champions League final for the first time ever. 
Hitler reacts to Missouri hiring Frank Haith.
LeBron's new animated series based on his old Nike ads: The LeBrons!! 
Boy uses own money to return 'The Fridge's Super Bowl Ring--- very cool kid
Lebron's mom arrested for drunken fight.
Did Rory McIlroy birdie the wrong ball on the Par-3 4th hole in the 2011 Masters? (click on Rory's name and then watch the video for the 4th hole)
Move aside Royals fans. Let US enjoy it while it lasts
Manny Ramirez retires after MLB notifies him of drug-policy issue
Manny Ramirez just retired after being busted again!
hey r/sports, if these existed, how many of you would wear them?
This dude is having an existential crisis about being a Boston sports fan, and I don't blame him. Who wants to be a d-bag by association? 
I'm sick and tired of the bullshit people\media say about Philadelphia sports fans.
When the officer informed Iverson that he was towing the vehicle due to two years of expired tags, Iverson then said, Take the vehicle. I have 10 more... Would you want to pay $10,000 for a tag?” Oh Iverson... :/
Why should I care at TV ratings for a sporting event?
Kobe Bryant Fined $100,000 For Use Of Anti-Gay Slur
David Beckham showing us why he is a superstar
Lakers Kobe Bryant fined $100,000 for slur against gays
Norm MacDonald as Blake Griffin (Video)
DAE watch Sportsnation and this is just about the only reason?
The Miami Heat are the only team in the top 5 in both offense and defense.
TIL every NBA player to win MVP has gone on to make the Hall of Fame
I dont care what your sport of choice is. This is impressive.
Why Barry Bonds belongs in the Hall of Fame -Jon Heyman
I can't be the only one....
Dirk Nowtizki plays rope-a-dope for 3 quarters, dominates in 4th.
Man who wrote Da-da-da-DA da-DAA - charge! song wants to er, charge for it
These officials are getting sketchy
Advice to Red Sox fans from a Cubs fan
We need an impartial inquiry by a legit writer.
What is the greatest athlete troll of all time?
This is easily the DOUCHIEST play-by-play coverage of the Brent Johnson/Rick DiPietro Hockey Fight that ended with a 1-Punch knockout. This guy must be from Jersey Shore.
MADDEN 12 Cover: Hillis vs Vick.  We are so close to getting Hillis on there.....
Cincinnati Reds pitcher Mike Leake arrested for stealing $59.88 worth of clothing from Macy's
Time Lapse of an Arena switching from Hockey to Basketball
The time has come. The seemingly impossible final of Peyton Hillis vs. Michael Vick for the Madden 12 cover. Vote Hillis!!
If Locals Got To Name Their MLB Teams
I don't think anyone can deny how awesome Brian Wilson is
An object thrown from the Rose Garden stands hit Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban in the face during Thursday night's Game 3 loss
The recently released NFL schedule leaves open the possibility that there could be no games the first three scheduled weeks and all 16 regular-season games could still be played.
Anyone want to share a method of watching baseball games when you don't have cable?
Dolphins WR Brandon Marshall hospitalized after stabbing
With the Heat poised to sweep the Sixers I thought this was relevant.
U.S. pro sports fans, where's your passion?
NBA Fans, Come to r/nba!
Who is the best pro athlete that is currently on a terrible team?
Ducks Winger Scores JAW-DROPPING Goal
Ohio State Buckeyes coach Jim Tressel targeted in NCAA's notice of allegations
NFL Draft will supposedly have its worst viewer turnout ever.  That isn't stopping 25 young men from putting themselves through the awkward wait to shake Goodell's hand. Who will wait longest?
As a human being, it is your duty to watch tonight's Blackhawks–Canucks game
Jonathan Toews with a shorthanded goal, you've got to be kidding me. Fuck it, this is destiny.
As a Red Wings fan, this makes me happy.
Everything you need to know for tonight's NFL Draft
DAE Feel like ESPN anchors treat Barry Melrose like the kid in the Marching Band that always wears a Fedora?
When I was in Middle School... EVERYONE had this hat. So tell me, did this school/mascot ever exist?
Think cricket is boring? Think again -- Thoughts from a North American cricket fan
18,000 People Cheer Thing Going Through Thing
David Wright on Mets/Phillies game during Osama announcement last night: “I don’t like to give the Philly fans too much credit, but they got this one right.
 Did People vote for Petyon Hillis or did they just vote against Michael Vick?
reddit's upcoming talk radio station is looking for sports shows. Would anyone be interested in doing either a live sports show, or having their podcasts rebroadcast? If so, please put in an application. We'd love to have you.
Walkoff!  Matsui goes yard and the A's take 3 of 4 from Texas to move within 1 game of first.
A very interesting video on how black athletes get treated in Europe
How Many Championships Do You Have As A Fan In Your Lifetime?
Rajon Rondo gets knocked on his butt, and these people decided to photoshop it
Crazy Drunk Redsox Fan Climbs Lightpole....does Pullups?
Bill Simmons and Keith Olbermann's bitch fight on twitter
Underhanded free throws, Bank shots, and their place in basketball (WARNING: Wall of Text)
This is a lot of fun: Pick NBA playoff winners and trash talk your friends
MAVS fans unite!! This is a great day for us all!
KOBE HOW MY BROOM TASTE
Did the Lakers Get Swept?
Saw this today in Wal-Mart. Seems like they're in a hurry to get rid of all this.
I know where Barstools Sports Philly gets their material from.... where else but Reddit.
New Jason 'The Jet' Terry 2010-2011 Mix
The Chicago Bulls take a 3-2 series lead defeating the Atlanta Hawks 83-95.
Can we refrain from posting results in titles for those of us who wish to watch the games?
Collection of Bynum cheap shots with half-assed apology
Vince Young Can Throw The Ball
What I think about the NFL Lockout
Fuck ya! Fuck ya! Ah fuck!!!
Ryan Lambert bashes Detroit Red Wings.  I have no idea how this guy can be taken seriously as a sports writer. He is totally obnoxious and supremely stupid. That's not a great combo.
Player slows down to let defense catch up, then posterizes defender.
Just a reminder: The last time Derrick Rose was on a stage this big, he missed a free throw with 10.8 seconds left that almost certainly would have sealed the game and given the Memphis Tigers their first title.
5 Reasons to give the sport of cricket a chance
Phoenix Suns CEO and president reveals he is gay
If Gods Were Drafted Like Fantasy Sports
I have to ask, why so much hatred towards the Miami Heat?
The Cleveland Indians are currently beating the Royals 19-1. In the top of the 6th. Apparently we have to make up for the good pitching recently.
Taj Gibson's dunks stole the show, but the entire Bulls frontcourt dominated. Whoever taught Omer Asik to jump straight up in front of the hoop deserves a raise, because it is impossible to score over him.
2 1/3 innings, 14 earned runs: details on the worst pitching performance ever (it happened Monday)
Redditors, If anyone knows this manbaby please speak up and tell us if this thing is real
The Clippers just got the #1 pick in the 2011 NBA draft! Too bad it was already traded away to the Cavaliers. Besides, Dan Gilbert's son looked like a lil' pimp, and they needed that karma bad.
Why does SOCCER have a vastly superior atmosphere to any other sport? (not a soccer fan btw)
I always love me some Charles...in an entirely non-homosexual manner...not that there is anything wrong with that...
I never thought I would say this, but....   GO BULLS!
Why are other countries able to produce elite basketball and baseball players yet we can't produce one elite soccer player?
Two Upvotes for the Brewers!
Kevin Durant Made 7 Footer Brendan Haywood His Bitch
Cyclist Tyler Hamilton hands over gold medal after accusing Lance Armstrong of doping.
Great walk off by Prince Fielder made so much better by the double bird at 1:10.
Last year this time the Cleveland Indians had a record of 15-26. Currently the Tribe has the best record in the Major League.
If the Heat play the Thunder in the NBA Finals ...
Even if you don't like Pro Wrestling, you gotta admit this is insane.
Maybe if Romo wasn't winning Golf Championships in the off season he might actually get a RING.
Millionaires v. billionaires or them v. us? - 
Why the NFL would do us a favor by calling off the coming season
Bill Simmons tribute to the Macho Man
This pretty much sums up what I think about Joakim Noah's 'slur'
13 year-old kid executes a perfect bicycle kick.
Man, ESPN is one creepy organization
R/Sports...to me...this is what is wrong with Google
Nice blog post examining the foul discrepancies in Game 3 of the Bull-Heat series. (video)

The Mets find a sucker to take on a minority share
The Red Sox have now scored 14 runs in each of the last 2 games
Buckeyes adrift in a sea of lies (Ohio State: rotten to the core)
Does anyone else remember those Jim Rome brutally honest commercials that ran on FSN?
NASCAR Awards Driver $50,000 For Homophobic Comments
Anyone else feel we are in a great generation of sports?
Why I wasn't named Michael Jordan (Lastname)

It's probably not a good sign when your stadium catches on fire and your fans immediately think insurance fraud.
Ref at center of referee corruption story Tim Donaghy says refs will favor the Heat against the Mavs
If the technique in Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind were real, what sports figure or memory would you have erased from your mind forever?
Jim Tressel resigns as Ohio State's football coach
Jim Tressel Resignation Timing Screws Over Ohio State
Images for the new Gatorade campaign!
'How Quickly They Forget'
Dad Crushes His Kid En Route To Catching A Foul Ball (video)
Dad drops daughter trying to catch foul ball 
Playboy Playmate Turns Down Celtics Rondo
Thanks for 19 years, Shaq. Happy retirement.
Go CANUCKS Go! (go ahead NHL Corp, sue me you dicks)
These Are Probably Photoshopped Buckeye Helmet Stickers (Probably)

Marc Jackson is an idiot. Encourages dirty play.
Who would win in a 3 on 3 game between Wade/
Bosh/LeBron and Jordan/Pippen/Rodman?
Nate Montana, son of Joe Montana and University of Montana QB, arrested for D.U.I.
Does anybody realize that the infamous Decision led to over $2 million in donations to Boys &amp; Girls Clubs throughout Ohio?

Mavs Get No Love 
Some merchandise that I created for the Vancouver Canucks playoff run
ESPN/SI:  When you write an article about an 
upcoming game, please include the start time of 
the game.  That is all.
Pretty good sign for the Heat
Mess In Morgantown: West Virginia's Bill Stewart Passed Damaging Information On Dana Holgorsen To Press, Report Says
Notre Dame business prof concludes that the BCS should be subject to anti-trust litigation
BCS strips USC's 2004 title - 
What are some sports that you won't watch out of principle?
Bryce Harper And The Kiss: A Preview Of The Next Fifteen Years
In less than 18 hours, Bill Simmons' website Grantland launches! 
Bosh is more of a Kaminoan that an ostrich or an Avatar. 
A good buddy of mine from elementary school got first round drafted.
Gordon Gee learns that IOUs are just as good as money. [gif]
NCAA Football '12 Team Rankings Leaked; Start Your Complaining Engines
NBA Finals 2011: Dallas Mavericks Outperforming Miami Heat In High-Fives
I'm a finals only fan so help me out, why all the hype about Bosch?
Plaxico Burress Returns Home To His Family, Accidentally Shoots Them
You go Dirk...
Scumbag Lebron
Forever...
Mavericks about to win the NBA Championship. Are you happy they won or that the Heat lost?
How many championships were you supposed to win Lebron?
Although I'm A Heat Fan, No One Deserves It More Than This Guy (a.k.a. give this guys a fucking ring) [fixed]
Nowitzkis fourth-quarter total for the series -62 points, matching the combined total in the fourth for the series for Wade and LeBron
The Loss of the Ring
Michael Jordan Disses LeBron James Rise Commercial [video]
His Precious!
Barack Obama declares today National LeBron James Day...
Game 7?  Let's go Boston
Lebron Rookie vs James Miami
Lebron James the next Scottie Pipen, not MJ
Mark Cuban at a urinal, with the NBA Championship Trophy. Where Amazing Happens
Lest we forget: Kareem won 6 out of the 10 NBA MVP awards between 1971 and 1980. No one else has won 6. MJ and Russell won 5 each.
Amazing -- Every young Boston sports fan born prior to February 6, 2005 has now been alive for all 4 Boston teams winning Championships.
The view outside my Vancouver apartment...
The Boston-area sports team with the longest championship drought is now the Patriots. 
Damn Laker Fans!.... oh wait!?
Top 10 Sports
ESPN streak for the Cash leader ineligible?
Would the riots have happened if The United States had beaten Canada in the Olympics Gold Medal match?
Police Blame Stanley Cup Riots On Anarchists : These were people who came equipped with masks, goggles and gasoline, even fire extinguishers that they would use as weapons, Chu said of Wednesday night's melee.
Which American has the best chance of winning the US Open? Or, is this McIlroy's time to run away with a tournament?
I believe the NHL should punish Vancouver fans by having the entire 2011-2012 season played in an empty arena.
-Bolt-
Why LeBron Will NEVER Be As Good As Jordan
Caroline Wozniacki hijacks Novak Djokovic's pre-tournament press conference
This seems to be happening again today.
Full of Win: Shaq vs TheBigShow
Rory McElroy golfing at age 9 on TV.  Shockingly, he was pretty good back then, too! [vid]
Riggleman quits, feels Nats not committed to him - MLB - Yahoo! Sports
Old-timers James Toney and Ken Shamrock have agreed to face off in an MMA match
U-M bball recruit survives 2 plane crashes in 8 years. Between both crashes he lost 6 family members
The Team USA defensemen are the LeBrons of soccer.
Eryka's Fight: Clark athlete returns to field after fiery brush with death
I'm with Beano when it comes to soccer, maybe young hipsters care but most adult Americans don't
It was the only time I ever did steroids. I did it for like six or eight weeks. You can print this, I don't give a fuck. My fastball went from 79 to like 85.
-- Charlie Sheen to SI in an interview about 'Major League'
The Top 20 Least Lovable Players in world Football
Comment for the NBA...
NBA closing in on a lockout. I'm just going to give up trying to watch sports this year
This may take a while, but if you are a sports fan, you may enjoy...
Why pitchers shouldn't hit! Or maybe Carmona was just that bad.
What I felt like when Djokovic beat Nadal...
A slightly old video, but still interesting for people interested in running: Alan Webb runs the first sub-4:00 mile by a high schooler.
Oh fuck me! Favre may un-retire.. again....  
Is sabathia the biggest all-star snub in the history of baseball?
MLB is using balls infused with real gold at the Home Run Derby
‪Rangers Fan Falls to his death trying catch a foul ball‬‏-Wanna bet Congress holds hearings and passes an another law to protect people from themselves?
Doug Stanhope to Josh Hamilton: Jesus wants you to start using again and stop killing.
If Jose Bautista hits 62 home runs this year, should he be celebrated as the single season home run record holder?
Josh Hamilton talks about Shannon Stone’s death: One day after being part of the tragic accident that resulted in a fan's death, Texas Rangers star Josh Hamilton returned to work with a heavy heart.
Japanese women upset Germany in World Cup quarterfinals. It is the first loss for Germany in the World Cup since before 2003
Is this really a significant stat?
I bet ESPN would love to go All-Stark, all the time...
Can I suggest to everyone who watched the game today but doesnt like soccer: Maybe you should check out more games?
This is the kind of creative advertising I appreciate from a company.
Who is the best American football player you've ever seen?
Paul Pierce Finally Eliminated from the World Series of Poker Main Event
How Hollywood Does Sports
DAE think the ESPY's should have used this as a recap for Giants/Eagles?
DAE think marshawn lynch got robbed for best play at the ESPYs
A feel-good sports story amidst Violations and Lockouts - Paralyzed Rutgers Scarlet Knights football player Eric LeGrand stands up during therapy
At least the NBA Players have a plan during the Lockout
A Critique of America's Pastime
This is an absolute joke. Clemens voluntarily went before Congress in 2008, unleashed a stream of whoppers that would have made any polygraph explode, and got slapped with a perjury indictment. It’s all erased now.
Where will you be watching the Women's World Cup final?
Hitler reacts to news about the CBA, written by Chris Kluwe
Remember those North Korean women's soccer players that got hit by lightning? Turns out they were on 'roids too...or, according to the NK government, deer musk glands. To treat the wounds from the lightning strike. Yeah.
Sorry USA but you...
Reggie Bush family takes back Heisman
Sepak takraw - Final Match Thailand v. Malaysia
Tom Watson: Still Handing In Great Scorecards...While Holding An AARP Card
The home run record should go back to Roger Maris.
In case you forgot how TOTALLY AWESOME this guy is...
NFL owners vote to ratify proposal to end lockout
Manager, Pitcher Go Through Entire Bottle Of Wine During Really Great Mound Visit
Tom Brady makes less than half of what his wife does
These people are fucking losers.
How to make the Tour de France more interesting [hint: weapons]
The incompetence of the Mets extends to its Grounds Crew, Or: The best fan on the field ever!
Amir Khan has the same killer instinct as Manny Pacquiao, says strength trainer, ahead of Zab Judah fight
Jimmy Kimmel's Prank on Ron Artest [xpost from r/nba]
Tour De France question
This kid has some serious hops.  Serious.  No wonder his name is Shaq.
I FOUND THE SMOKIN HOT ONE
I was hoping the NFL lockout wasnt going to end so this would happen. 
ESPN's Greatest Sport Moments of the 20th Century...gave me chills watching this
Sidney Rice agrees to terms with Seattle Seahawks
Hideki Irabu found dead in suspected suicide
Pats grab Ochocinco in a 3 year contract
When Game Ends, Gulls Flock to Stands 
Beltran you say ESPN ScoreCenter. Interesting. 
Ubaldo Jimenez trade to the Indians appears imminent. 
DAE think that Yani Tseng might be the most dominant athlete in the world right now? 
What are some interesting new sports websites that you know about?
When you combine Kung Fu, Soccer and Volleyball you get a sport called Sepak Takraw 
I remember one trade dead-line when the Yankees sent malaria and smallpox to the Indians in exchange for acres and acres of land.
Michael Vick doesn't give a fuck
Rugby World Cup 2011: England need to learn 'art of winning' before they can claim the ultimate prize again
OK, everyone who knew Stan Van Gundy had legit ball skills, raise your hand. NOBODY SHOULD HAVE THEIR HAND UP RIGHT NOW.
Bubba Smith dead at 66.  RIP
Fantasy Football is back...which means...
An hour with Arnold Palmer [video]
Bad news for anyone who doesn't want to see hockey highlights dominate sportscenter this year. NBA Owners and players $800 million apart on deal.
What NBA Lockout? The Lingerie Basketball League is all we need.
Champ drafts Michael Vick to his fantasy team...
IOC:  London 2012 Olympic Summer Games Have Been Cancelled Due to Riots
A MSU fan, a Notre Dame fan, and a Michigan fan, are climbing a mountain...
Anyone else love this series?
What an he do with... whoa.
College Football's 2011 All-Name Team
Dream Team or not, the Eagles could be Super Bowl bound
Dennis Rodman Hall of Fame acceptance speach
Leaving Aggression On The Field
Matthew Berry's Love/Hate List for 2011-12 Fantasy Football (Cool op piece before the article, too.)
The Uggla Duckling
Jets forward Rypien found dead
Am historic thing happened today, and everyone missed it.
The Most Intense Sport You've Never Heard Of
Ken Block tears up the Universal Studios lot in probably the most epic Gymkhana video ever made. 
NFL Sunday Ticket coming to PS3 owners with no satellite service required.
Michael Vick, you so crazy 'bout killing and torturing dogs
Texas high school football just pumping out more quality, sane fans.
Georgetown Brawl in China. And yes it is a legit BRAWL.
 It's Official: UFC signs multi-year deal with Fox Sports. Fox will air live events, while FX gets 'Ultimate Fighter'
Reddit, I need your help...
Movement of Major League Baseball teams by decade
US-China basketball game ends in bench clearing brawl
Worst CFB Rivalry Trophy - CyHawk
what do you think, are the Eagles the Heat of the NFL?
Does a WNBA bloopers/follies video exist? If not, can someone make one?
Favre look-alike fools fans.
Raiders Select Pryor With 3rd Round Pick
Reddit Sports fans please can you help?
Each of these is like the other.
Good news Indy Car fans the joke is moving on.  Danica to NASCAR full-time in 2012
MLB Network hosts freak out on set when the east coast earthquake strikes
One of the greatest free kicks I've ever seen: Ronaldo 3-1 vs Europe XI 
Please tell me I'm not the only one who doesn't give a single fuck about this...
Why Touré wrote 'If Michael Vick were white' 
Tampa Bay Buccaneers Replace Paper Playbooks with Ipads
Can we bring this to American sports please?
Tennis star Novak Djokovic's Secret: Sitting in a pressurized egg. He loves to explore the future of athletic edges—and he has the resources to do it.
It seems like Jemele Hill is going to dedicate at least one article on race and QBs every year.  Here's her latest.
For the beginning of football season and tailgating, I present to you...THE BACON EXPLOSION!
Pig Sooooie !!
'Golden Boy' De La Hoya Admits to Alcohol and Cocaine Addiction
Barca's 3-4-3 Formation: Footbal Perfected
Ronaldinho Is Not Washed Up Just Yet
New Madden soundtrack? 
Introducing r/SportsTop10, for all of your sports highlights needs. 
DeRosa: I Want To Keep Playing
Rafael Nadal: cramping more than his female fan base on their period.
Tressel already suspended by Colts
Nadal's leg cramps made his press interview extremely awkward...
And this is why Twitter during a sports game does nothing for me [pic]
Apparently Javier Vazquez is tied for 29th all time in strikeouts. That's more than Koufax, Gooden, Pettite, Hershiser among others.
Fantasy Football now on your iPhone! The Fantasy football app makes it easier to get up to the minute NFL news, and more!
Sports fans, come join us over at r/49ers!! We have a brand new layout and are in a competition to recruit as many participants as possible for an r/NFL contest!
Texas A&amp;M is moving to the SEC
Peyton Manning rumored to be out...for the ENTIRE season.
BBC News - Could rugby take off in the US?
What European soccer needs is a dose of American style socialism.
Buffalo Bills best-looking NFL team, study says
The worst part of the NFL being back are these commercials. 
The weirdest press conference this year

Notre Dame just lost what is probably going to be the game of the year, they lost in horrible fashion last week, and more than likely the Bears are going to lose to the Falcons tomorrow. Not to mention I always pull for the Cubs and I'm going through a horrible breakup. Someone please...
I'm watching Aussie rule football for the first time right now.  As an American I find this sport to be fucking awesome.
Michigan-Notre Dame
Scumbag Fox
Somebody call McNulty and Bunk
Someone please supply us all with a GIF of Romo going DERP as the snap hit him
Monday Night Football is about to start, so I'm just going to leave this here.
The most overlooked aspect of quarterbacking is accuracy Anybody else really eager for Gruden to get back to coaching and out of the booth?
SMU's Blake McJunkin won praise for cradling the head of Texas A&amp;M's Trent Hunter, in order to protect him, when Hunter's helmet came off during a pile-on.
Barcelona is stopped by AC Milan 2-2
Seriously, this is ridiculous. SHOCKER!!! NBA Rookie Caught In GAY SCANDAL!!! 
Lingerie football game - Do you guys like to watch? 
Mayweather/Ortiz Weigh-In Photos - Can't Wait
Marlins game so boring that announcers spend an inning investigating who had been trapped in the bullpen bathroom
'merica!
50 Sexiest Soccer-Hottie Pics Ever (sorry female r/sportsters)
Are we heading toward these four 16-team superconferences?
Floyd Mayweather 'GOES BATSHIT' during post-game interview with Larry Merchant.
Oh
Why is HBO treating video of last night's fight like the Zapruder film?
Is it just me or is the intro to Sunday Night Football (American) getting stupidly ridiculous?
The sixth sentence in an obituary reads: “He was a Twins fan, though angry at Joe Mauer.”
It seems they are both carrying the ball...
I thought this picture was funny
Nerd gets owned in the face after the Giants score a TD [slo-mo]
ESPN chimes in: It's time: The death penalty for the NCAA
Oklahoma wants Big 12 reform
After 21 Seasons Mike Modano is retiring from the NHL
High school football team decides against taking a knee, elects to punt the ball with a few seconds on the clock. You can see where this is going.
This is why you put your underground thumb-war ring on hold once the season starts
Ohio University football surprises its players with new jerseys, films their reactions.
[James] Harden. (x-post from r/funny)
Probably Bad News: They’re Going to Look Very
Baseball Bloodbath
Rick Reilly comes up with a number of rules on adults wearing jerseys. Thoughts?
Karma for Michael Vick!
Denis Leary and Artie Lange on Boston-New York City sports rivalry
Serious question r/sports: Could American football be improved by dropping the pads?
If You Don't Know Who This Man Is, You Should After Tonight.
I don't even like baseball, but this was my reaction to tonight
2 epic meltdowns in one night, what is this fukushima?
TIL Ken Griffey, Jr. attempted suicide
If you can't watch sports injuries....then do not watch this! One of the worst injuries I've ever seen
The Economist: With football the obvious top sport, what is the second most popular sport in the world?
Joel McHale: Life as a walk-on football player at the University of Washington - Grantland
Derek Jeter + blonde wig = Curtis painter
The Dugout meditates on the recent epic night of baseball (with extra Farnsworth goodness)
Illinois Linebacker Jonathan Brown Demonstrates the Cheap Shot | Kegs 'n Eggs Blog
my first impression, moments ago. for cowboys fans. 
This is a team whose three most famous members are stuffed sausages. How could a team with a comedian for a play-by-play guy get so seriously good? Because it's Milwaukee, where baseball is actually fun. - Rick Reilly
Alabama's bitch
Full gallery for the ESPN Magazine Body Issue...yowza.
Yankees and Rays no longer playing baseball this season
If you're a Raiders fan this might be good news: Al Davis died.
Smart use of an iPad
CFL's Calvillo passes Brett Favre, soon to become Pro Football's all-time leading passer
Help my friend decide his favorite NHL team (fb poll)
One of these things is not like the other...
Gotta love John Gruden.
Broncos name Tebow starting quarterback
A Denver Broncos Fan's Guide To American Football
The Boston Globe's version of the Red Sox collapse alleges Terry Francona melted down because of his marriage and a painkiller addiction
Cardinals refuse to provide a dedicated family section in the stands for Brewers fans. Stay classy St. Louis.
Peter Gammons: Houston Astros moving to AL west
Boaters Put a Twist on Tailgating at Washington Football Games - NYTimes.com
This is what ALL interstate rivalries should be like.
What was up with Harbaugh and Schwartz at the end of that game?
A man's reaction. 
 Indianapolis 500 winner Dan Wheldon died Sunday in a fiery 15-car wreck at Las Vegas Motor Speedway when his car flew over another on Lap 13 and smashed into the wall just outside turn 2.
Indycar Racing's Dan Wheldon has died after horrible 13 car wreck in Vegas
I wonder what the players think...
Cruel touchdown celebration
Is anyone else upset about his?
There will be an NBA season, and the Thunder will win it all
It's official. Carson Palmer traded to Raiders.
I just saw a bunch of nascar videos were top in the youtube sports section
It's been 10 years and we caught the guy.
ATTN Ron Washington: The only German who should be seen in the World Series is Dirk
Missouri has applied to the SEC. This will be Missouri's final year in the Big 12
Your broken tooth can be fixed if brought within the first half an hour
The Onion:Fox Launches 'We're Not Any Happier About This Than You Are' Campaign Promoting World Series
This is why college football is so much better than the NFL
Hurrah the French lost (and the Kiwis won)
Post game Man City Press Conference/Interview with coaches
Does anybody in Europe even care about the NFL? Why do we play games there?
Big East Screwed Itself
Looks like Mike Shanahan has been using Zach Morris' acne cream
I didnt know William Dafoe played hockey...
Jayson Carter is 4'9, 130 pounds and qualified for dwarfism. He is a NCAA football player at Rice.
Tim Tebow: Best Bad QB Since Jeff George?
On the excitement of Game 6 of the World Series
Anybody else remember this awesome game?
How can I follow game 7 of the World Series on an iPhone?
This man is responsible for making every amazing play completely boring. (Last night, Super Bowl XLII, etc..)
Joe Buck honors his late father on call during Freese's walk-off HR last night
Congrats to the Cards.
What's the longest game in NCAA Div 1 football history ?
The reason why sports in the United States consider their teams as World Champions
Tony La Russa Retiring
Still gives me a ridiculous amount of goosebumps
Would you pay $10,423.14 to attend No. 1 LSU at No. 2 Alabama?
The comments have been streaming in since midnight, and still going strong
Soccer player Galamaz severely hit and injured by aggressive fan.  Teammates who retaliate against the fan are red carded.
Share the Road 
For those of you who don't know about Ultimate Frisbee (re-post from r/ultimate)...
Too bad I can't watch the game now.... and it looked so good, too
I thought I'd already lost all respect for this guy until I saw this.
That was fast. Albert Pujols signs largest contract in Cardinal's history
College football screencap of the year.
Reddit logo on ESPN.com?
Texas HS hook-n-ladder for the win!
Former ESPN Executive, Keith Clinkscales, fighting allegation that he jerked off next to Erin Andrews. 
Shannon Sharpe: Denver Broncos should bail on $10 million Tim Tebow project
According to Deadspin, an ESPN exec had been reportedly sitting next to Andrews on a plane when she saw him masturbating underneath his iPad. When he realized that she had seen him, he panicked and muttered, 'You know, I'm one of your bosses.'
Brian Orakpo Beats Geico Caveman at Scrabble [VIDEO] TheAggregate.net
15-year-old skier to take Olympian Lindsey Vonn to Homecoming. This kid WINS.
OUr SuperBowl
Quick question: how do you score 1 point in a football game?
Looks like JoePa enabled a child predator of the worst kind... think his football success saves him from tarnish?
I'm so excited for another week of ESPN giving non-stop Teblow jobs!
My Favorite Sports Memory - the 1990 Sugar Bowl with my son.
The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen
Paterno fired over Penn St. child abuse scandal - CBS News
Is it at all fishy that the Penn State scandal and arrests didn't blow up until AFTER Paterno got the wins record?
Dan Connor, two others suspended in 2005 for prank calls. Cowherd alleges that they were pranking Sandusky and calling him a pedophile
y u no play football?
I'll just leave this here...
See you next Sunday! (x/post from r/atheism)
With all these NFL player's fingers posts going up, I just thought I would share the greatness of Anthony Munoz.
McQueary put on administrative leave
My wife started a petition to have Nike rename the Joe Paterno Child Development Center to something less galling
Some commentary of an amazing finish to a rugby match.
Are the (Miami) Marlins new uniforms the worst thing ever?
SOPA/PROTECT IP bill: Congress is considering legislation that could seriously harm sports fans and their favorite sports websites. If sports fans don't speak up, some sports blogs could be shut down in the future for violating copyright or if users post links to sites that stream games online
TIL that the Green Bay Packers are a non-profit company, co-operatively owned by the people of Green Bay and larger Wisconsin.
What trait makes Devin Hester such a phenomenal punt/kick returner?
espn debuts roll tide/war eagle film
How many of you guys have actually seen one of 
your favorite sports team win their league's 
championship?
Players reject NBA's offer, begin to disband union 
Former Penn State coach Jerry Sandusky proclaims innocence in NBC interview
From the WTAF Department: At 49, Sandusky's Lawyer Impregnated a 16-year Old Girl
Jerry Sandusky regrets showers with boys at Penn State
The NBA Player Adoption Program Needs You!
The real reason behind there being no NBA basketball.
A one-man team. (from NFL.com's power rankings)
Sometimes in the morning I think about Chris Berman...
NY Islanders have some horrible new uniforms
Porn star Klarisa Leone is getting set to own her own football club. I'd attend their games if she was there.

Read more: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-2062283/Porn-star-Klarisa-Leone-set-run-football-club.html#ixzz1dz35Z8Bj
One of the biggest, most quiet sports stories: Houston Astros sale, move means interleague play throughout the 2013 season. And a couple of more Wild Card teams.
‘Let them play ball,’ parents say of school’s ball ban
Why the HELL isn't this a real Olympic sport?!
Jerry Sandusky's Showering Claim should be considered a Crime
The day Fucking Everyone changed their logos/uniforms
Iowa State beats Oklahoma State in 2OT...Holy Shit!
Premier league scores - Van Persie at the double, Man City end Newcastles unbeaten run, Everton leave it late, 10 man Blackburn draw at the death at Wigan and all the rest of the scores
Hey, in case /r/sports is not aware, the following teams have upset the following teams...
Chris Bosh shoots down Shaq after Shaqs harsh crticism of gim in new book
Sidney Crosby Returns to Action Against the Islanders Tomorrow
Talk about being at the Wright place, at the Wright time
crazy punt return
Wow!  This is some inspiring stuff.  I can not believe she actually did that!
Dear Redditors, if you're in the mood, please help me increase sports concussion awareness.
Every time I hear the MNF announcer say Palko I hear Falco and immediately look up at my TV in surprise and hope. Then I get disappointed.
Robert Griffin III Takes the Lead in Heismanpundit.com Heisman Straw Poll | Heismanpundit
Lionel Messi Converts to Islam in this Ramadan
Favorite surprise or turn around team of 2011? (Any sport)
Pretty Amazing Scoring Display breaks DIII record
F*** the ACC, and F*** Georgia Tech!
Thanksgiving longboarding video
Script Ohio, Jump Around, Tunnel Walk: What Is Best Big Ten Tradition?
Ray Lewis a bad guy?  What's the consensus?  
I remember when he was a Royal, he stuttered so severely he couldn't do press conferences. Nice job on Game Day Mr. Bo Jackson.
The basketball Gods have answered my prayers!
USC vs. UCLA
Tebow - Palin '12
Well, that bodes well for the NBA [fixed]
Dennis Rodman trolling
Mike Francesa has something other than football on his lips. [nsfw audio]
Daredevil performs nerve-shredding tightrope walk 3,000ft above Yosemite Park... without a safety harness


Of all the divisions in the four major U.S. sports (NBA, NHL, NFL, MLB) there are only two in which every team in it has won its league's championship at least once. First to name the two gets lots and lots of Karma.
Training Products
backflip off a cliff...nice form
Source: ESPN has a lot of sources.
Lebron James vs. Kevin Durant Flag football game starts tonight at 8pm est
Would there be any benefit to having a ambidextrous QB?
Meet Urban Meyer, Douchebag
Magic Johnson Dodgers: Magic Johnson Says He's Bidding for Dodgers
Statistical analysis shows that Tim Tebow really IS the biggest reason for Denver's improvement
No one claims Donovan McNabb
IAMA OU fan who is about to kill myself AMA
I think that running into the kicker penalty on MS broke ESPN.
Why is ESPN lobbying hard for Alabama/LSU rematch? What's in it for them?
It never ceases to amaze me the creative ways Dallas comes up with to lose a football game.
USC men's water polo wins 4th straight National Championship
Sooner or later, this man is going to have a heart-attack on camera
Bama-LSU in the Title Game
Is it just me?
Good riddance, Jose Reyes
Guy Screams Mashed Potatoes at Tiger 
Tyrann Mathieu's controversial 62-yard punt return in the SEC Championship game.
Little kid drinking a beer during a soccer game.
Greenbay Packers stock is now on sale. If you want to own part of a NFL team here's your chance.
Where do you Tim Tebow?
Trent Richardson trucks Tyrann Mathieu
KU to Introduce Charlie Weis as Football Coach Friday
How Cardinals Nation is feeling
A list of people who actually LIKE the BCS.
It is tough being a Jets fan.
Rogers and Bell split deal to purchase Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment (MLSE) 
Cincinnati at #8 Xavier game just ended in a brawl.
Deserving Winner: RGIII wins the Heisman
Hey I think we finally have a chance to win again this weekend!
Ryan Braun tested positive for a banned substance, NOT for PED's. The test result is described as never seen in the history of baseball's drug program. 
I thought Ponder was playing the Lions cuz I watched the game...
Lamar Odom has bent sent to the Mavericks. And now Chris Paul is leaning towards the Clippers. WTF?
Marion Barber puts the wrong team on his back
Noticed this tonight...just another reason to hate the Cowboys!
Sidney Crosby out indefinitely as concussion-like symptoms return
Marty St. Louis is out with what!?
The Day The NBA Died
Marshawn Lynch had 23 carries for 115 yards tonight ... just another day at the office for Beast Mode.
HS punt returner Matrixes his way out of a tackle
This is Rapid Redux, who just won his 21st consecutive race today in Maryland.  19 wins in 2011 alone.
Winning a football game is NOT a miracle. xpost
The death of Socrates: More than just a football star, Socrates was also a fearless dissenter against Brazil's military dictatorship.
Being Tim Tebow
r/sports New Years resolution: No ESPN articles

It's gonna be LOB CITY!
Innocent question, is r/sports really needed when there are specialty subreddits for each sport?
just snapped this gem on TV. do they know there is a TEAM called the Denver Broncos?
Who else sees a comparison between Tebow and Fredette?
Dear ESPN,
Penn State + Locker Room = Bad Things, a different locker room incident leaves QB with concussion
Johnny knox gets bent in half against the Seahwaks.  not safe for the squeamish
St. Louis Rams' Harvey Dahl into a referee's microphone: That's not fucking holding!
Power out at Candlestick Park as 49'ers &amp; Steelers 10 minute before game
Sports Year in Review- The Onion
Sportswriter Bill Conlin Resigns. 
JSYK, Rashard Lewis is Still one of the Highest Paid NBA Players. #2, Behind Kobe!!! With over 21 mil a year!!
Thunder,Clippers rise to top: other predictions as well [ESPN Insider]
I am just a messenger  how to fix Roller Derby
Sad to see him go...a real class act
Reddit, I submit to you the World Dodgeball Society Hollywood's Fall 2011 Champions!
Its 1 team not enough?
What sport produces the best multitalented athletes?
One of these things is not like the other.
If You Have 90 Minutes and haven't discovered European Football, give this a listen....
Charles Barkley tackles weighty issue - ESPN
Which would you rather have for the Super Bowl? A massive HDTV or the announcers of your choice?
Is Rodgers' 2011 season the greatest of all time in any sport?
Missouri’s mascot just broke the Independence Bowl trophy
Prediction for the 2012 NBA championship..
Betty White did an Awesome Monday Night Football Intro.
KD's weaponry is unlimited... Who can stop him?
NFL Football Teams
I've heard a lot of negative comments about many ESPN personalities, but not much about Tom Jackson...
NBA on TNT Christmas Day promo, quite possibly one of the coolest sports commercials I have ever seen.
Cheating: It's All-American — And It's Great!
Michael Jordan to get married
Few games into the NBA season, who are the teams to beat?
Chauncey Billups or Mo Williams? 
Baylor's Robert Griffin III to declare for NFL draft
Has there/can there be a scenario in the NFL where a team can clinch a playoff spot by losing?
G.O.A.T.
RAW Superstar Moved to SmackDown
Listen Carefully and you will hear the Iowa Marching Band playing the ESPN theme at a perfect time in the game
A step by step guide to why a lot of people hate LeBron James (for many different reasons).
I think I just heard ESPN announce that Justin Blackmon is suffering from an STI...
Pedobear Showed Up At The Houston-Penn State Game Today
Discovered this awesome HBO series about hockey, must see if you're a fan!
If College Football switches to a playoff system, does anyone else want them to keep the Rose Bowl?
Annoying fan bothering you at a game? Record her outbursts and put them on the internet...
Minnesota high school hockey player Jack Jablonski was paralyzed during a game last week.  If you are able to, there are directions on how you can support him and his family through the link. 
Holy Moli! No matter what sport you like...this is amazing!
[x-post from r/collegebasketball] The NCAA's selection committees sheets they use for the tournament. I was blown away. 
Ripcity All-Stars
luck of the irish
City Of New York Deserves Better Sports Writing
Cincinnati vs. Houston: Advantage Checklist | Football Nation
I have a small, local sports broadcast that I do with a friend of mine. Show some support please?
I will Eat Crow....The same Hawks team that I said Sucked beat my Bullies
This Football Tem Sucks!
What is Turf Toe? 12 NFL Greats Who Have Been Grounded by Turf Toe
Would the worst team in a sports Major League eqiuvilent win/loss against their college/NCAA counterpart?
The Philadelphia Eagles - Hottest Team Not to Make the Playoffs?
These are our Bold MMA Predictions for 2012
BCS Championship
I've never seen a face express so much emotion and pain, and he's only talking about sports. But I guess Skip Bayless can do that to someone.
One of the most inspiring moments in Olympic History 
Congrats to LSU, Alabama, Boise State, Oklahoma State, and Houston
Scumbag Skip Bayless
Denver Airport United Counter Trolls Steelers Fans
Hitler's reaction to the Steelers getting Tebow'ed - very funny
Ex-Bucs head coach Raheem Morris to join Redskins staff
Stephen A. Smith is sick and tired of Tim Tebow
Okay, I actually like Tebow, but now I'm wondering - will God hear my prayers for the Patriots even though I'm an atheist?
Abhinav Bindra shoots to glory at Doha
Sally Jenkins's interview with Joe Paterno about Penn State, Jerry Sandusky, and his legacy
Here is my opinion on how to best to approach an NCAA D1 playoff.
Classic reaction..
Could Tim Tebow Really Just Be the Antichrist?
Lights out.
Derrick Rose Highlights
Foxsports trots out some woman to bash Joe Flacco.
No Surprise: Giants 37–20 Over Packers
I wanted one of the reporters to ask Rodgers about offseason workouts so badly last night. What a cocky prick.
Hypothetical: If the Big 10 wanted to continue to expand and offered Harvard a spot in the conference, would they accept?
Flyers lose to Nashville 4-2. Recap Here:
Vernon Davis and Joe Staley singing an Adele song
Which recent Philadelphia Phillies player is rumored to have picked up men at a Washington Square bar?
Konditionsträning utan att behöva gå ut!
Are ice hockey 'enforcers' the toughest guys in sport?
Manu Ginobili: I guess I won't be able to fulfill my dream of becoming a hand model after my NBA career
Would the media treat Tebow different if he was literally God?
College football is like religion in the South; A LSU fan takes the sacrament.  
The AFC championship is NOT being broadcast in my area. I live in South Carolina, and have Dish Network. What the actual fuck.
This is a sport? I'd love to see how far its progressed in the past 25 years.
NYTimes: Dan McGinn, the Paterno family spokesman, at 8:57 p.m. on reports about Joe Paterno's death: Absolutely not true.
Joe Paterno not dead...yet
Family spokesman: Joe Paterno in serious condition after complications from lung cancer - The Washington Post
Joe Paterno, dead at 85. R.I.P.
Goodbye, Joe.
Finkle/Einhorn/Cundiff??
Looks like someone already got to the Ace Ventura Wikipedia page
SOmeone had to do it 
Two weeks from now is gonna be the best rematch ever...
NFL Steve Weatherford yells Mother Fu**ing Super Bowl
Can someone explain how Joe Paterno is a bad person?
When everyone pats you on the back saying it's not on you, you know it was on you.
Did you hear the Giants tried giving Kyle Williams the game ball?
Ovechkin gets 2-game suspension for boarding hit. Is any major professional sports organization consistent and legitimate in their disciplinary policies? Thinking on concussions, sports, masculinity, and political correctness.
Boston Bruins' Tim Thomas explains explains White House snub
Young Prince Fielder strikes out his dad Cecil in this 1992 McDonalds commercial
Eagles TE Celek in car involved in DUI crash
So Chad Ochocinco was wondering who the frowny man behind the president during the State of the Union was...
Anyone want to teach this guy about football for $500?
$80 million later, T.O. tells GQ he's broke
All signs point to Colts releasing Peyton Manning
DAE think that the TSN SportCentre is waaaay better than the ESPN SportsCenter?
Now here's a poll
Jerry Sandusky now requesting... Wait, What?
Tebow... isn't interested in becoming the next pro athlete reduced to trailing Kardashian around some Orange County Nordstrom
If this won't make u respect the guy, I dunno what will.
Prince Fielder is a vegan.

Totally agree
Since a lot of places don't have snow this winter here is a video of me and my friends playing hockey, hope you like it...
Sick Blake Griffin dunk over Perkins
Brady gets a yellow stain when he sees pass rush
Nice switch hit
FirstRowSports seized, what was the point of Stop SOPA?
TIL Why everyone calls it the Big Game instead of the Super Bowl. P.S. The NFL hates you.
The best part of Super Bowl XLVI
Ladies and Gentlemen, I give you the next Tebowing: Bradshawing
Greenberg of Mike and Mike is a harpie
First post from long-time lurker and Texas Longhorns kicker/punter (08-11).. Made by a UT fan after Thanksgiving
As much as I disagree with Skip Bayless's views, I dislike Rob Parker WWAAYYYY more.  Anyone else feel like thiis?
Will Ferrel gives the Bulls starting line up
NBA 2k13 cover revealed!!!
Lightning kills entire soccer team while opponents left untouched.
Clearly Harvard taught Jeremy Lin learned how to read...and possibly how to do the classiest handshake ever.
The Rock says bullshit live on SportsCenter
Tom Brady can win the BIG ones but he can't win the Giant ones!
As a Chinese-American and Knicks fan...
A buddy of mine made this website. The grassroots campaign to reinstate Pete Rose. For or against please check it out and hear the case. 
The one reason why I watch women's soccer...
A 2nd year player averaging 21 5 5 in his first 2 starts of the season?  This is going to be a big story.....
Jeremy Lin = Tim Tebow 
On His Blog, 15-Year-Old Jeremy Lin Imitated The Headband Fashions Of NBA Players, Including Derek Fisher And Ben Wallace
Who at Golf Channel/CBS/PGA decided it would be a brilliant idea to show a couple hours of golf, then take a 30 minute break, then show a couple more hours of golf?
With the victory at Pebble, Phil Mickelson reminds us that it is pretty decent golf
Jeremy Lin: The Emergence Of An Unlikely Star
Lin Drills a three pointer with 0.5 seconds remaining to beat the Raptors 90-87
It must be said
The Jeremy Lin Word Generator
This video got a 5'10 college player into the Slam Dunk Championship &amp; made him a Harlem Globetrotter!
Good Guy Greg on Jeremy Lin
Hey /r/sports, a friend of mine is launching this site and I thought you might find it useful
Jeremy Lin's Father
all i do is LIN LIN LIN...funny video
Jeremy Lin added to Rising Stars game
Just Jeremy Lin. No big deal. 
I'm a Jeremy Lin Fan and here is why.
Most dominant athlete ever?
Lin better watch his back, there is a new rising crowd favorite.
Behind the NBA's recent uptick in missed dunks
So I guess Todd and Mel made up their differences, and are now friends...
Looks like Linsanity has hit the City Of Toronto a bit too hard... #2?! Really?
Linsanity DEAD! 
David Brooks Has Written The Dumbest Jeremy Lin Column So Far
A non Jeremy-Lin post
Allen Iverson offered to play soccer in Puerto Rico
ESPN fires, suspends employees over Lin headline, comment
/r/sports reader downvotes multiple submissions of the same story about ESPN employee
This made me laugh so hard....more Lin stuff...
In war-ravaged Afghanistan, combat sports reign
Why is ESPN sensationalizing the Knicks LOSS? Get the fuck over Lin already.
Davonte Neal, the 8th ranked college football recruit in the country, failed to show at his former elementary school to announce his decision, leaving 600 children in the dark.
NFL Combine's Fastest, Highest, Strongest Ever.
Fallon does it again... First Tebowie. Now Pearl Jam - Jeremy (Lin)
Kansas high-school girl used to shoot baskets while in coma - News | FOX Sports on MSN
Great Team Chemistry No Match For Great Team Biology
Lebron and Wade - Basketball Friends
Greatest Moment in All-Star Celebrity Game History
Jeremy Lin Rap
oversaturation is hurting sports: Tebow and Lin
aaaand this dude's 15 minutes are almost up! [FIXED]
Remember, it wasn't more than 60 years ago that a negro league actually existed
My friend's been playing disc golf for over two years, is he doing it right?
Apparently Michael Jordan, Hakeem Olajuwon, and Clyde Drexler almost played on the same team starting in 1984.
Urban Snowboarding
Montoya slams into track dryer, sets it ablaze
How Twitter Took Over NASCAR
Not the UCLA Way: Partying, players disrespecting program led to problems at UCLA
I've been studying the front page of r/sports for 3 straight hours now, and I'm not entirely sure, but I THINK that the US may have beaten Italy. It's not totally clear yet but there are indications that it is so.
Say what you want about the man but he's got talent
[Rick] Majerus took the towel, pulled his pants down, and quickly took a dump into the towel
President Obama Likes Bulls Chances Against Heat in NBA Playoffs
College Football Recruiting Violations – Collegiate Sports’ Skeletons in the Closet Revealed
Sports as Art?  Appreciating the finer points of Maddux, Mays, Manning, and Manny...
The NFL says that New Orleans Saints players maintained a bounty program over the last three seasons that targeted opponents with the intent to injure them.
I don't mean to sound like a shill, but this is the best commercial I've seen in a long, long time...
America's Most Miserable Sports Cities
It Was Bound To Happen Someday
LeBron's Man Purse
A Florida roadtrip tale of family, work, fun, and friends
Are people really surprised there are bounties in the NFL?
So uhm...you people at theonion.com think Soccer is a ladies game?
Quidditch takes off: Turning a fictional game into a real sport -- U. Leicester vs. Keele University in first intercollegiate match
A somber moment with my former Quarterback.
Deion Sanders on Covino and Rich/SIRIUSXM- Great interview
Messi the first to score five goals in Champions League soccer
Syracuse players are so good they can literally levitate.
The Problem with American Sports
SHSU tennis starts conference play with road wins against Nicholls and Southeastern State University
A Beginner's Guide to Twitter and Sports
Canadian skier Zoricic dies in World Cup race
My boys made a new friend today
Thoughts on RGIII, The Trade, and the State of the Browns. 
Nothing Ventured Nothing Gained
Peyton Manning favoring Denver &amp; Arizona
This is bullshit-- UNC and Michigan State as #1 seeds?  I can swallow UNC, but State?  Over Missouri?  I HATE Missouri and I still feel like they got screwed.
Follow Up: Redskins Trade for RGIII
DAT EYE
Chicago Cubs sign Cuban left-hander Gerardo Concepcion to five-year deal 
Infographic on the NCAA Seeding and its impact on a team's 1st round success
ROLL TIDE!!!!!
Peyton Manning to meet with Tennessee Titans
Too close for missiles! (Gunshow)
March Madness is Overrated
2012 NCAA tournament -- Syracuse Orange announce Fab Melo ineligible for tourney - ESPN
Knicks D'antoni resigns
Best Decision I've Ever Made
Mike D'Antoni: Why I Am Leaving the New York Knicks
Glenn holds Dallas Mavericks NBA Championship trophy….has no idea what it is…
Horatio likes the Sessions trade...
This is all I can think of when I see Redditors talking about the NCAA tournament
The way things are going so far this tournament this isn't too far fetched.
U12 soccer player kicks boy in the face
Every damn time.
The Story of NK Varteks - A Croatian football team whose fans got fed up with the club and started a new one in the bottom division.
NFL Question: Do you force out the 22 year old QB who brought you back from a 1-4 start to the second round of the playoffs for a 36 year future HOF'er who just had neck surgery and missed a whole season?

NFL Answer: Yes.
Is Peyton Manning Who We Thought He Was?
Bruce Weber - If You're Not Leading, You Should Be Following
Broncos' trade market for Tim Tebow not looking good
Peyton Manning Agrees to $96 Million Deal With Broncos
The University of Southern Mississippi has revoked the scholarships of five members of its pep band who took part in the heckling of a Kansas State basketball player at last Thursday's NCAA men's basketball tournament game.
Payton Suspended for a Year.
Maybe the Mayans Were Right?
I love Warren Sapp. Not only does he have a hilarious laugh, he isn't scared to call them like he sees them.
Well, that was quick...
Warren Sapp Behind $728,100 in Alimony and Child Support 
Rex Ryan Gets Tebowed  
So I get 50 cents for every person who likes this page. Help a fellow Redditor out. :) (Plus, they're cool shirts)
Hands down the best moment from the Kentucky game last night. (Terrence Jones Head Bounce Remix)
Sean Payton's Suspension Wasn't About Bounties. Grantland Explains All.
I seriously want an answer
According to this blogger, people who watch sports are lazy, fat people that need to get a life. 
Will anyone stop Manchester United? Does Newcastle have a chance for the Champions League?
Norfolk St. is playing Bethune Cookman in women's college bowling on ESPNU. Perfect time to bring back these guys.
It's my cake day, so check out my new sports trivia site and let me know what you think! [xposted r/cfb]
Tim Tebow- You're Doing it Wrong.
Has anyone seen a longer, in-game, NBA shot?
Well, there goes my reason for watching the sport...
Shocked?  Dennis Rodman Sick, Broke, and unable to support his baby mommas
Cause I'm pissed off for greatness.
Bengals cheerleader arrested, accused of having sex with high school student
Crazy Dunk Mix!
List of the nation's top ten dual-sports (football/basketball) schools
Interesting take on the North Face logo for Chicagoans...
Meanwhile on SportsCenter
Peyton officially done for season
My reaction after picking the final four and the championship game
I'm all for this...
Two days after posting bail for drug and burglary charges, former NFL quarterback Ryan Leaf has been arrested a second time in Montana.
Brock Lesnar Returns to WWE and Attacks John Cena
When it comes to NFL uniforms, Nike &gt; Reebok. Look at the version for the Saints!
The Golfer Tiger Woods Fears
UFC's Alistair Overeem fails drug test
Bill Murray rules.
Fred Couples making another run at Augusta
I don't know why this guy reminds me of LeBron James
You don't see this often...
Orlando Magic's Dwight Howard didn't seek firing of coach Stan Van Gundy, GM Otis Smith says
Brock Lesnar Busted Open John Cena legit on WWE Tonight
I should have known better...
Dwyane Wade: NBA Olympians should be compensated, What do you guys think?
Cubs Win MLB 12 The Show Full Length Commercial
      - YouTube
No one wants to brofist with Tony Allen...
Mike Tyson on George Zimmerman: It's a disgrace he hasn't been shot yet
Fans on their feet as beaten Giants fan, Bryan Stow, appeared on the JumboTron and virtually handed a baseball to his young son, Tyler.
Reddit, what would you trade for 20 YO Wayne Gretzky?
Cardinals manager Mike Matheny got hit in the face by a pitch, and didn't go down.
This is why I love the Stanley Cup - Two major title favorites (#1 Vancouver and #4 Pittsburgh) find themselves down 0-3 in the first round
An expert analysis of diving in football
Vince Carter Is Getting Old
ESPN seems like an appropriate place for this
LIKE the Flyers? HATE Sidney Crosby? I Need Some Help!
LeBron introduces Norris Cole to Jay-Z after beating the Nets on 4/16
Pat Summitt to step down: legendary Tennessee women’s basketball coach won 1,098 games, 8 NCAA titles - The Washington Post
Cmon Cubs...WIN
I hope this comes to my town: Syracuse NY mall adds indoor go-cart racing 
Study: Watching soccer similar to having sex. The world nods its head and smiles, Americans scoff.
Goals of the week
Great pass by Manu Ginobili
Chicago White Sox pitcher Philip Humber pitches 21st perfect game in MLB history
Picture PERFECT game for Phil Humber today!
Jon Bones Jones retains light-heavyweight title
Beltre to have MRI, doubtful for Yankees series
Amazing sport that you probably never knew existed: Sepak takraw.  Best way to describe it is a combination of hackey sack and volleyball.  
Someone want to do us frugal people a favor?
Joe Buck actually has emotion, also a great night to be a St. Louisan.
I used to hate Ron Artest, but it's moves like this that really make you respect the guy.
I want chessboxing to be a sport I can get into here in the states. 
What if you're a man who can prove you did some Tebowing?
Calvin Johnson wins the Madden Cover!  Rather than link to some text about him winning, here's one of the best catches you'll ever see in football.
RGIII Adidas Commercial. Well you got me this time, advertisers. 
I'm a psychologist.When I see behavior like Ron Artest displayed against Harden, it's a clear sign that he was beaten/terrorized as a child.  James Harden physically came upon him unexpectedly like his abuser as a child. Meta then instinctual reacts before his brain can stop him.  He needs therapy.
Here’s How Racists On Twitter Reacted to Joel Ward’s Series-Winning Goal Against Boston
This is for supporters of Barcelona. What a disgrace to the game
This 10-Year-Old Quarterback's Parents Made Him A Ridiculous Blog
Rose Might Be Out For Playoffs
This is why NBA should be on NBC again.
Stuff Chicago Bulls Fans Say
Without a doubt, the most important sports moment you'll find on youtube.
The British Ministry of Defence might place surface-to-air missiles on a water tower in a densely populated London neighborhood as part of security for the Olympic Games this summer
Analytics Reveal 13 New Basketball Positions
Being a Chicago fan right now...
Sometimes You Should Stick Around During a Rain Delay
Can anyone tell me the difference between this and rough sex?
Junior Seau dead in apparant suicide.
ESPN NFL Junior Seau dies at 43
This guy is trying to have LEGO baseball stadium models put into production. If he gets 10,000 votes they will do it. Let's give him some support. (x-post from r/baseball)
NHL Stanley Cup Round 2
Amar'e Stoudemire hand injury gets Taiwanese animation (vid)
Mariano Rivera might have a torn ACL
This Incredible Paralympics Commercial Was Shot In One Take With No Special Effects
Would you consider shoes like this to be an unfair performance-enhancing device in a sporting event?
Any love for the most exciting two minutes in sports? 
Concussions are ruining sports.  What happened to Junior Seau was shocking.
If you could have any super power and play any sport, which would you pick?
Who's the Michael Jordan of your favorite, lesser known/popular sport. 
Hello, please fill in my survey for my course it won't take long and would be greatly appreciated :)
Marc Gasol Butthole Conspiracy
Why?
High school senior football player punts with left foot and kicks field goals with right foot
The New York Post proves it's still the worst newspaper in the country with its new name suggestion for the Nets.
MemeCreator.org - your a Clippers fan? Please tell me how big of a fan you are of the Clippers
Metta World Peace speaks out: ...I didn't realize he was that hurt until the day after, because guys in the NBA flop. ಠ_ಠ
Study: NFL Players Live Longer than General Population
Former Giants WR Stacy Robinson dies after cancer battle at 50
Steve Nash Has Emotional Goodbye With Host Family
HS Baseball team forfeits championship rather than play against a girl.
Reporter to David Beckham How does it feel to come into a hockey town and try to convert fans to soccer. Beckham: I think we're the hockey town right now. 
Drunk Sports Snob
Big Brown Attempts Horse Racing Comeback As Jockey

Is rugby the hardest game to referee?
Jered Weaver sings along to Hit the Road Jack as he exits game vs Rangers
In heart of the Seattle Mariners lineup, Montero remains a reminder to the Yankees
Live Cricket Scores, Cricket Game, Schedule, ICC Ratings
Whooops...
When will we see ads on American jerseys?
Gary Sinise's first pitch before tonight's Rangers game went about 15 feet, showing that Lieutenant Dan doesn't have an arm, either
TIL Tim Lincecum and Thor are brothers
Home Run Derby to be held on Yorktown flight deck
Saints' Jonathan Vilma sues Roger Goodell for defamation
School suspends Ginger for haircut.  Ginger gets free playoff tickets.
Steve Blake, wife receive death threats via Twitter after Lakers’ Game 2 loss
Baseball Officials Concerned As More And More Retired Players Begin To Show Jose Canseco–Like Symptoms
Euro Cup, Tour du France, Wimbledon, Olympics, not 
going to miss a thing!
FC Dallas midfielder Brek Shea kicks the ball at the Assistant Referee. For his actions he'll be suspended for 3 league games by Major League Soccer.
Match Thread: Bayern Munich vs Chelsea - UEFA Champions League Final : soccer
wtgb
Jon Kitna's greatest play: NFL QB to high-school math teacher
I'll Have Another catches Bodemeister again - Horse racing- Triple Crown in sight
That sound you hear is the player's jaw breaking
Goals of the week
Jonathan Edwards destroying the world record. and again. 
Van Gundy out as Magic coach
the Lakers lost because they were missing their dual threat
Shooting near Chesapeake Arena after Thunder eliminate Lakers 
Explore key numbers surrounding the State of Origin (rugby league)
Is there one player that you root against? (hard mode: no Lebron)
In case you ever wanted to see Jim Rome get his ass kicked during a show, here you go. I know it made me smile. [xpost from /justiceporn]
the internet is awesome.
I miss this guy for some reason
Didn't really get any help from askReddit so I figured I would ask a more specific group...Need help figuring out trip to the Indy 500!
Kentucky becomes second state to make bass fishing a high school sport
Charlie Sheen rumored to have won LT's Super Bowl ring
The San Francisco Giants, AT&amp;T Park at night @ Willie  McCovey Cove
UFC 146 Breaking News
If you thought fencing was wimpy, see if you can do this. [cross-post from r/Fencing]
Prince Fielder Urges Rookie To Choke Up On Burrito (The Onion)
Kevin Garnett-Imma Be
A survey across 39 countries finds that Manchester United is the most popular sports club with 659 million followers. Why is Man Utd. so popular?
You guys like upsets, tournament eliminations, and big stories, right?  Tonight: Round 3 of the US Open Cup, one of the oldest tournaments in sports, and the oldest US Soccer event.
Is there any sport rivalry that can compare to El Classico?
ESPN Spelling Bee poll... I see what you did thar.
How I feel about ESPN's coverage of the Spurs
Sneaky Cliff Lee pretends to catch a high bunt, turns double play instead
Saints fan raises money to keep Drew Brees.  As of Wednesday afternoon, the site had attracted more than $1,000 in donations.
Argument with Irish Bar-Keep... RUGBY or NFL FOOTBALL
Hines Ward to work as analyst for NBC
Diver caught in downcurrent, heart-stopping footage
Do you think Anthony Davis would have more success at QB for the Colts than Andrew Luck would have playing for the Hornets?
Oklahoma City Thunder spokesperson owns freeloading Lil Wayne
Tiago Stifler
Fan gets into the player rush to congratulate Santana on his no-hitter, gets ass kicked.
How the game should be played
Rugby player uses his incredible strength to save teammate, twice.
Get ready...
The Best of the best of the best!
No, I refuse to believe. 
LA Kings taunt NJ Devils with giant Jersey Shore cutouts
Watching The Heat Game Noticed This Nice Play
Mike Miller Grabbing Ray Allen's...
What factors give a “Home Advantage” and how big is it?
It appears ESPN just learned about this word, still getting used to it.
ITAP of the game winner
A site for Americans looking for a team to follow this summer
If you're still mad at Packer fan Robyn Ereth for taking that cleat away from that kid. like this Facebook page!
With each match slot expected to draw an average television audience of 150 million fans worldwide, Euro 2012 will bring a near daily diet of ratings bigger than the Super Bowl.
This is BANANAS. Pacquiao vs Mayweather in stop motion!
Danica can't seem to catch a break.
Watching Thunder win is a painful reminder of what we lost
Dwyane Wade, LeBron James' Mom Are Close

I am torn when it comes to the NBA Finals
Pacquiao - Bradley Fight. But the real question, would it be better for boxing if Bradley were to upset Pacquiao? Or if Pacquiao were to win to set up Battle Royal with Mayweather
How does reddit feel about the Pacquiao - Bradley fight 6/9/12? 
Playing DrawSomething when Tebowing Comes up
How are you the champion when you're the ONE getting pushed in a wheelchair after the fight? Pacquiao/Bradley fight FIXED!
I really think this speaks to how much KD and crew have united their state.
Nothing beats the atmosphere at European football stadiums
As a Sonics fan, this is what I think about the Thunder in the Finals
Police presence during the Russia - Poland game
Every year, I watch thousands of goals since I am interested in football matches. I follow the matches from not only my national football league but also other leagues like Premier League, La Liga and Bundesliga. Naturally, I watch wonderful goals every weekend. I like watching talented players
I need someone to photoshop the viva something .com logo off the picture. This is kinda an emergency please!!!
Hole in one on par 4 at US Open
NBA Hipsters
Everybody poops, even competing athletes
Getting geared up for the Olympics, here's one of the best relays of all time
World triathlon rule remains, suspends Lance Armstrong from sanctioned events 
I made /r/footballstrategy. This will be purely for discussion of American football strategy, schemes, etc.
Little League Homerun in the Majors!!!!!...DOH!
9 Reasons Why Baseball Sucks
Pablo Sanchez of Backyard Baseball Probably Would've Used Steroids, And Other Real-Life Projections For The Greatest Youth Baseball Player In Video Games
First thing that came to mind when Lebron went down.
Rangers announcer Dave Barnett is out on 5th base...
After analysis of the timing of the race, Secretariat's winning time in 1973 Preakness changed; now owns the record at all three Triple Crown races
Bill Murray: Baseball's Best Boss
Mr. Ridiculously Photogenic Guy's sports look alike
A very good compilation of soccer goals, why no one likes soccer in USA
No matter how much TV will tell you and repeat to you over and over again that this was one of the most amazing NBA finals... 
7 reasons it's acceptable to hate every Miami Heat fan.
Tim Duncan consoles 22 year old LeBron James after Spurs beat Cavaliers in 2007 NBA Finals.
Mark Cuban Calling Out Skip Bayless on First Take
Wade caught looking up to Lebron.
Sandusky found guilty on 46 of 48 counts
That's bogus..Sandusky won that trial in our eyes. 
 
---The judges of the Manny/Bradley fight.
Take two seconds to check the forum before submitting a link for karma, you asshole.
Pervert, Former Penn State assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky found guilty on 45 counts of raping children, could spend rest of life in prison 
Clicked on the ESPN story about Little Jerry Seinfeld, the Mets chicken mascot.  Here was the headline...and the ad.
Looks like it will be a WWII Reunion
How come it hasn't been brought up that it took a shortened season for Lebron to win a championship?
How I feel as a Yankee fan on the D train home. 
Snoop Dogg's son lands football scholarship offer from the same team as P. Diddy's son. (UCLA)
Anthony Davis Trademarks His Unibrow
Meet the Man you Rarely See, The Voice of SportsCenter
      - YouTube
Black Italian soccer star portrayed as King Kong in cartoon
President Obama Congratulates World Champion Miami Heats
I wasn't much of a basketball fan until I discovered JaVale McGee yesterday.
The XGames are fulfilling my childhood fantasies...
Mario and Luigi, EURO 2012 Edition
Robin Ventura beats up Nolan Ryan
Fastest swimmers make webbed hands out of water
A complete look at what the Celtics face financially now that Kevin Garnett has agreed to return
Real-time news analysis of the Tour de France through the eyes of the social web. 
What I just realized about the Euro 2012 Final
Raw GoPro footage of the Toomas Heikkenen Rally Crash XGames. Better view than the link yesterday.
State of Origin - Queensland, record 7 years in a row in a truly epic final 21 - 20
France FUTURE Coach Zinedine Zidane|Zidane dreams of coaching France|Zinedine Zidane | Top News Today
My friends and teammates made this video of the sport we love.  I thought it deserves more views.  
Serena reaches her 7th Wimbledon Final!
Excellent Three Stooges impression at Comerica Park.  
MLS suspends Beckham 
Ray Allen leaving Celtics to sign with Heat  - Sports - The Boston Globe
London Olympics 2012 From Athens to Zatopek - an A to Z of the Olympic Games | Top News Today
This looks like so much fun!
I personally think these guys look great in their new sweaters.
Penn State received more than $208 million in donations for the fiscal year that just ended, the second-highest total in university history 
People feel so strong about meat and milk. I wish they felt this strong about peace, Arian Foster on going vegan.
Pierce on Baseball's All-Star Game - Because nothing, absolutely nothing, does a better job of making baseball seem ridiculous
BBC Sport - Mark Webber extends Red Bull contract for 2013 season
Cano booing could force change in Derby rules
Chris Berman Blames Tony Kornheiser for the Infamous With Leather Story
Undefeated 116-0 high school wrestler, never even been taken down, walks away from nationally-ranked football program to pursue dream of Olympic wrestling gold
Eric LeGrand amazing ESPY Speech
Fabian Cancellara abandons the Tour de France to be with pregnant wife
Who's better?
I'm in a competition where I'm trying to find the best way to market to global sports fans, so if you could take this survey r/sports I would greatly appreciate it!
Freeh report on PSU out:  The most 
powerful men at Penn State failed to take any steps for 14 years to protect the children....
If you are listening to sports radio today...
Big Ten Network Does Not Air Press Conference On Penn State Findings
Basketball fans will want to take a look at this
Larry Bird Admits Team USA Could Beat Dream Team Because 'I Haven't Played in 20 Years and We're All Old Now'
Brees agrees to record deal vs. T.O. late on child support; jail time possible
Joe Paterno Negotiated A $3 Million Ejector Seat After He Was Subpoenaed For Sandusky Grand Jury
Homerun robbed... Barehanded 
Bill James: Showering With Boys Was Quite Common In America 40 Years Ago.
Raymond Felton is returning to New York, calling into question whether the Knicks plan to re-sign fellow point guard Jeremy Lin


Made a new /r for all the sports memorabilia collectors out there!
Brad Keselowski saw my two friends and I after winning the NASCAR Nationwide race Saturday and gave us an awesome burnout
That's A Clown Shirt, Bro
Paternoville, a tent city designed for students waiting to buy football tickets, renamed Nittanyville. That's one- now for the ice cream, the library, Joe-Bob's kid...
NBC doesn't know what Michael Vick looks like (video)
Dolan Duk on James Dolan and Jeremy Lin
Redskins Sign Robert Griffin III 
What sports are the easiest for a cash strapped country to medal in?
Students Camping Out to Protect JoPa Statue
President Obama to Lebron: Not Bad..
RGIII
Thanks to Gary Bettman and his ilk, enforcers are out, but gays are in. Why don't they just hire Elton John as commissioner and be done with it?
Celebrating Fat Guys: Here are some GIFs of fat guys beng awesome at sports
USA USA USA crushes the British by 40 points
USADA files motion to dismiss Lance Armstrong lawsuit.
NBA will begin selling AD SPACE on jerseys next season
Penn State Removed The Joe Paterno Statue
Man Ruins Perfectly Good Sweater With Tribute To Joe Mauer
Mark Cavendish can leave Sky, says boss Dave Brailsford
Penn State's NCAA Punishments Include Massive Scholarship Losses, Vacated Wins
Penn State hit with $60 million fine, forfeits all wins since 1998, and a 4 year post season ban.
Penn State Nittany Lions hit with $60 million fine, 4-year bowl ban, wins dating to 1998 - ESPN
Yup. It's Summer.
Hey NCAA, Wanna REALLY punish Penn State?
Help me understand something about the Penn State controversy.
/sp/ on the Penn State debacle (x-post from r/4chan)
Its been three years in the making and we are finally ready to start showing it off. I present you asdb.com, the Amateur Sports Database. 580,000 athletes and counting.
The best athletes in the world are ____________.
Umpires seem a little biased nowadays
U.S. Women's Soccer Starts London Olympics With A Comeback Win
It's in the game
Penn State needed to be punished, but lack of due process by NCAA is troubling
The latest shirt at Penn State...
Michael Bradley leads Roma past Liverpool at Fenway Park 
Dan Wetzel perfectly sums up the disgrace Jacques Rogge has brought the Olympics by not acknowledging the 11 Israeli Olympians murdered by terrorists in Munich 40 years ago.
Ultimate Frisbee (why the hate?)
HELP TAKE OUT NBC. Let's show em what we think Americans!
London Olympics 2012: Kobe Bryant refuses to compare current USA basketball team to the 'Dream Team' of Barcelona 1992 - video 
There was no answer for Kevin Durant and Team U.S.A | Sports &amp; Fitness Plus
isn't it kind of messed up I can't watch the Olympics online because I don't own a TV?
Hi guys. Want to watch the olympics?
Somebody at ESPN sure seems to like Star Wars...
More NBC shame: They edited out a tribute to two dead U.S. servicemen from the Opening Ceremony
The Kobe Bryant rape joke from last night's RAW that has WWE backpedaling (video)
How do you feel about Olympic basketball being made a U-23 event and creating a World Cup of basketball?
Me Today
Quick ESPN Rant
Olympic players underperforming for national advantage
Watching the Gold medal Table Tennis match between China and China and then this happened... Never thought table tennis was this official
Cleveland Browns sold to Tennessee business man Jimmy Haslam for more than $1 billion dollars. 
Sets world record. [xpost]
To raise a debate, Is this unsportsmanlike? And what is the limit to running up the score?
So you think soccer players are soft?
Brothers Justin and BJ Upton both hit their 100th career homeruns on the same day TODAY
You may not understand how AFL works, but you should be able to appreciate this unbelievable finish. The final kick is from over 50 metres out.
Michaels Phelps ends his career with his 18th gold medal 
Most of reddit
As football preseason kicks into high gear all across America from high school fields to the NFL I present the ultimate pep talk. Clear Eyes, Full Hearts...
Ryne Sandberg rookie card: Hit LIKE to help a fellow redditor win this damn contest! Please?
Gabby Douglas (Naturally) Cashes In On London Olympics. But Can She Keep It Going? - Forbes
How I feel as an American after beating Canada in the soccer semi-finals yesterday
Dodge confirms it will drop out of NASCAR racing at end of 2012 season
Hard Knocks...but for football, not football.
This guy won gold at the olympics last night. here his is a few years ago, drunk whilst competing. 
Australian sports minister loses medal bet with UK counterpart - she'll have to row the course at Eton Dorney in a Team GB shirt
Manteo Mitchell (US) just ran a 400m in 46 seconds. He broke his leg halfway through the race.
Hope Solo saves the game for USA [GIF]
So, I am a Denver Nuggets fan. And let me tell you, I am drooling with excitement. Here's why.
Three bicyclists win 2004 Olympic medals!  Russian Ekimov Viatcheslav Ekimov wins the gold medal, American cyclist Bobby Julich wins the silver medal and Michael Rogers of Australia, wins the bronze medal!
Chad Ochocinco Arrested for Domestic Violence
NFL Player Chad Johnson arrested for headbutting his wife
Goals of the week
Miami Dolphins Wide Receiver Chad Johnson Arrested for Domestic Violence
New No. 1? USC Trojans' Lane Kiffin gives up vote in USA Today coaches' poll 
Man U to get $559M for Chevy shirts
Back when the Tedy Bruschi/ESPN love-fest was in its most passionate and revolting stages, a Buffalo radio station (WGR 550) made this satirical broadcast of a Patriots game. Enjoy.
Soccer: Record crowds silence critics at the Olympics
Michigan quarterback and Heisman candidate Denard Robinson: I could beat Bolt in 40
I used to be a wide receiver like you...
Why is there no subreddit for sports!?
ESPN's Adam Schefter Has The Most Adorable Facebook Page
Big East Conference to hire Mike Aresco as commish
The real reason why Robert Griffin can be so dangerous for the Redskins...
Bob Ryan says goodbye after 44 years - Boston.com
Has anyone else seen the NCAA Football rule changes? Your thoughts?
North Carolina cheated and prospered, now it's time for reckoning - NCAA Football - CBSSports.com News, Scores, Stats, Schedule and BCS Rankings
LeBron James Advice..
Rajon Rondo vs. a very tall box (video)
Arbitration filing: Rosenhaus Sports vice president seeking $1M from firm 
Awesome kid feels bad for the Canadian 4x100m relay team for getting DQ'd in the final and losing their bronze, so he sent them his only medal to make them feel better.
14yr old girl trying to be the youngest to cross lake ontario raising money for Camp Trillium cancer treatment centers for children
Augusta National Admitting First Female Members
He is only 62 years late on this one...
UniWatch ranks the jerseys of all 122 teams in the NHL, NBA, MLB, and NFL all this week.  Here's 122-101.
5 Basketball Facts You Didn’t Learn in Gym Class By Kevin Coyle RVC
Can someone explain to me why/how this is the bat manufacturers fault?
I'm a foreign student leaving to a big party college next week.  What do I need to know about American sports in order to fit in?
Top 50 Highest Paid NBA Players for 2012-13
Armstrong facing loss of 7 Tour de France titles
Lance Armstrong to be Stripped of Titles on Drug Charges
This is why I watch football on TV - Fans could’ve been exposed to rabies during a Ravens game
Goals of the week
Bill 'Spaceman' Lee breaks his own record as the oldest pitcher to win a professional game
Getting ready for next weeks Paralympics: Sport doesn't care
Twitter: Have you ever noticed that the Chicago Bulls logo upside down is an angry robot giving a sermon?
USADA's conduct raises serious concerns about whether its real interest in charging Armstrong is to combat doping, or if it is acting according to less noble motives
Luis Suarez's perfectly-placed free kick that curved around a wall of defenders into the goal last weekend
Say I in the comments if you HATE LeBron
Why The Thunder Will Still Win The West - Chris Broussard [ESPN Insider]
Andy Roddick to call it quits after this U.S. Open
Just hours into football season, Andre Parker has locked up the #1 Not Top 10 play of the year with this punt returned the wrong way.
Which college football teams spend the most and least money per victory?
My friends (Giants fans) took a picture at the Bartman seats in Chicago.  Chicago fan, do a lot of people do this?
Brazuca is the name of Official Match Ball for the 2014 FIFA World Cup decided by Brazilian fans
this photo needs some shopping
Why Your Team Sucks - 2012 Dallas Cowboys
Lebron offering Liverpool FC players a weekend in Vegas if they win a trophy... Kanye is in and trust me, nobody does Vegas like LeBron and Kanye.
Upset,Oscar Pistorius loses 200m Paralympic race, alleges winner had unfair advantage 
The sexiest Para Olympian Summer Mortimer 
thought of this after the pga play offs
How is this guy still on EPSN?  I can't understand a word he says.
University of Louisiana-Monroe upsets #8 Arkansas at home. What an upset!
Bill Simmons just picked the Seahawks to go to the Super Bowl. I could be getting trolled hard, but I'm excited anyway.
Who do you think is the most obnoxious group of sport fans towards a player/team?
Eagles bring old sloppy ways into new season
Seattle has just approved a deal to build a new NBA arena to bring back the Sonics!
Jay Cutler to Packers D: Good Luck
Norwegian goalkeeper Henrik Ruud Tovås makes a STUNNING save to stop a fastbreak during a CL qualifying tournament match
Cabrera Steals a Fire Leyland Sign
And now, 4 minutes of Bill Simmons saying the word Boners.
Ozzie Guillen Thinks ESPN's Buster Olney Is Full Of Shit
Not sure if I should scold my 10 year old for blasphemy or praise him for learning Photoshop.
Fran Tarkenton performing the terrorist fist jab in 1974 
Oscar's introduction to his new club yesterday against Juventus
Please take 2 seconds of your time. And vote for this local star kicker.
Soccer hoolinagism has gotten out of hand.
Me and my friend cycled from Land's End to John O' Groats. Also, first time Reddit user here :)
Who are some of your favorite players that not many people know about?
In Germany, the gatorade shower is actually a beer shower.
That is the loudest manure chant I have ever heard - Ravens fans BullShit chant
Wooooowwww what a crazy last 8 sec
SUPER EXCITING MNF TIE BREAK!!! - Jordy Nelson vs  Sidney Rice
Time to replace the replacements
M.D. Jennings vs. Golden Tate Touchdown BS Call Review (VIDEO)
Yeah, I'm sure that's much better.
Made Myself a Wallpaper with My Favorite Teams (first attempt using Photoshop)
Most Controversial Bullshit/No Call in NFL History. Goodell bring back the real refs and get rid of these high school nobodys.
First thing that came to mind when I heard the referee dispute was resolved...
I have had Reddit for 9 months and couldn't think of anything worth to put up since. I've always wanted AFL (Aussie rules) to have more recognition around the world. i hope this demonstrates the greatness of this sport. go cats!
My Friend's Take on the Replacement Refs
Yeah.... why can't you?
Gordon Gee, Ohio State's Best Recruiter Of Uncompensated Student-Athletes, Expensed $64,000 Over Five Years On Bow Ties
Coming back from injury, top tips?
dwight howard dougie
New Official Houston Aeros Subreddit
Random: Eric Mangini Should Be A Head Coach (Or At Least Get Another Chance)
After seeing the WV John Denver, Had to post this from camp randall 
Miguel Cabrera could make history tonight with the first triple crown in 45 years.
New Brooklyn Nets Jerseys. Goddamn hipster basketball team, too cool for colors.
You Can't Talk Enough Tebow: ESPN's Instructions To On-Air Talent
Peyton Manning has agreed in principle to become part-owner of the Memphis Grizzlies. 
Phil Jackson: Derrick Rose will become more vocal leader
Come on tbs...
What I see watching the South Carolina-Georgia game.
Anyone else having this image randomly download from r/sports?
How quick is that sword?

Fencing hits slowed down. The sabre moves so quickly that you can not see the sword strikes, this is shows how the hits are made


Kobe Bryant’s left and right shoes are purposely two different colors, and named ‘Snake Pools,’ because why not?
sudden clarity about espn anchors.
As an A's fan, I'm hoping that ESPN is predicting the future.
Sometimes a company is kind enough to self-identify as a company that isn't worth doing business with. 
What's the best opening pitch you have ever seen at a ball game? This has to be mine (didn't see live). 
The Texas OU rivalry in one picture.
Jerry Kill, coach of Minnesota Golden Gophers, suffers seizure after game against Northwestern Wildcats  
As a fan of the Detroit Tigers, I made a reddit just to post this
Detroit tigers prince fielders son mistaken for a girl...OOPS!!!
Skydiver lands safely after 24-mile leap to Earth
It's that time of year again...
Philip Rivers At Halftime
Check out our opening night presentation, complete with on-ice projection and 5,000 LED foam sticks!
Nike drops deal with Lance Armstrong after he 
'misled us for a decade'
Lance Armstrong said Wednesday he is stepping down as chairman of his Livestrong cancer-fighting charity so the group can focus on its mission instead of its founder's problems
I lost it at L'Carpetron Dookmarriot
NLH lockout--those greedy bastards can't come to a deal? I vote that all fans boycott hockey IF and WHEN they come back with an agreement. 
Mini Me is world's biggest Michigan Wolverines fan [VIDEO]
Leeds Fan Hits Shef. Wedn. goalie Chris Kirkland during soccer game
Final: Pedd State 38, Iowa 14
Brian Wilson Plays A Song Using His Teammates' Heads - YouTube
Wheat Ridge Eliminators vs Standley Lake 12 year olds
Lance Armstrong: It’s likely that steroids weren’t his means of success as much as a symptom of his determination.
Victor Conte of Balco Labs goes on Joe Rogan podcast for 3 hours for incredible in-depth stories about steroids in sports
No winner for 1999-2005 Tours: UCI
Down 0-2 in the series
Ohio State marching band plays video game theme halftime show....Amazing
How the mighty are fallen: a bittersweet reunion with an old friend, Muhammad Ali.
Hey Rodgers!!!
Way to rub it in, U-verse...
Leafs player Tyler Bozak pulling the blackface.... Really classy guy
waqar2
Could the fans form a union to prevent future lockouts...vowing to boycott seasons if players and owners can't reach agreements before the season begins?  Would you be able to take a season or two off from your favorite sport?
TIL - There is no NHL deal in place!
I'd like to thank the Panthers for breaking the Redskins' streak of predicting the presidency. 
THIS...IS...CFL!
Peyton Manning and Andrew Luck both reach the halfway point of the season with a 5-3 record and 2,404 yards passing.
Michigan man accused of faking ID to play high school football 
Mike Brown is DONE in Los Angeles, and I'm THRILLED! GO Lakers!
Mario Balloteli
Ole Miss is gonna have their hands full. 
Alabama has given up more than 20 points once in the last 24 games. They just gave up 20 in the first quarter to Texas A&amp;M.
Professional athletes make royalties off jersey sales?
An Alabama fan melts down while playing Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 during Saturday's loss to Texas A&amp;M.
Hope Solo injured in fight with her fiance (former NFL TE Jerramy Stevens), Stevens arrested
Must have been a heck of a game
NFL Live Crew Tried to Squeeze as Many The Princess Bride References as Possible. Here is the Edited Breakdown...
This is a ridiculous catch. 
Separated at birth: Andrew Bynum and Tom Huddlestone
My fellow S.E.C. fans will understand
Fan's reaction to ND remaining the only unbeaten college football team
The B1G Ten conference is adding two more teams! Maryland and Rutgers. Is this necessary?
138 Point Game
hey /r/sports, my friend has been for the past 2 years building this social network, news gathering, and analytics tools for sports fan, all in one place. He would love to hear your feedback (Link inside)
My ring so u no im not lying 
A dirt bike rider films his descent down some of the world's most dangerous trails in the Himalayas
Hector 'Macho' Camacho to be taken off life support, says his mother  
Giants Stop Slide, Pound Packers 38-10 On Sunday Night
Cities' sports logos combined into one
Between the Benches: AHL's Wolves at Griffins
Kaepernick to start sunday against the Rams
Reports: Mets, David Wright agree to 7-year 
extension

WOW: Chiefs LB kills girlfriend in front of her mother; kills himself in front of coach and GM.
If Javon Belcher didn't commit suicide, the public and media would be singing a very different tune.
What sports venue is this?
Andrew Luck needs a nickname. I propose The Luck Dragon
Shocking new details in the Javon Belcher murder-suicide
Viking Linebacker Chad Greenway wants fans super-duper drunk for Sunday's game.
Bo Jackson..... Fucking A.
To the people complaining that the Redskins have won 4 straight
Novak Djokovic Buys Entire Supply of World's Most Expensive Cheese
Why is it that so many NFL fans are fans of teams other than their home team, much more so than other sports?
Which athlete(s) would you like to see cross over and play another sport a la Bo Jackson?
High School Girls Basketball game final score: 107-2
Russian fanclub demands team field only white, heterosexual players. 2018 World Cup might have some issues.
Let My Tebow Go
I see no difference between football and gladiator matches. Do you? 
So EA SPORTS is having a vote for what school should be on the cover of their next college football game. Who's currently in the lead? You guessed it... the 2-10 Kentucky Wildcats. (x-post from /r/CFB)
POPPED A MOLLY IM SWEATIN - lebron getting hyped pre-game
Gary Andersen headed to Wisconsin
Three-time US Olympian Suzy Favor Hamilton worked as Las Vegas escort
A classy move by Xavier university's men's basketball team
How does one of the most unsuccessful/mediocre teams(Lions) produce some of the best players(Sanders, Johnson(Honorable Mention for Hanson)) in the history of the NFL?
If you're a Titans Fan, you're gonna have a bad time. Go Pack!
I'm not a sports fan but seeing this boy's reaction to getting a glove from Sam Acho put a smile on my face,maybe it'll do the same for you
xpost from r/baseball: An amazing gift from my girlfriend: A one-of-a-kind painting of Honus Wagner
Bleacher Report and Yahoo's Adrian Wojnarowski say that Avery Johnson's been relieved of his duties as Nets' coach
MLB team to release controversial new hat 
Every time the Eagles play the Giants, I think of this
Somebody messed up really bad or Nate Kaeding is the best kicker in the history of the NFL
Is this a sport? Doubt it, but still cool. (crosspoint from r/ultimate)
Two-time Olympic gold medalist Mo Farah detained on terrorist suspicion | Fourth-Place Medal - Yahoo! Sports
High school player from the McCutcheon Mavericks hits an outrageous three-pointer while saving a loose ball
Despite Risks, College Football Still Using Powerful Painkiller
Site of Memorial Stadium. Former home of the Baltimore Orioles, Colts, Ravens, and Stallions. Re-purposed with the help of Cal Ripken Jr. 
Rex Ryan sports remarkable tattoo - ESPN New York
Mourinho Documentary - The most charismatic manager in assoc football. Worth the watch.
Hockey's back, and we don't care who knows
How I see Ray Lewis this game
Was on YouTube trying to find a good review of 2012 in the world of sports and I think I found it.
Came across the original in r/aww and felt that it needed some context. – FIXED
My thoughts on ND vs 'Bama
The president of FIFA is saying that he did not think it proper when this player, Kevin-Prince Boateng, lashed out at racist fans
My husband's playercard on Black Ops 2. I kinda love this. 
If you care for baseball at all, please vote for Miguel Cabrera for the cover of MLB The Show 13
Mike Piazza has some words for the BBWAA [x-post from r/baseball]
Big Boy Buzzer-Beater. Backwards. 
After the Broncos loss, many fans on Twitter claim that Tebow is better than Manning. Their logic? Tebow is 1-0 in Broncos playoff games while Manning is 0-1.
Armstrong admits doping
Why Minnesota is the state of hockey infographic
Ray Lewis doesn't always retire, but when he does, he goes to the Super Bowl first.
/r/trickplays, a new subreddit for posting all of the crazy trick plays, feats of skill, or otherwise amazing plays from your favorite sports.
This man needs 1 million 'likes' before his wife will allow him to fly from Oz to watch Bradford City in the final. Go help him! :)
So...uh..Ronaiah Tuiasosopo is going on Dr. Phil to talk about the hoax I guess...
An interesting change to the rules of baseball
Football vs. Rugby: Which is more dangerous?
Cape Verde team profile
49ers team send off draws DOZENS... while the RAVENS see THOUSANDS!!!
Hines Ward to Appear on the Walking Dead (!)
Caleb Moore, an innovative freestyle snowmobile rider who was hurt in a crash at the Winter X Games in Colorado, died Thursday morning. He was 25.
Manti Te'o, Chris Culliver, and the long road to ending homophobia in sports
Former WWE Hardcore Champion and Harvard Alumnus, Chris Nowinski has made a documentary about Concussion in Sports. (Interview)
My friend wrote this about David Kopay and Vince Lombardi. David Kopay was the first NFL player to come out as gay and Vince Lombardi was the legendary coach that the Superbowl Trophy is named after.
Muhammad Ali Gravely Ill
The Ravens BLEW OUT the lights because they were DELIGHTED by their performance
How I feel r/sports will be for the next few days
As an avid sports fan, social media pissed me off tonight (x-post from r/AdviceAnimals)
as a rebel, my fb newsfeed ad couldn't have been more perfect... i hope
Reporter interrupts high school students signing day speech (@1:10)
LeBron tweets 2 words. Skip Bayless and Stephen A. Smith spend 5 minutes interpreting them.
just finished a book about Jack Molinas. A match fixer extrodinaire back in the day. Fascinating guy!
Which is it, Yahoo! Sports?
Pete Maravich put up 66 points against Tulane 44 years ago today. Here's the scorebook from the game
What is a sport I can play my wife without an unfair advantage by being male (I don't mean that in an offensive way)
Serbian Cup basketball final stopped because of fan violence
Why the Bakersfield Condors need a name change.
IOC to drop wrestling from 2020 Olympics.  How can this be justified?  Wrestling to the Olympics is what apple pie is to America.  
The CU Twins did the harlem shake last night, along with a stadium full of students. 
Oscar Pistorius runs 400M London Summer Olympics 2012 (Remembering better times)
Uncle says Oscar Pistorius 'numb'
Never been to a roller derby bout before? 
Terps Fans Celebrate Win Over Duke 
TIL: You have to make a call to cancel your ESPN Insider account. Great if you live in Europe /s
Lead Oscar Pistorius detective offers confusing testimony  
Just stop playing bball and get back to the kitchen and make me a sandwich
Hey Reddit sports fans! Why do you watch football (or handegg, more accurately--sincerest apologies to Europe)?
Theo Walcott | Arsenal 2012/13 | All Goals So Far |
16 Examples Of Kobe Bryant's Insane Work Ethic
In this year of scandal, we list 10 reasons why sport is totally broken
University of Alabama offers full-ride scholarship to 8th grade football star though he won't finish high school until 2017
High School coach plays mentally challenged team manager in the final game. Then the story gets even more heart-warming
Girls High School Varsity Basketball Team Buzzer Beater to Win Game
The original Google Glasses
Half court overtime buzzer beater in Utah State semifinals. 
Sri Lanka cricket team refuse new contracts and demand higher pay and perks before the upcoming Bangladesh series
Insane high school hoops finish
Sports analytics and the MIT Sloan Conference
Transgender MMA fighter faces Florida license review
Mixed Martial Arts - Does transgender MMA fighter have unfair advantage?
Black Hawk Down
My girlfriend and I had this issue at the Knicks game the other night...
Top 10 : Most Creative Moves During Hockey Shootout (x=post from /r/videos)
Reason number one Brittney Griner and Anthony Davis should NEVER meet...
Why Do Most Think NASCAR Is Not A Sport?
NFL Drug Tester tracks Kirk Cousins down at this Grandmother's house
Broncos Release Elvis Dumervil after He Agreed to 4M Pay Cut in 2013 (fax to Commish was 6 min. late)
Alright /r/sports, who is your most overall dominant athlete in their respective sport?
Danielle Hagan - Musical KADA - 16th Annual RYU KEN Classic, Montgomery,...Daneille Hagan's Musical Kada is uploaded! This girl to tough. You boys better not cross her! Hey Dad, you won't need that shotgun, after all!
So apparently this chick is a bit confused about Jason Terry's death by vicious dunk...as was reported by Terry's altered Wikipedia page. 
How I feel about my March Madness bracket... 
Anyone else doing really well in their brackets? With low possible points...
What is your favorite ever play call by a sportscaster?  Mine easily goes to Gus Johnson on R. Lewis last second 3 to go to OT where the Buckeyes prevailed to advance to the Sweet 16.  I would type, but its much better to watch...makes me want to give up my dreams to yell about sports on TV.
Only cried for 3 hours..
Minor League Ballpark Testing Out Pee-controlled Urinal Games
Louisville player Kevin Ware breaks his whole leg on bad fall!
Kevin Ware just signed an exclusive endorsement deal with IHOP
The new Dolphins Logo doesn't seem very aggressive...
FAIL: Austrian team demonstrates how NOT to defend a free kick
FAIL! Barack Obama plays Basketball on Easter, misses 17 consecutive shots
OTL: Rutgers' Rice Berates Players at Practice
Barcelona vs PSG 1st GOAL Messi
Mark Cuban: I'd draft Brittney Griner
The Brittney Griner to the NBA debate shows womens sports are a sham
Shocking video of Mike Rice's first coaching job
Four NFL players close to coming out, says ex-Raven Brendon Ayanbadejo -- says players 'trying to be organised' to announce 'monumental day' for gay rights in co-ordination with NFL
We on!
Good Guy Mike McCarthy
Every time I see a post about some random sport I don't know anything about.
The bombs that blew up seconds apart at the finish line of one of the world's most storied races left the streets spattered with blood and glass, three dead, including an 8-year-old boy, more than 140 wounded and gaping questions of who chose to attack at the Boston Marathon and why.
My girlfriend won the US Figure-skating championships on Saturday in Scottsdale, AZ. Very proud of her and her gold medal win!!
Barry Zito's offensive WAR is 37th in the NL (and it doesn't account for his pitching)!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If you knew someone who didn't 't like watching your favorite sport, what single game would you show them to get them interested?
The doctor told me not to run..
Sox Fans Agree
Carlos Gomez's sneaky move to avoid a water dump made the best baseball photo of the year so far.
NBC's Notre Dame deal extended
Boston Red Sox - David Ortiz This is Our Fucking City
Special Moment At East Carolina University Spring Game
If there was a Mount Rushmore with someone representing each major professional sport in the United States (NFL, NBA, MLB, NHL), who would represent their respective sport?
U. of New Hampshire shot-putter ends career to donate bone marrow
Dani Alves tried to give a boy a mohawk during the Champions League anthem
NYC unveils more details for All-Star game at Citi Field; voting for players starts
Who thinks golf sucks? It sucks, dudes.
After seeing how many people enjoyed hearing about water polo, here's a link to the 1956 Olympic game between Hungary and Russia aka *The Blood in the Water Match*
I need some help identifying a signature.
So my nephew was playing in a basketball tournament this weekend..
The first openly gay athlete in Major US professional sports history came out today. Do you think ESPN will cover it?
Jason Collins comes out, and here's what Wikipedia had to say
A new contender for worst miss you've ever seen on a soccer pitch
Goal of the year? Edward Wilson's amazing solo golazo (Semen) v Churchill Brothers
Sad Tebow
How do you get pumped up for a game?
Has anyone on reddit ever been an expected top draft pick,that fell way down on the day?
Hey guys, I just created /r/ProGolf for fans of professional golf. Feel free to come check it out!
Pole crush!!
Novak Djokovic telling the fans on Serbian ,,Now you lick my dick! (v Dimitrow in Madrid)
For everyone who says that baseball isn't a contact sport ...
Controller Disconnected
Yoshihide Kiryu could be the first Asian man to win a medal in the Olympics for the 100 m.
Firestarters
Russell Brand vs Joakim Noah = Close Enough
Real hockey fans will understand this
'Not in 100 years from now will Benfica win a European Cup' - continues
In honor of Beckham's retirement, here's his 30-yard, last-minute free kick against Greece to send England to the 2002 World Cup Finals.
EPIC FAIL: Goalie celebrates saved penalty, ball spins in (Irmo v Lexington, USA)
Mike Krzyzewski to return as Team USA men's basketball coach
TIL: Buck Showalter is only 57 years old and managed his first team ('92 Yankees) at age 35.
Federer just joined Twitter!
Reddit Fantasy Football?
The new 100% goal line success player. Just give this dude the ball at the 1 and he'll score, guaranteed.
San Antonio Spurs will Close out Memphis Grizzlies in Five Games of NBA Western Conference Finals
don't know if it's a repost, but amazing video about a Kenyan High jump competition
Belly putter ban is an attempt to hinder the evolution of golf @ The Fan Hub
Irish fans rocking Wembley! 80,000 fans and all you can hear are the 10,000 Irish!
My sister's boyfriend had a legendary photobomb at the Blackhawks win last night against Detroit!
The most stoked you'll be today, in two minutes.
Roy Hibbert fined $75,000 for ending a response to a question about his defending Lebron James with the words No homo
One-Legged Charity Football Match descends into Mass Punch-up
Long snapping trick shot video
Meet Biba: sexiest ping pong player alive (pics)
10 Things Major League Baseball Won't Tell You
Trinity wins: 15 laterals on last play
Martina Hingis Tests Positive for Cocaine At Wimbledon
Ferrari FXX Evolution (pics)
Too Much Butt Slapping In Macho American Football?
10 Reasons Baseball Is a Weird Sport
Top 10 Worst Looking `07 Cars [PICS]
Oswego scores and its all his fault
NHL Board of Governors votes to change scheduling process for '08-'09 season, each team will face every team in both conferences at least once
EVel Knievel Dead At 69
Navy Destroys Army 38-3 :-(
Learning To Snowboard
Why do Thin Guys Always Win Eating Contests?
Patriots still Perfect
Guy climbs 500ft cliff in 4 minutes with no gear [video]
New survey shows people prefer Adidas to Nike
Top 20 Sexiest Athlete Wives of 2007 [SFW]
Source says information ties Roger Clemens to steroid use
Vick's former Virginia estate fails to sell at auction
Andy Pettitte Admits Using HGH During 2002 
Widow takes late husbands ashes to Heinz Field
3 UNC Football Players Assaulted
WOW!  Patriots Attain Perfection! Enter History Books as only 16-0 team 
Randy Moss in his younger days...wicked fast [video]
Parcells hires Ireland to be Dolphins general manager - NFL
BREAKING: Tom  Brady wins 2008 NFL MVP Award
New England now 17-0 and counting. 
UFC 80 Live Fight Card Results
Bills in Toronto, teams in London…The NFL continues to go global
Giants' grit will overcome Pats' talent in Super Bowl (ORLY?)
SFR freeskiing tour
The Toilet Bowl: Determining the Worst Football Team in NFL History
We Almost Beat The Patriots Once, We Can Almost Beat Them Again
Have you ever tried playing soccer/football with binoculars?  These guys did.
NBA MVP - Who? (With Malice) « With Malice…
The Best in the East
Arsenal signs 15 year old Luke Freeman
Brilliant Free-Kick
Kevin Everett Getting Stronger Every Day 
Sports Illustrated Cheerleader Policy: 'Whites Only' (except for the two asian chicks from CA)
Pau Gasol Traded To The Lakers 
Brock Lesnar Vs Frank Mir Fight Video UFC 81
Halftime report Giants 3 - 7 Patriots (Super Bowl 2008)
Top 3 Super Bowl Commercials of 2008 | Smojo Speaks
Texas Tech coaching legend, Bob Knight, steps down from coaching
 Report: Shaq On Trading Block, Again
Greg Paulus shines through as Duke beats UNC
 McNamee's lawyers show photos of needles
Real Life Soap Opera: The Rich Rodriguez Story
Tigers Coach Stays True to His Word
From College to Pros: MLS Edition
Brian McNamee Says He Injected Roger Clemens' Wife Before This Photo Was Taken. What Do You Think ?
Shocked by Shaq trade, LeBron seeks to improve Cavs
Pre-Game Rituals: The Haka and Beyond
At A Glance: Men's D-I Lacrosse
College Hockey Wide Open As Conference Play Wraps Up
Armenian boxer knocks out 10 Turks after he Wins match
UGA Tennis: Can’t Stop, Won’t Stop
The Buzz of South Florida
Kudos to Florida State
WTF -- Cowboys owner Jerry Jones dancing with Urkel [PIC]
What's the Word?
Most Memorable College Basketball Coaching Moments of 2007-2008
Tyranny Challenged as Big Red Reigns Supreme
Love on the Water
Cheating at Harvard
Would You Cancel a Date with a Cleveland Cavaliers Dancer?
The Greatest Streaks in College Sports
Zen and the Art of the Coach’s Blow Up
Video Documentary Of The One Inch Punch
Contador won't leave Astana for Tour de France
Cung Le beats holy tar outt've Frank Shamrock
Final 4 Climax Means NFL Finishes 1 Month Break
I Hate the NHL
Basbeall Honors Jackie Robinson By Un-Retiring the Number 42 Just for Today.
PGA Golfer Anthony Kim's Breakthrough Win at Wachovia
Atlanta Falcons' Michael Boley Arrested for Battery
Man U tops Wigan, claims 10th Premier title in 16 years
Garcia: 'I want to thank Tiger for not being here.'
Ladies, Start Your Engines
Carlos Guillens' Ass Hurts
Roy Williams Compares Himself to Jesus
Bill O'Reilly Discusses EliteXC on CBS, Calls It a Roman Empire [VID]
Red Sox Brawl Video
Highschool baseball: Catcher ducks, ball hits ump in face - controversy ensues 
 Scolari named as Chelsea manager
From South Dakota USA to the Russian Olympic Team: Is Becky Hammon a traitor or savvy capitalist?
One of the most inventive and controversial free-kicks of all time
Reviving an Olympic Dream, 25 Years Later
The dying art of the knuckleball
NBA:  Sonics leave Seattle for Oklahoma City.  On the list of potential names: The OC Gangstas 
Dara Torres Makes Olympic History
Nadal wins longest ever Wimbledon title, in an incredible match!
C.C. Sabathia traded to Brewers!
Interesting Look at NFL Franchises and their Popularity Online
China trains 200,000 cheerleaders – for other Olympic teams - Olympics - Yahoo! Sports
Fitness model Alicia Marie another A-Rod lady friend to add to the divorce fun
Trapped in a cubicle?  You can still eat healthy!
Major League Baseball ’s wave of nostalgia over the final season at Yankee Stadium obscures the fact that this teardown was unnecessary. 
 The Ass-entials of Beach Volleyball  (pics)
Babe Ruth's Teammate Speaks: 100-Year-Old Bill Werber
Marcus Camby Traded to Clippers for 2010 2nd Round Picks
NFL Player IQ by Position Played
NFL Training Camp is about as fun as a bag of dicks according to Chris Cooley
Crazy Fight During Game Between L.A. Sparks and Detroit Shock
Video: Alexei Ramirez’s Flip Play...One of the Better Baseball Plays
Carlos Sastre Became the Third Consecutive Spaniard to Win Tour de France
CHARLIE WEIS gets booed at Cubs game.
Officials in Beijing have been designing a special lab to determine the sex of athletes. Here are some famous instances when female athletes were caught in the gender trap.
The 50 Hottest Women Golfers Of All Time
11 Extraordinary technologies for a better Beijing Olympics!
 The Top 10 Best NFL Names: Dick Butkus Would Approve
Panthers send Steve Smith home after fight with Lucas  
College Football: Jimmy Clausen's Drinking Game Prowess Prompts Investigation By Notre Dame
Brett Favre Traded to New York Jets
Olympic Boxing sucks. Who wants to see Olympic MMA? That would be the true test of who has the toughest country.
While you were sleeping
Did you know Olympic Beach Volleyball specify a maximum uniform size?  Anyway: Georgia and Russia throw sand and insults w/ link to photos
No Matter How Many Gold Medals Michael Phelps Wins
What Will It Take To Get Chicago The 2016 Olympic Games?
Phelps makes olympic history with 8th gold
Feed The Goat
Karen Cockburn - Great on the Trampoline, Not so Great Name
Olympics: What Winning Looks Like [PICS]
US Basketball Will Go For The Gold After Win Against Argentina
Cuban Taekwondo Fighter Banned After Kicking Ref (Video)
Michael Phelps Returns To His Tank At Sea World
Fallout From New LPGA English Only Policy Continues
Michael Phelps Announces Creation of Swimming Foundation
5 Things You Didn’t Know: Dallas Cowboys New Stadium
I've got the edge on Kimi
Padres Owner and Wife Flipping Coins to Figure Out Who Gets Use of the Owners Box
Nastia Liukin: Gymnasts Don't Get to Eat 12,000 Calories
20 Funniest Athlete Names
San Diego Chargers Should Stop Crying
Chad Johnsons Gmail Account Hacked!
Alex Romero Hearts Mary Carey
The Most Awkward Elevator Ride in Cleveland Browns History
Oregon State is, right now, killing #1 USC 21-0
It's Official: Alabama is the Scariest Team in the SEC
Zorn, Redskins take down Cowboys  
As long as you're rooting for either McCain or Obama, you can make a claim to Friday's victory.
Some Wrigleyville Bar Owners Cave to Chicago's Booze Cutoff
No. 4 Missouri piles it on Nebraska.  1st win in Lincoln in 30 years.
Confession: I'm a Red Sox fan but I wanted the Cubs to win it all.
Final curtain for the Kimbo show
Niners Retire Famed Quarterback Steve Young's Jersey
Are You Ready For Some Lingerie Football - 10 Team League - 8 Games - Championship at Superbowl
Tennessee's Foster wants to conduct interviews in Pterodactyl only.
Holy Toledo.  Toledo beats Michigan 13-10 after late FG miss 
LaDainian Tomlinson and Troy Polamalu ‘Leave Nothing’  Nike Commercial
Florida High School team beats opponent 91-0 and now there are a bunch of parents pissed off
19-year old NHL prospect dies during game
An old-fashioned hockey fight in 08? (vid)
10 Reasons why this will be a World Series worth watching
FCC going to waste taxpayer money for sponsorship in NASCAR
 Tom Brady underwent two more procedures on knee 
Nicks helps Tar Heels top No. 23 Eagles 45-24 
Tim McGraw spreads his father's ashes on World Series mound 
Highlights from the Blazer Dancer Selection Party...Oof
Craig Sager Has a Really, Really Gross Fingernail. It Kind of Matches His Wardrobe
A Round Up of All the New Jerseys in the NHL this season.  They want your money!!
Amazing Georgia High School Football Catch 
The mystery of the Major League Baseball logo designer    
It doesn't get classier than Paterno: I'm not comfortable with how big you run up the score. You win. The object of the game is not to embarrass anybody.
The Death Of The Poker Boom
#14 Ball State looks to go 10-0 Tuesday night against Miami, OH.  
Jim Leyritz is an ASSHOLE!
Philadelphia Eagles QB Donovan McNabb, others clueless about ties.  Thought there would be a 2nd overtime.
UK Tennis Star Christopher Doerr Arrested for Rape
Former heavyweight champ Bowe, 41, to make a comeback
Philadelphia Eagles bench Donovan McNabb at halftime against Ravens
JoePa undergoes successful hip replacement - His old hip had 393 wins on it.  Winningest hip of all time.
NFL Game Shown in 3D This Week!
Video: Anderson Cooper Challenges Michael Phelps To Pool Race
All Celtics, or All Stars?
Tommy Tuberville Fired as Auburn’s Football Coach
BCS declares Germany winner of WWII
Pacquiao dominates, stops De La Hoya in 8th round
So this is how it ends for Oscar De La Hoya
Evolution of Michael Jordan [36 pics]
David Beckham Shows His Two Faces ( bungee jumping photos)
Mets Sign K-Rod 3 years 37 mil, pending physical.
Nicolas Anelka and Didier Drogba dilemma for Chelsea
Carmelo Anthony Ties 30-Year-Old NBA Record
Stupid Athlete Off-field Injuries
Barry Sanders Jr. amazing touchdown run and interview
Should Congress force legislation for a college football playoff system? The good news though is that Obama has already taken a pro-playoffs stand.-Rachel Scall
T.O. reportedly unhappy with Romo, Witten - Thinks they are drawing up plays to exclude him
Terrell Owens Acts like a Little Bitch..Again.
Capitals dress web-site producer as backup goalie
Michael Phelps and Caroline Pal Split Already?
Bradford wins Heisman
Lashley needs just 41 seconds in MMA debut, Monson defeats Rodriguez
Shea Stadium Demolition - 12/15/08
Auburn plays its part
Can the Dallas Cowboys win a title with the drama philosophy?
NFL Pro Bowl rosters released Manning Brothers make History
boycott the BCS
Auburn blows its big chance
Red Sox pull out of Teixeira negotiations
How to not play sports video games like a moron : The Madden Code of Conduct
Cesc Fabregas ruled out for four months
Arkansas High School Football Coach Never Punts On Fourth Down, Wins State Title
Welker fined for making a snow angel...wtf
Liverpool determined to stay top 
One vote for Peyton Manning as MVP
ESPN - Report:Tom Brady behind in recovery from surgery, Could miss next year
The Hoosiers shouldn't have run Mike Davis out of town.
Vote up if you think the Denver Broncos should be forcibly removed from the NFL and not allowed to play anymore until they can compete!
Charles spent the night in the drunk tank... ALLEGEDLY! 
Hardcore Hockey Fight - Milan Lucic vs Tim Wallace Dec 30, 2008
Probably the Best Hockey Save I've Ever Seen
Rose Bowl : Penn State vs. USC
Football match stopped after ejected player returns to field with sword
Manning's reward for challenging season is 3rd MVP
WATCH ANY NHL GAME FOR FREE, TONIGHT ONLY!!!
Natalie Gulbis Dwarfs Sergio Garcia!
Michael Jordan, 1983, 1st Acting Job, Funny Video
Who is this sexy photoshopped chick really rooting for? Florida or Oklahoma?
Red Sox to sign free-agent outfielder Rocoo Baldelli
Jason Thompson Prank Video
Ask Sports Reddit: Which team will win tonight: Florida or Oklahoma?
Does anyone else think the BCS champsionship becomes less and less legitimate?
Cardinals Stun Panthers in NFC Divisional Round
The Top 10 Most Valuable Players in the English Premier League
New McLaren car is unveiled
Astros: Clemens welcome in camp -- as a fan
Pete Carroll's Website Trashing Mark Sanchez's Decision to Leave USC Early for the NFL -- At Some Point You'd Expect Carroll To Realize He's Acting Like a Complete Jerk
Vegas Bookmakers Give Steelers Early Nod Over Cards
NBA Players and Coaches Reaction To Obama and MLK Jr, Video
Golf club head covers are useless. Please stop wasting your money and my time :)
2010 Winter Olympics Ice Hockey Preview - It's never too early!
No go for Vick
Still think Mike Tyson is the baddest man on the planet? Think again. This guy has demolished anyone put in front of him
Detroit Lions earn of the dubious distinction of the only NFL team to lose money
Most Insane Commercials Featuring Sports Stars
Lil Wayne's Super Bowl pick
Check out Marty St. Louis' shoot out move at 0:30 - it looks like the puck is glued to his stick! 
Andy Murray ousted in 4th round at Australian Open 
Meet the 2008-09 Raptors Dance Pak 
Handball coach, Heiner Brand, goes after ref, Funny Video
Super Bowl brings flood of stuff to Ebay.  Does anyone even care to buy this crap?
Sports' All-Time Ugliest Uniforms
Why the hell is Matt Millen on NBC giving football analysis?
Collection of all 43 Super Bowl logos
Meet Tristan Kingsley, The Super Bowl Porn Girl
Vote : Did Alex Rodriguez Cheat?
Horse Fights!
New Video Proof, Lebron did get the Knicks 52 point Triple Double
Louisiana must find $27.5 million next year to fulfill contracts that keep the Saints and Hornets in New Orleans.
UAE denies visa to Israeli tennis player
David Stern Losing Mind Over Mere Possibility of Lebron &amp; Shaq vs. Kobe &amp; Phil NBA Finals
Allen Stanford debacle confirms sport is a whore
Vikes, 49ers may make trade play for Vick
Snooker Player Gets Legal Papers Served Live On The BBC During Match
Anna Kournikova in an Indian dress &lt;Images&gt;
The 4 Best All-Time Players From Each AL MLB Franchise
Hangin' With Gheorghe Muresan - What is the 7'7 Romanian up to?
Manny Rejects Dodgers Latest Offer 2yrs/45m
New England Patriots Examiner: Fred Taylor shuns Bills, signs with Patriots
T.O. has been cut... thank god
Kobe Bryant's First Pro Game when He was 17
Chris Paul breaks off Jason Terry
FSU football receives four years' probation, must give up wins
Letterman's Top 10 3/5/09
Anna Kournikova at her seductive best in the latest shoot for a sports label! 
 It's time to add another name to the list of prominent athletes associated with anabolic steroids: Ken Shamrock
X-ray bone analysis of 15,000 young Chinese athletes shows about 20 per cent have lied about their ages.
Five Golfers We Hope Pull A Henrik Stenson (And Five We Don't)
Most Amazing Baseball Hit EVER! Video
Manchester United vs Liverpool | Free Flash video streaming on sports network
Smush Parker “Playing with the Lakers was Overrated”, Talking Kobe Bryant Trash, Video
Jimmy Fallon on U of Tennessee @ Chattanooga Mocs, Video
Rip Hamilton shops for masks, Video
Best Dunk Ever...Period!
Funny Sports and Brutal Sports
Security Guard swipes John 3:16 banner as Siena-Ohio State game heads into OT
Ice Hockey Meets Football/Soccer
Lance Armstrong Crashes In Spain, Breaks Collarbone: Video
ROUND 2: BEST SPORTS BLOG NAME TOURNEY | Zoner Sports
Happy Birthday Danica Patrick | The World According to MoonDog
UConn-Purdue Matchup Marred By Cheating Allegations
Why the Slow Move to Live Streaming Sports?
Australian Rules Football Referee Punches Fan
Charles Barkley and the TNT crew on Cops, Video
Michael Jordan vs Worthy, MJ the most competitive athlete EVER! Video
Why Ronaldo should be called back to Brazil squad
Kentucky Wildcats Get Calipari to Coach Men's Basketball Team
Rick Barry makes sure he touches his chin twice, Game 5 1976 NBA finals, Video
ESPN Reports:  Jay Cutler Going to Chicago Bears
Your Big Man's NCAA Tournament Victory Sandwich
Expect good things from the 2009 St. Louis Cardinals 
Cheryl Miller vs Scot Pollard, NBA TV, Video, Pollard challenges her to a game of 1 on 1
Kosuke Fukudome Souvenir FAIL, Video
Torii Hunter Rap FAIL, Video
All NL-Central Team: Infield
Michael Crabtree to the Browns at No. 5?
Video: Full-Court Buzzer Beater From Poland
Joe Biden would be President if he had Jim Palmer’s Hair, Video
Jason Taylor takes a shot at the J-E-T-S
Mike Ribeiro scores a spectacular shootout winner with the luckiest bounce you'll see today.
Harry Kalas voice of the Philadelphia Phillies and NFL Films (1936-2009)
Phillies lose their voice: Broadcaster Harry Kalas dies - Longtime team announcer known for his ‘Outta here!’ home run call
Cat Runs Around On Field During New York Mets Citi Field Opener: Video
Chinese Soccer Coach Beats Up One Of His Players
Here’s how the NBA Playoffs are going to go…
6 things that made you think you were good at sports
The NBA Finals, by the numbers
Sports teams could Fiercicate their logos like the Lions
High School Prep Star to Skip to Europe
Hawks mascot, an actual hawk, gets loose delaying playoff game
Student sports reporter gets shutout for speaking the truth
Ty Lawson to enter NBA Draft; Ellington too
Rams buy Mark Sanchez a plane ticket - buy why? Why!
Lions sign Matthew Stafford to six-year, $78 million deal
Detroit Lions draft Matthew Stafford #1, agree to $72 million deal.
Alex Ovechkin.  Best Hockey Player in NHL -- This is Why
Ellsbury takes home from Pettitte 
CHONE FIGGINS vs. SHONN GREENE - WHO HAS THE WORSE NAME? (POLL)
We know it's worthless but what the heck: College Football Top 25 After Spring Practice!!
 Dwight Howard’s Twitter Feed Last Night…Foolish
Great Basketball Strategy Article - Malcolm Gladwell
Did Manny Ramirez Cheat? VOTE!
Celtics Big Baby Glen Davis with Gamewinning Buzzer-Beater Shot against Magic (video)
Best NFL players without a job
NBA Star Dirk Nowitzki Con-Artist Lover to Appear in Court
DC-Baltimore's Triumvirate of Ownership Futility
The NFL doesn't owe Michael Vick a career
Kobe and LeBron (Three Rings)
 Five reasons Duke can't compete anymore in the NCAA Tournament
David Ortiz Can Call It a Career
Washington Nationals Can't Get Tarp On Field Without Help From Fans
Former NBA forward Brian Grant has Parkinson's disease and is starting a website devoted to his fight with the neurological disorder. 
Video Evidence that Charles Barkley's Golf Swing is Still Garbage, Even with Hank Haney's Help
Kobe scores 40 as Lakers beat Nuggest 105-103
60 Photos of Maria Verchenova : Russian Golf Hottie
NBA Rumors: Nash’s extension, Grizzlies like Thabeet and more
Orlando Magic stun the Cleveland Cavaliers 107-106
Face of the 2009 NBA Draft Lottery
Well, Joe Buck Thinks They All Look The Same...
Arrested man says he sold steroids to Caps, Nats.  You name the sport, and I've sold steroids to athletes who play it, he says
Top 5 Worst Teams in Sports
Doug Stanhope Ricky Williams and Marijuana
Serena Williams accuses opponent of cheating at French Open; opponent counters...Oh no you di'int!:
Soderling crushes Nadal in French Open Tennis 2009
YouTube - LeBron On Defeat.  Donning a NY hat.  Claims he's not a poor sport.
Federer escapes defeat.  Comes from two sets down in French Open to beat Tommy Haas.
Evgeni Malkin is Lucky He Didn’t Lose More than Just the Game
Dana White’s newfound respect for Kimbo Slice &amp; Gary Shaw
NBA Mock Draft Version 2.0 + Consensus
Randy Johnson gets his 300th career win. Only 23 other pitchers in baseball history have reached this feat.
Only 1 DWI Arrest at Cowboy Stadium Opening - Just happened to be the Stadium GM
Why did the trend in causes for death of football (soccer) players on the field change in 1973?
Three Longtime NBA Officials Retiring
Los Angeles Lakers win the NBA Chanpionship
ESPN: the Fox News of Sports? Sound off!
Baseball phenom to skip final 2 years of high school to be eligible for next year's MLB Draft
Tim Tebow emerges
Jose Canseco's MMA Match against a 7-2 Korean kickboxer Ends as You'd Expect [video]
Brandon Marshall Says Goodbye to Broncos Fans on His Blog
Does Ben Gordon have a promise from the Pistons?
If Favre signs with Minnesota, will Jackson get the boot?
Palmer’s wife slams door on idea of Ochocinco moving in
She should be in the NBA.
People making tons of cash with football-seat licenses while the rest of us can't afford to go
Maria Sharapova bikini shoot
Veteran Fargo race car driver killed in crash
1-0 USA Over Brazil? Start Watching if you aren't already!
2009 NBA Free Agency Preview: The top unrestricted free agents (Boozer, Turkoglu, Gordon, etc.)
Yankees Sweep Mets at Citi Field.  Rivera Gets 500th Save.
Time for the Cubs to stop playing Board Games
Ben Gordon to sign with Detroit Pistons, 5 yrs and 55 million dollars
NFL asks Supreme Court to weigh in on antitrust case
The Mets Don't Like Furries
Fun With Pitcher's Swinging Strike Percentage
Andy Roddick prevents first male British player finalist in Wimbledon since 1938.  Takes Murray down in four sets.  Can he stop Federer in the third meeting at a Wimbledon final?
Turkoglu headed to Toronto!?!
Another epic Wimbledon final!  Roger wins his 6th Wimbledon and breaks Pete Sampras's record of 14 Slams.  5-7, 7-6 (8-6), 7-6 (7-5), 3-6, 16-14

La Liga is superior to Premier League
Police now thinking Steve McNair's mistress was murdered?
Wow. Onboard videos from F1'09 races.
LeBron James tells Trevor Ariza that he plans to stay in Cleveland
Video-Erik Estrada's Awkward 7th Inning Interview At Wrigley Field
Bernie Ecclestone Really Needs To Stop Talking
Nike doesn't allow Witnesses. (pic)
19-year-old Aussie tennis player fined &amp; suspended for shouting racial slur at South African opponent &amp; spitting at his coach
Brandon Inge is an All-Star!
Kelly Pavlik vs Felix Sturm Tentatively Scheduled For October 3
Breaking Down Milton Bradley’s Hitting Problems
Chicago's Chosen Ones: Chicago Sports figures touted as the second coming in the last few years and how they've panned out.
Brock Lesnar's WWE buddy calls him an animal killer

Which 2008 AFC Playoff Team Will Not Return in 2009?
Usain Bolt Blows Away Competition in Switzerland - 200 Meter in 19.59
UFC champ, Brock Lesnar, apologizes for being rude.
National League: Lucky #13?
Chiefs lock up Cassel
What would you like to see improve around here?
More Ichiro antics: I'm going to mess with your house.
Leipheimer surgery pics
Yet another reason Myron Rolle is so much better than you
Ex-NFL star Vick's dogfighting sentence ends - Suspended quarterback will begin lobbying for reinstatement to league
Jason Kendall, Ryan Braun And The Brewers Suck
Breaking News: ESPN Extends Baseball Games to 9 and 2/3 Innings
Rickey Henderson Scored Runs, Stole Bases, And Spawned At Least One Marriage 
The finest World Cup goal?
Win a FREE NFL Jersey through ArmchairAtheletes.net NFL Pick 'Em Challenge
Stephon Marbury streaming webcast is a sad show that entails eating Vaseline and breaking down in tears in the middle of a prayer. 
Summer of comebacks continues: Michael Schumacher returns
Cue Sweet Caroline.  Two more names surface from the steroids list:  Ortiz and Manny.
Former England manager Bobby Robson has died 
UL Football coach Steve Kragthorpe's fake Twitter account in trouble for Erin Andrews commentary
If You Don’t Like Jay Cutler, You’ve Come To The Wrong Place
Why It's Finally Awesome To Watch Golf On TV
Braylon Edwards Failing At More Than His Physical 
YouTube - Tiger Woods laughs at fart during 2009 Buick Open
Matthew Stafford's Girlfriend Is An Implant Sportin' Georgia Cheerleader
Interesting new way to fix College Football?  Cut it down to 40 teams and institute a relegation system.
David Ortiz's Gmail Hacked
How Fast Can A Human Run The 100 Meter Sprint?
Dana White Slams Fedor and Strikeforce | Video
Florida tops USA Today coaches' poll - Texas was second in the poll released Friday, followed by Oklahoma, Southern California, Alabama, Ohio State, Virginia Tech, Penn State, LSU and Mississippi.
I think I liked baseball better when steroids and HGH were common and the press, teams, and MLB looked the other way.
Derrick Rose Basketball Camp 2009
Rocky road trip sets Cubs back
Kenny Williams Is Bored So He Makes Crazy Trades
Does anyone actually enjoy TV sports commentators?
In the NFL, felony DUI manslaughter = 1 year suspension.
Tennis's world #1 Federer, and #2 Nadal, both crashed out of the Montreal Masters.
Samkon Gado 77 Yard TD Run (Video)
How the Eagles can use Vick.  (I thought I was original when I thought about this, but google proved me wrong.)
The New York Jets rookie quarterback Mark Sanchez will get his first career start against the Baltimore Ravens.
Stephen Strasburg signs with the Nationals for $15.1 million guaranteed
Favre is expected to sign with Vikings today
Brett Favre will sign with Vikings today
Brett Favre: Committing Treason
Millions pretend football means something
Burnley beat Man. United(!) for their first Premiership victory in decades.
Be impressed, Reddit. An unassisted triple play! 
 Mario Chalmers, NCAA Hero of The Decade
Boxing is jumping the shark as Floyd Mayweather's Rolls-Royce involved in drive-by at a skating center
Venus and Serena Williams to be the Miami Dolphins next owners? I didn't know they were football fans.
Fantasy Footballers: Adrian Peterson goes first... which RB do you take 2nd?
Ricketts’ Lesbian Daughter “Twist” in Cubs Sale Gives Jay Mariotti a Boner
McNabb says using Vick upset Eagles rhythm 
UFC 102: Watch Nogueira defeat Couture before he takes on Brock Lesnar
An Appreciative Thank You and Goodbye to Jose Contreras and Jim Thome
How I reacted when my dad told me wrestling is fake.
High School Bloopers are Just as Good as the Pros
Why people like me don’t enjoy soccer
First game involving 2 ranked opponents...... first brawl of the season..... I love college football 
America's next hope, Melanie Oudin, does it again.  Comes from a 6-1 deficit in the first set to win in 3 sets over Nadia Petrova, breaking her at 5-3 in the 3rd.
Week One NFL Power Rankings
What's right/good about ESPN?
Paraguay 1 vs Argentina 0. Argentina are now in 5th place and in danger of not qualifying for the WC.
John Madden hired as special advisor to NFL commish Goodell
Michael Jordan does't join the hall of fame.
Nadal suffers a 6-2, 6-2, 6-2 beatdown from Juan Martin del Potro in the semifinals of the US Open.  del Potro reaches his first Slam final, preventing a Federer-Nadal final.
What can't Roger do? Federer in the final of the US Open.  Again.  In the last 18 Slams, Federer has reached 17 finals, winning 11.  Going for 16th Slam title.  And he hits a tweener passing shot!
Phillies dad a hit with parents all over - yes, he got another ball, and has a surprise gift waiting
Milton Bradley Doesn't Understand How His Knee Injury is Related to Baseball
My Take on the Vibram FiveFingers Running Shoes
Floyd Mayweather Jr. owes Juan Manual Marquez $600K after weighing two pounds overweight
Ah, the gals at Detroit Lions games seem so classy
The 1985 Bears Ruined My Saturday
At age 17, Bonnie Richardson won the Texas state track team championship all by herself. Then she did it again. 
Goalie caught trying to cheat by making his goal smaller.
Jennie Finch humiliates ESPN dork
MLB gives Topps exclusivity... I stopped collecting many years ago, but this really bothers me.
Jay Cutler: Winning Takes Care of Everything
No more Twitter for NBA players. New NBA social media guidelines ban Twitter use.
What are the best Fantasy Team names you've seen?
Woods first athlete to earn $1 billion
Let's go Yankees! - It's about time we win another World Series.
Golf and rugby sevens are expected to be confirmed as Olympic sports on Friday and included in the programme for the 2016 Games in Rio de Janeiro
Kyle Orton Is Shocking the World 
Dustin Byfuglien's Fashion Sense Matches His Game; Sloppy But Fun
Beckham: Milan move is '95 percent done' 
Nick Swisher Needs a Slump Buster, Pronto
Saints come back in a wild one. Show they're for real.
A look at the undefeated teams opponents records.
Letterman still has a job, so why did Steve Phillips get fired? - Ummm, maybe because besides cheating on his wife, Phillips sucked at his job.
Charles Barkley Wants to be a General Manager 
This is why I don't give a shit about the World Series.
Farve, deciding he's not hated enough in Green Bay, announces that the Vikings are the best team he's ever played for.
Packers fans finally getting closure - Wisconsin radio station having funeral for Brett Favre [video]
Yankees fans are a joke [W/ PIC]
Fatal Staples Center Collapse Brings Merciful Early End To Clippers Game | The Onion [vid]
Highlights of Cliff Lee Throwing 10 Strikeouts And Destroying The Yankees. Boy Does This Feel Good. [video]
Juan Pablo Montoya Tweets: Guess what I'm having for lunch.....TACOS!!!!!....and I'm serious about it!!!!
Video: Bat Delay During Kings vs Spurs Game, 31 Oct 2009. Manu Ginobili does an Ozzy (nearly)
Texas jumps Alabama in latest AP poll
Devastating hockey hit fractures rookie's skull (video)
Move over Plaxico! Vicente Padilla accidentally shot in leg, at least the update says it was his bodyguard not himself.
Will Jay Cutler Survive the Season? 
ESPN Poll: How do you feel about the Yankees? (love, hate, or neither)
The Ten Funniest NBA on TNT Commercials
Outrage over $9 million in federal stimulus funds to help multimillionaire owner of New England Patriots
END THIS FUCKING GAME
Warner, Cardinals shred Bears 41-21 
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar Reveals He Has Rare Form of Leukemia
Marcus Morris Dunks All Over Pitt State
NFL unlikely to discipline Oakland Raiders' Tom Cable — Pacman Jones and Michael Vick not available for comment.
USC drops to No. 22, 'Bama climbs to No. 2 in AP
40-yard dash 
Chargers find rhythm, vindication in win over Eagles
If LeBron James truly believes he can help the Cleveland Browns, coach Eric Mangini has an orange helmet waiting for him.
Thierry Henry's Hnadball allows France to advance to World Cup over Ireland
PETA Urges University of Georgia to Use 'Robot Bulldog' for Next Mascot
It’s Thanksgiving, Admit It, You Miss John Madden 
Brett Favre Miced - Just a big kid - No one knows how to have fun on a football field like Brett Favre.
Tiger Down
Downvote this if you think Tiger's wife might have caused those facial lacerations and not a cushy Escalade interior.
White Sox &amp; Ken Williams: Partying Like It's 1999 
Derek Jeter named SI's sportsman of the year -for his fortunate career and not being pinned to steroids (yet)
Was Deion the best Bobby Bowden-coached NFL player? Or was it that fat kicker that used to get into all kinds of trouble?
Audio: Tiger Woods Voicemail Message to Jaimee Grubb Released by US Weekly
Tiger's new Fraternity: Other Memorable Sports Scandals
Earnhardt: Danica will drive stock cars like shit
Nets get 1st win, end 18-game skid to open season - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
Tim Tebow Crying Over Football: A History Of Tears
House Panel Might Force College Football Playoffs
The Tim Tebow drinking game
Text messages between Tiger Woods and Jamie Grubbs...Wow
Dallas Cowboys' Jerry Jones is reportedly still interested in hosting the Pacquiao-Mayweather bout - ESPN Dallas
Bill Simmons: Tiger Woods mailbag - ESPN
Corey Brewer tells Derick Fisher to suck his dick. (image)
SI: Re-projecting the 2009 NFL first round based on season-to-date performances
The resemblance is uncanny
Matt Moore and Jonathan Stewart kick the Gunslinger and AD in the cunt.
Wondering about the NFL Playoff picture? Here's a simple Yahoo app that'll let you see how it shakes out.
Stafford to undergo surgery; rookie season over
YouTube - Stafon Johnson Relives Traumatic Accident
Gilbert Arenas admits he kept unloaded firearms in locker at Verizon Center
Ticket Categories, Match Prices for Football matches in 2010 South Africa World Cup - can a common man afford paying for these tickets?
2009 MMA Knockouts of the Year 
The football coach who never punts (not Bill Belichick)
Urban Meyer talks about his decision to resign
Sebastian Janikowski just kicked the fourth-longest field goal in the history of the NFL.
Chicago Bulls Will Fire Vinny Del Negro
E-mails in support of Mike Leach...
This is what the NBA is becoming and it sucks...
Two players suspended from Liberty Bowl after a fight over pie at the awards luncheon results in a table being flipped over
A proposed solution to the NFL's late-season 
dilemma (looking at you, Colts) - PFT
Intentional Foul » Are The Best Dunkers in Small Colleges?
Sources: Lane Kiffin to leave Tennessee Volunteers for USC Trojans job - ESPN
NFC Championship: Who do you want to see? I'd love to see the 2 old men battle it out. (Warner n Favre)
Mark McGwire admits is was really fucking fun hitting baseballs so far
Serena Williams [PIC]
After Making his Last 20 Field Goals, SD Kicker Nate Kaeding Misses 3 in a Row.  NY Jets Upset SD Chargers 17-14.
'May I Root Against the Saints?'
If you can't block the shot, this is evidently the next best thing... The shooter's face says it all.
The All-American Basketball Alliance announced in a news release Sunday evening that it intends to start its inaugural season in June 

Only players that are natural born United States citizens with both parents of Caucasian race are eligible to play in the league
Did Venus Williams Go Commando?
Brett Favre first publicly considered retirement when he was 27 - a look at his ongoing dance with retirement via headlines, 1997-2010
Too soon, Minnesota.
Striker Mutu in failed drugs test.... again.
Art Museums Make Super Bowl Bet
Louisiana's Senator Vitter to print WHO DAT say we can't print WHO DAT! t-shirts in a letter to the NFL commissioner
BCS under scrutiny from Obama administration.
Willie Mays, at 78, Decides to Tell His Story 
NFL Union Leader: Lockout next season is very likely
For all the lip service paid to clean living, America really doesn't give a fuck if its celebrity product endorsers cheat on their wives or gamble or smoke weed. Tiger Woods will be back soon enough, and Michael Jordan and Michael Phelps already are.
Demolition of Giants Stadium is now under way in Rutherford, New Jersey. The Giants and Jets will open a new stadium in 2010. [Vid]
Amazing Goal from more than 80 meters
I started watching the Super Bowl, now an episode of CSI has broken out at halftime...
Saints stop Manning, top Colts 31-17 in Super Bowl - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Tracy Porter: In the span of just three Sundays, the 
man has permanently blemished two of the 
greatest careers in football history. Do not cross 
him.
Saints' win in Super Bowl XLIV scores highest TV ratings since 1987
The 20 Hottest Female Athletes  &lt;slideshow&gt;
Female ski jumping frozen out of the Olympics despite jumping as far as the men.
After the first time I covered an NBA game, I didn't leave my apartment for a week and it took several months of counseling before I regained the necessary confidence to speak to a woman.
Olympic luger dies during training run; track already responsible for a dozen crashes
Hallelujah: a brief tribute to Nodar Kumaritashvili
Why Amare to the Cavs Must Happen
Dr. Bill Russell Puts Joakim Noah In His Place (Video)
Doc River's admits he's a hypocrite, talks about Cavs deal for Jamison.
The sport of Curling explained in 3 words.
Tiger Woods is nothing but a fucking robot
Why do so few Olympic snowboarders actually land their tricks?
United States Def Canada 5-3 in Ice Hockey
College football player gets kicked off University of Oregon team for saying on Facebook that he wishes he could block white people as friends
Top 10 NBA Trade Deadline Winners 
The most courageous performance of the Olympics
Team USA vs. Finland in Olympics semifinal discussion -- So far the United States is beating Finland 6-0 in the 1st Period. 
Canadian fans have carried Go North America signs to venues, cheered wildly when Americans were in medal contention and have started or joined in chants of U-S-A! U-S-A!
ESPN: NFL Considering Changing Overtime Rules For Playoffs
Canada wins gold in the Men's Hockey.  14 gold medals for Canada
Sen. Dikembe Mutombo Blocks Record Amount Of Legislation
LeBron James has filed paperwork with the NBA to change his uniform number to #6. 
Woman wins Superbowl of Bowling
Question for sports economists: How much is Ireland potentially losing by being robbed of a World Cup berth?
Has Bill Simmons lost his goddamn mind?
Could an MLB team use a pitching rotation similar to what they do in Spring Training in the regular season?
Arizona Cardinals trade WR Anquan Boldin to Baltimore Ravens [3rd + 4th for Boldin + 5th]
Michael Jordan is full of wisdom.
Rumor: Phillies to trade Howard for Pujols?
MLB: Albert Pujols for Ryan Howard, what do you think?
Cole Hamels did a video game ad.  Now, CC Sabathia has stepped in to mock the original ad. Gotta love sports rivalries.
OK Reddit NCAA Fans, Who's Gonna Win It All??
Sources: WR Bryant to work out for Cowboys
Unleashing the Dragon: Rex Grossman Is a Washington Redskin 
Tough SOB: BU Hockey player Max Nicastro received 26 stitches to sew up a cut on his wrist that severed an artery. He missed ONE FUCKING GAME and is playing in the semi-finals tonight.
St. Mary's beats Villanova 
11 over 3, 10 over 2, 9 over 1... Once your bracket is busted you must cheer for the underdogs.
What 3-man teams would YOU want to see in the new NBA Jam game?
Charles Barkley could not hold a candle to this man...
MLS strike avoided with new 5 year contract. Whew, glad I'll have my MLS next year.
Teemu Selänne scores his 600th goal in NHL, the 18th player to do so
Keeper scores from 70 meters out! -- amazing goal! [video]
Prosecutors seek jail for Arenas
Tebow's pre-Wonderlic prayer request falls flat
Every year for the past 26 years, the United States has faced off against New Zealand in rugby ... on the ice sheets of McMurdo Sound. 
Autistic Teen Picks First Two NCAA Rounds Perfectly
Rich Eisen races Terrence Cody in the 40-yard dash
Someone really does have a perfect bracket. A 17 year old autistic from Chicago.
RISE AND FIRE!  Gus Johnson highlights from Xavier vs. Kansas State 2010 NCAA Tournament game. [video]
See.  They call it March Madness because it's pretty much dominated by 10 or so teams.
Miami defeats Michigan in 2OT, to get into the Frozen Four: Miami vs Boston College, Winsconsin vs. RIT 
Days before Final Four, Oregon expected to offer Tom Izzo largest contract in college basketball.
Gus Johnson's best call yet....
Why do Duke basketball players generally do poorly in the NBA?
Happy April Fools Day - SportsCenter look back at some of the best pranks in sports
Is this the best fielding play for a pitcher ever?
Reason to go to Twins Games- You only get a warning at Target Field if you smoke weed
Opening day at Miller Park-Too much for my brother
Butler reminded me tonight of everything that I grew up loving about the game of basketball.
Our Fading National Pastime - Fidel Castro is right. Japan and Korea now field better baseball teams than America does
Don't tell Kobe Bryant what he can't do [video]
This is not about Tiger Woods. It's about Billy Payne. And Augusta National: STFU
Ndamukong Suh on Sports Science, Hardest hit ever recorded
It's Official: God hates the Detroit Lions... :(
The 10 most intimidating athletes in the world 
Mets &amp; Cardinals scoreless thru 18 innings.
The KG suspending elbow could have easily been a chest push if the other player wasn't 6'6 to KG's 6'11. After watching him not react to all goading 3 pushes and 1 pull…
Ever Wonder How Trading Great NFL Players for Draft Picks Turns Out? Here are the outcomes for 10 famous trades.
Mike Shanahan is laying down the law: Redskins players will run extra laps if they double park or park their cars in handicapped spaces 
2010 NFL Draft (Live in ~30 min!)
 Cricket ball throw killed umpire
A MLS Supporter Section in action
Where Are They Now? High School Kids Immortalized By Sports Illustrated
Roberto Luongo Robs Smyth. Save of the Playoffs!
Shaq from high school. Prepare to be amazed at the talent he had. 
With the Blue Jays playing to their smallest crowds in decades, is baseball dead in Canada?
Epic fail at MLS (soccer) game. This guy should just retire. 
Football : Liverpool   2 - 1   Atletico Madrid (agg 2 - 2)
The Story of Tim Tebow
Not a great start for the Jets. this could end badly!
I will not watch a single NBA game in the 2010-2011 season if Shaq wins another title. Upvote if you're with me. 
DEA investigates alleged New Orleans Saints cover up of stolen prescription Vicodin pills
Roethlisberger's Promise To Change
A former college roommate of mine recently did a really interesting cover story for a Philly news paper on MMA and his travels within. I hope Reddit enjoys reading it as much as I did.
Giants Great Lawrence Taylor arreste for rape inside a New York Holiday Inn
What do you guys think of Bill Simmons?
Cleveland Indians Announcer Epic Rant
CHELSEA wins Premier League Title 8-0, Drogba wins Golden Boot w/ hat-trick
Dallas Braden is currently pitching a perfect game against the Rays (through 8 IP)
Dallas Braden has thrown a perfect game. (the 19th in major league history)  
Sox vs TOR: Dale Scott's strike zone in detail 
NBA Free Agent predictions
Where will King James go?
Pacquiao willing to take random dope test
That's it. I'm calling it. Screw jinx and however the fuck you spell that. I am now 100% assured of it. The new home for the Stanley Cup will be Chicago for 2010.
Even Picasso is a Blackhawks fan!
Man admits to vomiting on 11 year old girl...wait, what??
Ask sports.reddit: I'm researching the loudest [permitted] noisemakers to bring into an NFL stadium. Any advice?
The Ultimate World Cup 2010 Spreadsheet has been completed (after weeks of nonstop work in Australia and Canada)
Jordan statue outside United Center decked out in Blackhawks jersey/helmet...that is all.
Troll Kobe
If you haven't seen it yet, tonight at 8pm on Yes Network there is an episode of Centerstage where Kay interviews Mike Tyson. It's simply the most bizarre interview I've ever seen. Has anyone else seen it yet?
Blown Call Robs Armando Galarraga Of Perfect Game 
John Wooden dies at the age of 99
Flyers
Least likely players that won a ring.
Which one do you think is the biggest douche?
NBA Finals Wifey Showdown: Lakers Wives vs Celtics Wives... Who ya got?
Solo Sailor Abby Sunderland Reportedly Lost At Sea
Baseball Fan Catches a Ball in His Beer, Then Chugs It 
hey reddit, anyone else not gonna watch any world cup soccer?
USC Trojans juniors, seniors can transfer without sitting
I just watched the game and felt like I was inside a beehive. Vuvuzelas are going to ruin this World Cup
Texas, Texas Tech, Oklahoma, OK State headed to Pac 10
Oldie but goodie - Steven Gerrard gets pwn3d by a kid.  GO USA!!
England scores in the 4th minute.
Undrafted prospect Daniel Nava hits a grand slam with his first swing in the Major League.
Soccer is a sport for bads.
Does anyone else get the feeling that the steroid era is over?
Bad news for the Bengals, Jesus says so. 
Is Kobe Bryant officiating Game 6?
Switzerland Produced the Biggest Shock of World Cup 2010 by Beating Spain 1-0
Lakers vs Celtics Game 7: who ya got?
Lakers win it! 2010 Champs. Kobe Bean Bryant 1 away from tying with Jordan
Serbia Beats Germany 1-0
French team refuses to practice over Nicolas Anelka expulsion; Team director resigns
Am I a bad person for laughing?
Raja Bell thinks teams cleared cap space for him? 
Marlins regret handing out vuvuzela to fans
Screw you, Marlins, for attempting to ruin baseball by bringing the goddamn vuvuzella to American shores.
NBA Draft Predictions?
Why World Cup Soccer Sucks
Former dog-fighting associate of Mike Vick shot at Vicks' birthday party at Va. Beach club.
Honest question to USA fans: Why are you riding on Donovan?
Score?
Football World Cup - Germany vs England
At least England can no longer claim the stolen goal caused them to lose today.
I love espn3.com 

that's all.  i've watched so many worldcup games at work.  this month has been so delightful.  
FSU to Retire #10 Jersey In Honor of Derrick Brooks (Q&amp;A Interview of his fondest memories from his days in Tallanasty)
Scottie Pippen in Tears After Winning $2 million Verdict
FLOPPING,DIVING,Play acting and other BITCHASSNESS that needs to be removed from sport NOW!
Brazil Knocked out of the World Cup by the Netherlands! 
The man has a point. [pic]
Chestnut eats 54 hot dogs to keep title
Dwyane Wade, Chris Bosh Will Be In Miami, According To Report
Tired Gay succumbs to Dix in 200 meters
| Reuters
LeBron James will choose Miami Heat tonight, Newsday reports | 						
Diddy Tweets That Lebron Has Just Signed with the Knicks!
It really is a beautiful thing to see a top athlete, days before he signs a contract, announcing that he is willing to take less money than they were intending to pay him. Almost unheard of in this age of spoiled multimillionaire prima donnas.
I'd like to send a personal 'Fuck you to ESPN for hugging onto Lebron's ass through this whole process
I can't believe LeBron is leaving all this behind to go to sunny Miami. (Video)
LeBron James's Ego
LeBron James headed to the Miami Heat (w/ video of his announcement)
A study in hypocrisy: America’s reaction to LeBron
Why is everyone surprised someone who gives him self the name King would act like a douche? 
Highlighting the differences between LeBron and past basketball greats.
Rangers acquire Cliff Lee from M's for Justin Smoak + 3 Minor-Leaguers
best sportscenter play by play
LeBron's mural coming down in Cleveland
Did you hear about the new LeBron-edition iPhone coming out?
Yankee Announcer Bob Voice of God Sheppard Dies 
Jesse Jackson defends LeBron from Dan slave owner Gilbert
Matt Taibbi: The Five Funniest Things About the LeBron James: Global Superdouche Broadcast
The Netherlands may not have won the world cup but this might still bring a smile to their fans faces. [Pic]
Sorry if you think soccer sucks. But nobody cares what you think
George Steinbrenner has Died 
Cavaliers owner Gilbert fined $100,000 for his comments in letter to fans regarding James
I know this is getting old, but The Old Spice Man has a personal response to the Chicago Blackhawks.
Crazy Soccer Fans - Holigan Fan Celebrating
So the NFL and the NBA expect to have a strike after their upcoming seasons.
Joe Rogan is the man.  Great Ice disaster.
Top 10 Madden Game Covers
Jimmie Johnson's Brickyard 400 helmet. Really cool artwork showing the history of the race
Lewis Hamilton was awarded the prestigious Lorenzo Bandini trophy in the small northern Italian town of Brisighella at the weekend.
All 32 NFL teams on Forbes' list of the 50 most valuable sports franchises.
Glenn Beck calls Bears' Urlacher a neo-Nazi
Cleveland Browns, quarterback Colt McCoy agree to four-year contract as camps open
Laker and NBA fans:  If Bynum (+ Walton or other random contracts) were traded for CP3+Okafor, do you think this would improve the Lakers?
Bill Cowher's wife Kaye has died at the age of 54
A View From the Inside: Why LeBron Meant Everything. An explanation of Cleveland's reaction to his decision to leave.
Really cool interactive Free Agency tracker
NY Giants Subreddit ! Big Blue Fans and Haters Unite
Sports Top 12 Packs, twice as good as your average 6-pack
MLB, trying to keep postseason within October, sets 2011 opening day to Friday, April 1
The 25 Most Hated Teams in Sports History
Is this a Zionist plot to take over the NBA?
The keys to making it to the NFL for this player: school, homework, training, go home, shower, sleep. ... and have parents who were on the China national olympic team.
Kiffin wants USC to play Tenn in the 2011 Chick-Fil-A Kick Off game.
I can't do 1 pull-up, can I still do this program?
YouTube - Fan is ejected because he's wearing a Lebron Heat Jersey in Cleveland
At least Mike Vanderjagt was not this stupid.
Hell of a punch right?  Wait until the replay (Boxing)
TIL Randy Johnson threw 1417 Ks and won 4 Cy Young awards in his first 4 seasons in Arizona (beginning when he was 37).
This made me laugh: Tiger seeks Jack's guidance on eve of PGA Championship [image]
Indian Pole Gymnastics 
Major League Baseball umpires miss 20 percent of close calls, according to Outside The Lines survey - ESPN
Welcome to the NFL, Mr. Bradford
No Ocho?
Jensen Kimmitt used some awesome tricks to win the 2010 Yo-Yo World Champion [Video]
50 worst sporting uniforms of all time
From Mike and Mike in the Morning.... Here comes Jesus, or why you never cuss out the opposition
Report: Still 12,000 More Games Left In 2010 Baseball Season
Fantasy Football: 10 great sleeper options (2 QBs, 5 RBs, 3 WRs)
MLB grants Reds and Pete Rose permission to celebrate 25th anniversary of his breaking the all-time hits record on the field in Cincinnati
Okay Reddit. It has almost been 10 years. Music City Miracle. 
Cleveland Indians pitcher does it doggie style. (SFW)
Michael Jordan's Son Marcus Likes to Rap
Roger Clemens pleads not guilty to six felony counts of lying to Congress about steroid use
Miami Dolphins search for $50K diamond earring during practice.
Jeff Francoeur Is Headed To The Texas Rangers
Think Joakim Noah dresses funny?  Wait til you see his golfing outfit. [pic]
Gotta  Love OchoCinco For This
To honor the kickoff of football season, what about this for the reddit logo? 
10 unnecessary things that every QB does
Perfect Power Rankings: Those Bo-Sox Are Really Getting The Short End Of The Stick
Pure Michigan: U of M Football
Padres Relieved To Finally Be Playing Down To Pre-Season Expectations
Floyd Mayweather Jr. Arrested for Grand Larceny
Want to talk college football? Join us in IRC at irc.freenode.net #redditcfb - /r/cfb
If you think that Calvin Johnson had a touchdown taken away from him, you are football stupid.
We're all happy the NFL season is finally here. Always remember: George Carlin - Football vs. Baseball
Umm, WTF are Adam Wainwright and Skip Schumaker of the Cardinals going here? Seriously...WTF?
An Intellectual's Defense of Football 
NBA veteran Shaquille O'Neal faces allegations that he hacked into a computer and destroyed email evidence in an attempt to frame a former employee
It was the whole reason I tried out....I wanted to tackle Brutus.  FTW

I know it's women's soccer.  And I realize it's in Japanese.  But the announcer is pretty awesome.
Miami (FL) Hurricanes vs. Pittsburgh Panthers - Recap - September 23, 2010 - ESPN
Rough 3rd down for Alex Smith...
Washington Redskins DT Albert Haynesworth says contract doesn't make him 'slave' - ESPN
Did Roy Williams always do that silly longhorn touchdown celebration or is it new?
As both a football and rugby fanatic...
Gameover.
Dez Bryant Paid Over $54,000 for a Team Dinner! What's the Most That You've Ever Paid For a Meal?
Dear Cubs, Thank You.  Signed, a Braves Fan. 
Sooo.... Texas Sucks.
Remember when everyone called Mark Sanchez the next Matt Leinart after week 1? Well, he now has three straight wins and a higher passer rating than Brees and Rivers.
It is stuff like this, Clemson... [Facebook Link]
All of Jose Bautista's 54 home runs [video]
Wade strains hamstring, leaves preseason opener
The best comment on the Deadspin Favre story is...
Stay Awesome Phillies Fans!!!
Everybody poops, even world-class athletes
Seahawks ship WR Branch back to Pats for fourth-round pick
Lance Armstrong … juiced?
Farve Passes for his 500th TD!
Wow...even Justin Bieber is making fun of Tom Brady's hair.
Awful news: one of college basketball's best players tears same ACL he tore last year, will miss all of 2010-11 season.
I see your Pierre Garcon reception and raise you an Aaron Fransisco interception, to ice the game.
This montage of the Cowboys' 2010 comedy of errors is outstanding. They suck.
Cody Ross backwards = Sorry Doc
Except for those living in Texas and California, is anyone excited about a Rangers-Giants World Series?
Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson has sensationally revealed that striker Wayne Rooney wants to leave the club
Seriously, fuck Yankees fans. Just because your team lost doesn't mean you get to hate on baseball.
Dear NFL, your black referee outfits look like pajamas. That is all.
Top 100 Sports Bloggers on Twitter — The crew at www.ballhyped.com spent the past week combing through its favorite blogs and Twitter lists to come up with the Top 100 Sports Bloggers on Twitter.
Baseball Stat
A-Rod finally leads the Rangers to the World Series
Do you think Favre should have stayed retired? Who do you think regrets it more... him or the Vikings?
I couldn't say no to Justin Bieber - yet another reason to hate the Lakers
This pretty much sums up the NBA season opener
Cavs do what Heat couldn't.
Cavs 95 - Boston 87.  One way to beat the Celtics : 
Not having a quitter on your roster.
Now I remember why I stopped being a Rangers fan 13 years ago. 
Philosiraptor on the first week of the NBA season...
The USA Ultimate frisbee men's championship is being streamed live @ 11:30am est.  Might be a fun watch.
LeBron, just go away.
Buffalo and Kansas City in overtime.  CBS ends coverage because of NFL rules
Suddenly, the Patriots have the best record in the NFL. Are they the best team?
Randy Moss waived by Minnesota Vikings
Wow, Donovan McNabb must be worse than we thought
Does anyone else think Boise State should be #1? Is there anything we can do to help? 
The kicker of the longest field goal in NFL history has no toes on his kicking foot
If you need a quick chuckle... (animated GIF)
Here's the crazy reason MSNBC benched Olbermann: To seem like it has higher standards than FOX News
Chris Berman sucks ass 
Can we have a weekend where the Sunday night and Monday night games do NOT have the shitty Cowboys or Vikings?
ESPN burns Yankees
AL Gold Glove Winners announced: Ichiro ties OF record with 10th AL Gold Glove; Jeter wins his 5th; Cano, Crawford and Gutierrez win their first. 
Auburn should have bought a secondary instead of a Quarterback
How long will it be until football becomes like boxing, a sport that marginalized itself by the horrors of the slurred speech and broken motor systems of a generation of champions?
Well... this QB controversy is settled.
If Ben Roethlisberger can throw for 15 yards in the rest of this game....  
Oldtime weightlifter, before people knew much about it.
Hockey news no one cares about:  Islanders fire coach after 10 game losing streak.
This will not end well. (Northwestern v Illinois)
Are the Redskins fucking kidding me?
WOW! 35-0 and only 1 play into the 2nd quarter?!
Terrible, sad: Southern Miss linebacker Martez Smith is paralyzed from the waist down as a result of a weekend shooting
Comedian Bill Burr bringing New York sports fans down a couple of notches.
Male field hockey player dominates an almost all female field hockey league. Fair or foul? 
Michael Vick is the man
Huge dunk. Full head above the rim.
Arsenal stunned by Tottenham fightback
A look at the Patriots 2012 uniforms...
NYJ VS HOU - This is what I love about football!
Brady scandal!
Well, we've officially found the best seat in Jerry Jones' $1 billion stadium.
Andrea Bargnani, deadly from the outside.
KG:  You ever wash your sheets and then go outside and hang them out, and the sun dries them? You ever smell the sheets?  That's what Shaq is like.  .....okay
Mike Leach is suing ESPN for their coverage of the Adam James incident.
err, did I really just see a CBS Sports producer photoshop themselves into a Thanksgiving day shout out to their own family?
Black Eyed Peas to play Superbowl halftime show this year...damn...
No blood, no foul. 12 stiches for Obama during pickup basketball game
NFL Players Will Start Wearing Impact-Sensors Next Fall (Will this be the end of great football?)
Does anyone else hate Chris Collinsworth, etc's commentary? Well, here is the solution.
Rex Ryan says he shares a lot with Tom Brady, his supermodel wife for example.
I don't understand people who hate on the NBA...
Qatar's FIFA World Cup Stadiums: makes me a little less sad that the US lost.
The only reason I watch Around the Horn is so I can watch Pardon the Interruption come on right after.
When asked if he would be watching James' much-anticipated return to Cleveland, Bulls All-Star point guard Derrick Rose responded this way.

Probably not, Rose said. I've got my second season of 'Dexter' so I'm good.
 Welcome to Qatar 2022: World Cup held in one city, entirely indoors, uncomfortable for women, Jews, gays, by a country that didn't make it out of regional Group play. But hey, maybe it'll seem great after Russia 2018.
ESPN mistakenly lists LeBron as a Cavalier in their fantasy column today.  Whoops.
LeBron James Herp Derp
Racism Alive and Swell in NFL
Want to talk about the TWO big games today? Join us at irc.freenode.net #redditcfb on IRC.
Please tell me this article is a clever satire.
DAE Think the Cowboys were sandbagging the first half of the season?
I need a new college football team
NFL head shots that are OK
That's right. Sylvester Stallone was just inducted into the real Boxing Hall of Fame for pretending to be the greatest white boxer of all-time.
Desperate Measures – Peyton Manning’s Frantic Quest to Save the Colts’ Season
2 Questions: Do you like Skip Bayless? and do you think he's gay? 
Yankees crap their collective pants as Sox sign Crawford to 7-year deal. The game's afoot. 
Report: Jim Gray Paid $500,000 For LeBron's The Decision
Heavy snowfall collapses the roof of the Metrodome in Minneapolis. Damn.
Detroit will finally host a Monday Night Football game!
Canadian Redditors... GSP is a credit to your race
TIL it's Dwyane Wade, not Dwayne Wade.. Guess I've been saying it wrong all along.
Chicago Bears are getting Murdered by the Patriots right now 24-0 in the first half...Why did I think the Bears had a chance? :( 
Top 5 NFL teams according to my friend, who is a female
An important message about the evolution of courtside reporters
Dolphins players respond to the tripping incident. Starring Karlos Dansby as Hank Hill.
Cliff Lee shuns Yankees and Rangers and returns to Philadelphia!  Best starting rotation in baseball ever?
'A Roundtable of Iron Men' – And a Tip of the Cap to the Greatest Iron Man of Them All [hint: it ain't Favre]
another college football team considering colored (non-green) turf
These guys just wanted to remind everybody who the current World Champions are.
Highschool Basketball player freaks out, attempts to body slam ref. (Starts freaking out at 1:20 in the video)
Detroit Lions rookie Ndamukong Suh is currently the top DT in Pro Bowl voting
LA Laker Derek Fisher 1 vs 4 Celtics in the 2010 NBA Finals. Fish for All-Star 2011!!!
Tebow to start vs Raiders
A high school student has been charged with sexual assault for executing a wrestling move...during wrestling practice. 
Devin Hester sets all-time NFL kick return for TD record with 14th touchdown
10 Years Worth of NFL Power Rankings: I Challenge You to Find a More Depressing Chart
Normally I hate FOX News, but, this shows that deep down there is a fan in all of us...
Magical Turnaround Mojo: Seahawks, Cardinals, now the Chiefs
A Polish mom's confused view of American football.  It does look like one...
NFL apparently unaware of location of Pro Bowl
For the first time ever I am in agreement with PETA...PETA  and other react to Obamas praise for Vick
Disc golfers unite. Where u play? Whats your favorite disc?
Is that what we have to look forward to this bowl season?
Hi Reddit. I finally won my first fantasy football championship in a league my friends and I have done for years. Um, I was happy.
This is the year...
Pitt Fires Haywood!  Good Move, Staying Classy
I'm watching the Rose Bowl game AND I also want to watch the half-time show (go Badgers!)
Tuesday night football delivers for NBC and may give NFL something to think about (ugh)
UFC 125: Brandon Vera's Smashed Nose
Greatest signature moves in the NBA
In the bathroom at the 2011 NHL Winter Classic [NSFW]
ESPN Fires Ron Franklin for forgetting that it's not the sixties and you can't call your female co-workers either sweet baby or asshole.
Doing Soccer keepy ups in heels is impressive - Especially if you are this hot!
LMAO Before the last game was even played, Georgia Bulldogs gave all their seniors plaques with their record listed as 7-6. They subsequently lost to Central Florida in the bowl game, and all the plaques had to be taken back so they can be corrected.
Fastest K.O ever : Chris Clements vs Lautaro Tucas
Damnit China, Yao is not an all-star this year
Why the NBA is not what it used to be
New York Jets defeat Indianapolis Colts. 17-16 on Nick Folk game winning Field Goal.
DAE hate this guy?
Folk Hero
Peyton Manning: We won we won we won we won!!
Look, I’ve made mistakes myself, I believe fervently in second chances,... but Michael Vick should be EXECUTED after that game ending interception.
It's official Auburn has won the National Championship by a last second field goal.
Auburn Wins BCS National Championship on a field goal, beats Oregon 22-19
World's Fastest Golfer 
Jets' Cromartie rips Brady, Patriots - cornerback ripped Tom Brady in an R-rated tirade and claimed to hate the Patriots quarterback
TIL the BCS 'Ship/AZ Cardinals stadium is named, in fact, as a reference to the online diploma mill
Karma's a B****
9 out of 10 ESPN experts pick the Bears over Seahawks on Sunday..... The same 9 out of 10 that picked against the Seahawks last weekend
Blake Griffin's dunk attempts are so ferocious that even when he misses, its fun to watch.  
The Pack ices Matty
DAE hate when SportsCenter tells you what is about to happen just before it happens?
Terrelle Pryor has symptoms of the LeBron James virus that's going around..
Michael Jordan's coffee table
We're just a couple wins away...
Attn: Bears fans...
Jets' Revis tells Pats' Branch to take loss 'like a man'
Does Blake Griffin deserve to be an MVP candidate?
New Orleans newspaper's typo of Pats-Jets game.  Editing cuts into Drinking time
Green Bay Newspaper Can't Spell Chicago
The Onion: Sick Little Phillies Fan Fulfills Dream Of Heckling David Wright [video]
Great SPOOF Video of Favre in the Lebron Commercial.... 
NFL apologizes to the New York Jets for officiating mistakes sending the Pittsburgh Steelers to Super Bowl XLV
I knew Roethlisberger was a dog, but this is ridiculous...  
Craziest Bowling Match Ever - Pro Shoots 100 on National TV while opponent goes for 300 - ESPN Video
Who else is turning on the Joe Buck mute?
B.J. Raji making an interception
Mark Sanchez picks his nose
Anyone else catch Mendenhall showing a little extra 
love to Roethlisberger at the end of the Jets/
Steelers game?
I live in PA and I want the Steelers to get their ass handed to them. Anyone else in my position?
For all the NBA haters who say these guys aren't trying, take a good look at Blake Griffin....
Lauren wanted the Bears to win.
Being an NFL fan is like this: Before the season starts, you pick one of 32 wagons, and you handcuff yourself to the axel. At the start, they’re all lined up evenly. After the first kickoff, each one hurtles towards a cliff, and you can do nothing to change its path.
Al Davis??? Is he really still alive?
The Duke Bench Is Sad, Possibly Possessed
Tiger Woods shows actual human traits like a sense of humor with funny fo shizzle tweet
Chad Ochocinco of Cincinnati Bengals says he's changing last name to Johnson 
A man's ego and machismo was once used to protect his family and freedom; now it's used to tout batting averages and box scores. Enough with the bread and circuses. Men should stop obsessing over sports and instead focus on principles. What does it mean to be a real man in today's world?
Class Act: “When I signed my contract, my main goal was to earn it.” Royals Pitcher Gil Meche Retires, Tossing Away $12 Million Guaranteed
DAE think its sad that just because an athlete is really good at their sport, we can forgive them for crimes such as rape?
The Confessions Of A Former Adolescent Puck Tease
Sanctions at Alabama cover all major sports and will expire in June 2012 (extending the record for 17 years upon being penalized in 1995). The football team has been the most severely penalized program in the FBS (formerly Division I) over the past 25 years.
Packers fan? Don't have your baby in Pittsburgh or else they'll be wrapped in one of those ugly Terrible Towels.
Texas is preparing for the arrival of Ben Roethlisberger
US seize domains of live sports streaming sites
Was Bill Simmons the worst thing that ever happened to Rick Reilly's career?
Charles Barkley Starts His Own Blog
To be honest, I don't know if the clippers are...
how is a womens basketball shot #1 on espn top plays?
Top Five Reasons to Watch UFC 126 This Weekend
70 foot ally-oop
If football wasn't invented in America would Americans still care about it? Would baseball replace it?
How to step up your game in facebook poker to win more facebook chips
Michael Vick’s triumphant return to the NFL was capped with Comeback Player of the Year 
She held brave for about 9 or 10 seconds
DAE think this is the worst Super Bowl halftime show of recent memory?
Steelers have the ball with 1:59 left. Start driving. Joe Buck and Troy Aikman make the moment sound so insignificant. I absolutely hate their announcing abilities.
Needless to say Greg Jennings put the team on his back
The Green Bay Packers win Super Bowl XLV
This reminds me of what Troy Aikman sounds like as a commentator. 
How to improve the Super Bowl and American football
In case you were wondering how Clay Matthews feels about his new piece of jewelry... 
Blake Griffin is 6'10, 250 pounds, and still has a 40 inch vertical. How did that happen?
The correct answer is India vs. Pakistan (cricket). And I don't even care about cricket.
UConn QB showing off his skills in a trickshot video.  I wonder how many takes the last one took...
Little did Biggie know... in Detroit, you can sling crack rock ANNNNDD have a wicked jump shot. 
PAC-12 filed a claim with the World Intellectual Property Organization for rights to the domain name pac12.com which is currently owned by a fan of Tupac Shakur
Nice work by Dan Shanoff: How the Brett-Favre-could-be-on-Dancing-with-the-Stars rumor went from nothing to mainstream and then back to nothing.
Jerry Sloan :(
Tiger Woods fined by European Tour for spitting
Yet another Half-court Alley-oop for Blake Griffin...
Can an American please explain tail-gating? Are there any other fan culture traditions?
Baseball is starting...
Too soon?
You will misread this headline
Iowa wrestler defaults rather than face girl in state tournament
Random dude [from /funny]
Blake Griffin jumps over a car
Praying to god won a 20 yr old a race
Kobe Bryant is, The Black Mamba. Directed by Robert Rodriguez.
Metrodome ranked worst NFL stadium
dude...
Birdair only bidder for Metrodome repair
Philly teen a legitimate phenom ... but is he the next LeBron?
#7 BYU and #4 SDSU separated by 3 points at halftime. Those aren't initials I ever thought I'd be putting single digits in front of - at the end of February, no less - for college basketball. 
Amare, has it ever occurred to you that you play next to these guys every game?
Anyone notice how sparse the crowd was in Miami vs. the Knicks?  Hell, even the Cavs have more real fans show up to see the home team lose to to the 76ers. 
Must be a slow sports day if ESPN has this on the front page.
How big is football in other countries? After seeing that Japan football video I'm imressed.
Radio host says a tape exists that implicates Cam Newton in pay-for-play scheme 
Best Buzzer Beater Ever? (VIDEO)
Some of the Best Sports News Conferences of All Time
BYU hoops star was not booted for having pre-marital sex. He was booted from team because he got caught
I work for ESPN - AMA! (xpost from AMA)
Orlando Magic overcome 24 point deficit to beat the Miami Heat!
The United States of Baseball
Man, I hate sportsnation.
Why Don't NBA MVPs Win Championships
High school basketball player dies shortly after scoring the game winning shot.
5 Reasons the Maple Leafs Won't Be in the Playoffs
YouTube - Ron Artest Runs Into Fan (spills coffee all over a guy in the front row texting)
Are Winnipeg’s NHL prayers about to be answered? 
Would I make a good NFL owner?
Blake Griffin flies in the air stretching back with one hand and slams down in slo-motion.
Why do Sonics fans always feel the need to complain any time the Thunder get mentioned?
For those of you who missed the refs screw Rutgers from an opportunity to beat St. John's  
The e-mails Jim Tressel sent to his attorney about lying to the NCAA. He probably just gave Ohio State the death penalty. And of course ESPN isn't on this.
Double-standard in the NCAA
Why is American football such a easy sell as a tv sport in America but such a difficult sell everywhere else? 
How about some love for the other Huskies?
Twitter is awesome. Louisville player Mike Marra misses game tying free throw and botches inbounds pass. Becomes trending topic due to how horrible he and his tattoos are.
Top Seeds: Ohio State, Kansas, Duke and Pitt.
u just never knw! They did pearl harbor so u can't expect anything less. -Cappy Pondexter, NY Liberty
Would anyone else love to see Watson fill out an NCAA bracket? 
Check out the reaction of the Butler Head Coach Brad Stevens after they beat Pittsburgh. Priceless.
Ever since the Internets started I've been looking for a clear and informative online NCAA bracket. CBS seems to have done it. As a designer/college basketball fan this works on all levels.
Why do they even ask shit like this?
UConn Coach says fans aren't coming to women's basketball games because they're spoiled from winning so much. I think he's missing the point by a mile...
Dallas Cowboys' Dez Bryant dropped trow at a mall, not long before Bryan McCann was arrested for being drunk. Stay classy Dallas.
I know MJ has always been a bit of an asshole, but this just further proves it.
Thats an awesome sports illustrated cover. Is it not? If you are that photo blow it up, frame and show to your grand kids one day!
The biggest lie for guys like Barry Bonds and Roger Clemens is they didn't need drugs to stay great
Dog Sledding season. Terrific pics!
Reporting from Columbus
[Ohio] Did anyone else feel inexplicably prepared for the Ohio State loss last night because they lived through the 1997 Cleveland Indians?
Can anyone argue after this run that Kemba Walker isn't the player of the year?
Zidane doing what he does best, destroying a goalie.
India. Pakistan. Cricket. The most important sporting event we'll watch all year. 
Crazy high school hockey fight.  Broken jaw and concussions involved.
ESPN OTL: Why You Should Care About Cricket
Y U MAD, UTAH?
Messi scores 2 goals with one shot
how i feel about opening day. [FIXED]
People in Butler star's hometown pitch in to send his family to Houston for the Final Four.
VCU to Play-In again for Final Four
The Curious Case of Sidd Finch: The Mets Pitcher in 1985 that pitched 168 MPH fastballs
Alex Rodriguez will make $32 million this year, that's just $4 million less than the entire Royals payroll...
Stay classy VCU
Steroids help too
How to tell if your wife is cheating on you
Really ESPN? Cleaned up well, perhaps? 
Insane fans! Τhis has never happened before inside a basketball arena.
Even Kanye isn't impressed
LeBron James in deal with Fenway Sports. The deal will give James a minority stake in the soccer club Liverpool. 
The Red sox new scoreboard is set up to look like the old one. They're waiting till the stands fill up on opening day, and then they have a show planned.
Norm Macdonald is doing a simulcast commentary of the Masters. This is going to be amazing.
The NFL realizes they are telling their fans they are prepared for a lockout right?  $475 for a draft package?  Ridiculous
Alec Baldwin and John Krasinski in Yankees vs Red Sox, New Era Cap commercial [x-post from r/baseball]
Ever wonder what it feels like to be married to Tommy Lasorda?  Sure ya have!
Every Bulls team that has had 60 or more wins has won the NBA Finals.
Tom Brady gets emotional when discussing Pia being voted off of American Idol (hilarious, well done)
Andrew Bynum goes down yet again
Dwyane Wade was just as good as, or better than, Derrick Rose this season if you look at the numbers.
Kobe gets fined for cursing at refs using racial slur. But seriously, $100K??!?
MLB Batter Intro Songs Leave So Much To Be Desired, They're all Wasting an Epic Opportunity. Here are the Top 5 Songs I would Use if I was a MLB player Stepping up to the Plate
So, is JeMarcus Russell the biggest draft bust in history?
To follow up on the Dear ESPN about Barca vs Real Madrid: Here is an article showing how tv ratings in the US for international soccer are taking off
From the front page of ESPN.com.  Was this really the best picture they could find?
Sandals and dress slacks...bitches love sandals and dress slacks
Fútbol Can Be A Dangerous Sport
Jim Larranga leaves George Mason for Miami job.
Mascot, Brian Wilson, Cody Ross, and Keenan Cahill sing Dynamite
Before Manny became Manny
The new Madden cover will be revealed within the hour... 
If I see another Jeremiah Weed commercial on ESPN, I'm going to fucking lose it.
It's about damn time
What does soccer have to change in order to become accepted among mainstream Americans?
WTF ESPN. I am not paying for rumors. 
Richmond Golf Club – 1940 Rules
Football has won, Barcelona is in the finals! Real goes back to Madrid [video]
Just checking. We all agree that a no-hitter is the most impressive sports feat right?
As a Mavs fan for all these years... there are no words. Mavs Sweep rage.
This is really getting out of hand. Too soon!
AHHH NO MORE CHEAP SHOTS PLEASE!!!
Lakers bringing it back to 80's bball. Shit like this infuriates me.
An Open Letter to Kobe Nation
Heat win in 5 Games, goes on to face the winner of the Chicago/Atlanta series.
Being a 'Mavs' fan in Cleveland...cant wait for a possible finals with the 'Heat' =)
Football is everywhere in Europe, everywhere where the hearts still beats, everywhere where the people still breathe. Seemingly, as long as the Earth turns and man lives, football will be a major source of entertainment


A well-written takedown of Grantland.com and Bill Simmons
K.C. Chiefs Become First Professional Sports Team to Announce It's Gay
Barea's play defies his size
Why baseball sucks
Anyone else see the resemblance? 
Suh-WEET! KD madness. These photos are good for adrenaline rushes every single time.
George Hincapie Tells Feds Lance Armstrong Used PEDs
A Raider's Tackle named Murder Killingfield performed ACL surgery on himself using only a sledgehammer, a welding torch, miniature pickaxe, fishing line, rubber bands and staples.
Suspect in Dodger Stadium beating of Bryan Stow is in custody
NBA Fines Joakim Noah $50k for Gay Slur
I hate Lebron and the Heat. I hope someone will photoshop this picture.
Man, the NFL just loves to pick on the Steelers, don't they?
Miami is getting ready to celebrate! 
This is how you show love even after your team loses in 5.
THIS is what being a student athlete is all about. 
Is Dallas the only city to ever host Superbowl, World Series and NBA Finals in a 12-month span?
Jordan
Pippen: Lebron may be best to ever play the game
Stephen A. Smith freaks out on Skip Bayless
I never knew ESPN had its own page on Wikipedia devoted just to criticism of it.
Live link to college ultimate national championships, Carleton vs. U. Wisconsin. Game will likely be going on until this link is 2-3 hours old. 
Yesterdays game...$70 seats...and a Yankees victory. 
Here is Sports Illustrated's investigative report on Jim Tressel and Ohio State football.
Michael Strahan explains to America how football and soccer are different during Champions League Final: DEA feel insulted by this?
Tressel holds back tears as he resigns amid NCAA violation troubles
What are the differences between the American sports culture and the European sports culture?
C'mon baby...
D-Whistle at the end of Game 2
Dirkalypse Now
This sports writer is a douche
What has to be one of the most epic taunts in the history of sports
VIDEO: Tim Thomas 'Multitasks,' Takes Out Henrik Sedin With Body Check
How Big 3 Have Carried Princess James So Far
What are some of the most uncomprehensible sports out there?
Gilbert Arenas Rejoined Twitter A Week Ago. He's Already Been Fined By The NBA
These last 2 games have been as much lost by the 
Heat as won by the Mavericks. On that note... go 
Dallas!!!
Miami shows how classy they are right before they go out and lose.
Pat friggin' Riley
Why Do People Hate LeBron James??
If you've seen the new website, Grantland,  by Bill Simmons, then this should be interesting to you.
Does anyone else notice something odd about this picture of Lebron James?
Even he's laughing at LeBron right now
Dirk right after the finals clock hits zero
Mavericks Win...
Do you guys really think Lebron is a bigger villain than this guy??
I was hoping the Heat would win... just so the front page of /r/sports would be slightly less embarrassing.
Is it just because I'm from Dallas, or did Breen, Jackson, and especially van Gundy really suck at announcing the NBA finals?
How LeBron Broke the Golden Rule of Sports
The lockout has driven the ESPN NFL team into complete boredom. Look at their latest article...
Tennis star Andy Murray's snarky double-trick shot on Tsonga
What is the coolest nickname for any athlete in any sport? 
Vancouver keepin' it classy
Conn Smythe mis-awarded
This guy proves that USA would dominate soccer if our black guys didn't consider it a girly sissy rich white guy sport
What happens to all that Heat and Canuck championship apparel now?
How big is the comic book/NBA-nerd overlap? Parallels btw Shaq's career and Smallville tv series
Why does Neil Everett always say She's a beauty that number 9 during the Top 10 plays on Sportscenter?
Ohio State in clear over car purchases
Awesome Natural Standing Wave -- Surfing Standing Waves at the Waimea River (with Videos)
Gilbert Arenas on Baseball
Funniest Sports Video I've Seen in a Long Time.  [Motorcycle Racing]
What's the sport hierchy today - most important/relevant to least relevant?
Ron Artest Changing Legal Name To ‘Metta World Peace’
I DONT CARE ABOUT THE STUPID RANGERS MY BEST FRIEND JUST DIED...I HOPE YOU STRIKE OUT!!!!!!!!!!1
Michigan recruit has a shitty hand dealt to him, by his father.
The Women's World Cup. The tournament we've all been waiting for! 
Darnell Dockett tweets during police stop
Golllllllllll. That is all.
Sportsit, I've built myself a custom bag toss set for my 26th birthday today. How'd I do? (x-post from /r/hockey)
Cheap   Women’s Converse® Mountainaire Trailhiker Oxford
Could an American sports style lockout occur in the English Premier League?
Ohio Woman Suing Kobe Bryant for Breach of Marriage Proposal....WTF?
There had to be a better picture...
bombing some sick hills
The most controversial Hot Dog Eating Contest of all time
Brett Favre may be returning?
Crazy goal from Darlington Nagbe of the Portland Timbers
Cowherd today said he would take Jeter over Musial. I'm a Yankee fan but I'm afraid we have lost sight of just how great Stan the Man really was
Love him or hate him as Derek Jeter marches to 3,000 hits you know what got him here? Greatness. That's what.
If women didn't already know this happens all the time then they will now
This guy might be the Red Sox's second most valuable player this season, behind Adrian Gonzalez
LeBron playing bump at his summer camp. Dunks on and destroys on of his campers
Gilbert Arenas planks a truck while going through a carwash (pic)
He's an overpaid, old, and putting up the lowest numbers of his career
NBA draft coverage used to be pretty awful - just check out Divac's second weakness from when the Lakers drafted him in 1989.
Politics in sports. Anti-American soccer ref does all she can to help Brazilian team at the World Cup.
NBA: Trade 'em or keep 'em? Dwight Howard, Chris Paul, Steve Nash, Kevin Garnett
What do NFL players do on lockout? Make a movie about it (starring Ray Lewis, Steve Smith, Shawne Merriman, Marshall Faulk)
Kenny Powers New K-Swiss Ad Is Fucking Hilarious
A unique idea for NHL realignment
while Hope Solo certainly deserves the attention, it's about time we showed some love for Alex Morgan
Worst opening to an awards show ever!
ESPY's question...
Bill Simmons offers the answers to solving the NBA lockout  - Grantland
Judge declares mistrial in Roger Clemens perjury case
How I view people who are against the DH in the NL
Guys, let Rory McIlroy help you win back your lady
Anyone want to a life-sized wall decal of Dan Gilbert's bow-tied son?
LGBT in school: 'I lost a lot of my friends' - CNN.com
GOOAALL! USA1-Japan0
This Finals game is so thrilling. I'm feeling a tidal wave of emotion. 
Japan win the soccer women's World Cup Final and become the 1st Asian team to do so. USA miss 3 penalties. Thoughts?
LeBron to Japan - Tomorrow you will have the same life and same personal problems you had today
Deciding a soccer match with penalty kicks is like deciding an NFL game with a field goal contest.  It makes no sense.
Take it like a man - Male Soccer Players More Likely to Fake Injury
Every heterosexual male is either Car Guy or Sports Guy. Which one are you?
In wake of Yao's retirement, should we retire his rage face as well?
Would you pay $20 for a piece of the old HHH Metrodome roof??
Winnipeg Jets Reveal New Logo For Their NHL Return
Whodathunkit: Jay Cutler and Kristin Cavallari engagement called off
I don't find the lockout ending to be that exciting. Nothing of significance was missed.
Is it just me or does Kevin Mawae, the NFLPA President, look JUST like a fatter Kurt Warner? (pics for comparison inside)
The 100 Most Overrated Athletes of All Time
Weirdest Alex Ovechkin Offseason Photos Ever?
White Sox trade Edwin Jackson, Mark Teahan to Toronto for a 2 month rental on a reliever and a pitching prospect.  I think this is the White Sox folding their cards for this season.
The picture says it all (x-post from /r/baseball)
Lochte beats Phelps again in the 200 IM in WR time
Source: Klinsmann to be named U.S. coach
No more all blue uniforms for Boise State for home games, anymore... AWESOME!
Does anyone know where to buy jerseys super cheap?
Red Sox GM Theo Epstein continues his trend of replacing injured pitchers with pitchers with injury problems
Hot tennis player takes wrong turn at Albuquerque
I think MSNBC needs to find a new baseball writer.
Kids Face Meets Hardcourt
Just like the Simpson's, Alabama uses Iron bowl tickets to get deadbeats to show up for unpaid child support warrants.
Does anyone else think there should be a ESPN Philly site? 
Redsox 10-2 vs Yankees this season
ESPN Page 2: Which City is Sports Capital of the World – Boston or Philly?
Rockies up and coming pitcher, Juan Nicasio, is expected to make a full recovery. He took his first steps since breaking his neck last weekend. 
Football Porn 
Fantastic animator finds success with his soccer animations, looking to do American sports as well.
MLS and NBC Sports Announce New TV Deal
Can't tell if serious....
Tiger Woods 3 under through 5 holes. Finishes 7 OVER!
One of the classiest send-offs of all time
Really, reddit?
We had good guys, by and large, Childress said, (but Moss) walked in the locker room and vomited on it.
Most popular sports teams rated by social network following
College Football vs NFL, which do you prefer and why?
Scumbag Simmons
Chicago Bulls @ L.A. Lakers 1998 Kobe vs Jordan (full game) 
Never mess with a wrestler.
Guess which one broke his leg on the play.
Triple plays are pretty awesome. Milwaukee Brewers turn a 4-6-2. 
Texas A&amp;M's Gmail Inbox
What is your biggest reason for loving baseball?
Indian's manager Manny Acta collects $35,000 from players so that teammate Hannahan can see his son's premature birth. 
How does r/sports feel about universities paying student athletes an additional cost of attendance for playing sports?
Can any Americans help me understand college sports?
Georgetown's men's basketball team gets into on the court, bench-clearing brawl with a Chinese team....in China.  Link in article to pictures of brawl.
Does anyone actually give a shit about what happens to Terrelle Pryor?
IBF Referee Ignores Constant Nut Punching During Boxing Title Bout
Top 10 sports uniform and logo myths broken down
We've just witnessed a goal that would wake up a catatonic!
Drury retires after 12 seasons in NHL 
ESPN's 2011 Bowl Projections...what's yours redditors?
Cricket player gets hit in the face while bowling. You can see his tooth fly out. [NSFL]
The NFL is turning into a bunch of pussies getting butt-hurt over big hits 
Insane skating. That is all.
The Colts already know that Manning will be ready for the regular season
Braves fan rakes in a foul ball like a boss
Why is there so much LLWS on ESPN?
Daaaaa Bears
It's that time of year again!
NBC Buys 1980s Wrestling Drama Pilot From Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson

Audio of caller to Les Miles' radio show asking if QB Jordan Jefferson (who's accused of kicking a bar patron in the head) will be moved to punter
ESPN, this is NOT sports news
What if Tom Brady were black?
Dude, that's an earthquake. ... I've been in two — that's an earthquake. ... This is what an earthquake is, guys.
20 Biggest Pro Athlete Investment Fails
FBI continues search for Wizards guard Javaris Crittenton
Michael Vick signs 6 year, $100 million contract with eagles
PETA's official response to Vick's new $100 million contract...
So how many wins is a baseball player worth to a team? (long discussion)
Michigan State QB Kirk Cousins gives a fantastic speech on the privilege of being a college football player, and the accompanying responsibility.
Ducks chOke again!  Hey, it's what they are good at!
r/Sports: I present to you, the long-lost cousin of the pitching-face.
Do you want to beta test an iPhone app to track your gym workouts? Looking for people who hit the gym at least twice a week (private beta) 
The Big 12
RUGBY WORLD CUP CANNOT WAIT!!!
Nailing Men
Randall Cobb 108 Yard Kickoff Return for TD Vs. Saints
Detroit could have both the Lions and Tigers in 
postseason this year.
Michigan vs. Notre Dame Highlights. What a game. 
Oklahoma to the PAC12, Oklahoma State not far behind
(x-post from /r/gaming)  Michael Vick, Pokemon Master
Gators Move Up To No. 16 In AP Poll  
England rugby team not involved in 'dwarf-throwing' contest at World Cup, says bar owner - just more British tabloid bull
Hahaha..Ohio State loses to Miami...
I don't care what he's done, I paid 80 fucking bucks for this jersey and I'm gonna wear it when I want to!
Did ESPN just have a full segment about twitter...
Due to contractual obligations, fuck the NFL and CBS.
Manchester United 3-1 Chelsea
Bills rally to beat Raiders 38-35
This afternoon Cam Newton set the record for the most passing yards by a QB (rookie or not) in the first two weeks. A few hours later, Tom Brady broke Cam's record.
Larry Merchant to Mayweather I wish I was 50 years younger and I'd kick your ass!
NY Giants Michael Boley celebrating a defensive TD 
on MNF
Troll Dad watches TV (Please let this get through the spam filter &lt;3) (x-post from fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu
I think I found the person behind the college sports conference changes.
25 worst athlete rappers of all time
Endurance swimmer Diana Nyad pressed on Saturday, her pace a little slower after a rough night of painful Portuguese Man o' War stings but still making progress around a quarter of the way to Florida.
Unable to overcome man 'o war stings, Nyad quits Cuba-to-Florida swim 
Steelers defeat Indianapolis  23-20
Flyers player Wayne Simmonds had a banana thrown at him from the stands in racist incident in Canada.
New sub-reddit for betting on Sports- r/sportbetting
I'm confused as to how Mike Vick is a top-QB in the NFL, when he seemingly can't healthy and on the field. 
Eligibility of UConn recruit Andre Drummond in doubt
Hank Williams is no longer ready for some football
Pat Tillman tribute featured on Jason LaBarbera’s stunning mask - Puck Daddy  - NHL Blog - Yahoo! Sports
Just a reminder that *your* NBA lockout may only be temporary.
Favre the Gunslinger is more mudslinger in his remarks about Packers' Rodgers...basically Favre is Dick 

Hank Jr.'s real offense was that effing song
MILWAUKEE BREWERS IN THE NLCS!!!
If only the rest of Minnesota's teams were as clutch as these ladies... Congrats Lynx!
Raiders to honor Al Davis
Hank Williams Jr. Keep the Change. His Response to Fox News and ESPN 
Taking two for the team.  
16 Bit Red Sox Club House 
Dear ESPN: Are you fucking kidding me? This is news?
Saturday Prem round up – Liverpool and Man Utd draw, Man City crush poor Villa, Wins for Norwich, Stoke &amp; Bolton
I was trying to watch a highlight on NFL.com and instead got a livestream of the Bengals game...
Hey Detroit fans...
You guys have probably all seen Revis' 100-yard TD return... but watch carefully at the 10-second mark.
Thoughts on why American football isn't globally popular.
Check out the new Miami Marlins logo
Apparently this is news, I hate Notre Dame so fucking much
Pick your NFL team, for those who do not know who to root for.
NCAA FB Playoff Proposal. This is a conversation starter crafted by my uncle that proposes a College Football Playoff System.
Just a Pujols question...
Tim Tebow.....Never Forget
Why does ESPN have a section of their site for Los Angeles but not the Bay Area?
That wasn't even a punch! (@ Ravens ejection)
porn star says she seduced baseball players for an agent
This gif almost made me spill my drink this morning
An Open Letter to My Dearest Davey Stern -or- How I Will Spend My November Without the NBA
How long will take for a professional athlete to get a 1billion contract?
Freese Celebrating as He Meets His Teammates at the Plate
NBA - Kevin Durant earns title of Lockout MVP thanks to viral videos - ESPN
First a game-winning drive and now God hits a HR in Game 6. 
Congrats Cardinals
Josh Hamilton: where's your God now?!
Most hilarious touchdown ever?
I know he plays for the Nets but how is this a top story on ESPN?  Who the fuck cares?
Guy gets hit and ends up with the other teams helmet on his head?!
Gotta love the Chargers defense...
Conclusion Of MLB Season Fails To Tie Up Several Loose Ends 
I hate Around the Horn, but this tribute to Goodfellas by Tony Reali is pretty cool.
Well, the Dolphins Just Fucked Themselves
Kids get raped by coach, lets talk about the important things like how it will impact recruiting. 
Which scandal goes higher? The amount of women Tiger slept with, or the amount of kids Sandusky slept with?
If a woman who goes after younger men is called a cougar...then what's a man that goes after young men called? 
Wilson Ramos has been kidnapped in his native Venezuela
Penn State's New Logo
Penn State students are really embarrassing themselves right now.
Let's have a serious discussion here guys; Should Penn State get the death penalty?
At 11.11 am today 11.11.11 - South Africa were chasing 236 to win...
need 111 to win !!
Penn State Touchdown Towel
The End of Paterno - a writer grapples with horror and defensiveness at the calls to arrest Paterno.
Brace yourselves, Happy Valley
Maryland's uniforms tonight (inspired by the state flag) are awesome
UFC fight
16-year old Canadian teenager killed by puck to the neck in My city of Edmonton. R.I.P Kyle :(
Tebow Walks
I'm going to church this Sunday
Kirk Herbstreit's (far right) reaction is classic!!
BREAKING NEWS: OU SUCKS A BAG OF CRUSTY DICKS!!!!
Gotta love college football!
Just in case you forget...
Tony Stewart wins 2011 NASCAR Sprint Cup
The Art of the Self Pass: NBA vs. NHL, Slater vs. Kobe. Which is better?
Beckham is a BRO now. U mad bro?
The ultimate Good Guy Greg Halman.
NBA lockout idea
I don't know why, but this shocked and amused me. Rajun Cajun coaching staff.
The world's worst national football team finally win after 17 years, Congrats to American Samoa!
'CUZ WE BLEED ORANGE AND BLUE
Tebow.  Just.  Doesn't.  Stop.  Winning.
Wayne Gretsky has more points by assist than any other player has points from goals and assists combined. (x-post from r/TIL)
This guy would be better off playing soccer.
Drunk Fan, very funny
Howard likely to pull another Shaq on Magic
Urban Meyer, Tim Tebow and Other Random Thoughts on the World of Sports
When Tweeting Backfires
Kristin Cavallari Has Finally Accepted Jay Cutler's Second Offer Of Marriage
Former Brazil World Cup captain Socrates, regarded as one of the greatest players of his generation, has died in hospital at the age of 57. 
Tiger Woods wins Chevron World Challenge. First win in over 2 years.  
Just gonna get me some LSU gear for the big game...WAIT A SECOND!!
Stephen A Smith is the Funniest Man on ESPN
These are the kind of BULLSHIT penalties that need to be removed from all sports . . . . .
Archie: Peyton-Luck Duo in Indy Not Good (Father Knows Best? Did the Same w/Younger Jughead Eli When Bolts Were Set to Draft)
Pujols’ move to Angels is a blow to the gut, but Cardinal Nation will recover
Brandon Roy of Portland Trail Blazers to retire due to knees.
Watch out offensive line. I think that linebacker is a badass.
Tebow's success due to production and protection, not magic
Top 25 in New - We get it, Tebow.
Why is it that other countries can't seem to produce Marshall Lynch or Lebron James caliber athletes? I mean from a purely athletic (power-size-speed) perspective?
To all those complaining about the incessant Tim Tebow coverage on ESPN....
DAE wish espn would just ignore this?  we're all sick of hearing about this guy...
[PIC Request] Marshawn Lynch showered in Skittles
Week 15 Pickups
The Most Unique Tradition in College Basketball? Sure
tebow conspiracy 
What are the chances the new NBC 24/7 sports network will dethrone ESPN?
Bears’ Sam Hurd arrested on federal cocaine charges 
Long Island High school athletes suspended for Tebowing
Sports World Problems: Why can't I watch ESPN, NFL Network, or any other sportscast without CONSTANT mention of Tim fucking Tebow? We get it already for fucks sake.
Petition to readers and moderators of /r/sports to remove non-sports related rants and content.
A refreshing take on the Tim Tebow band wagon.  Mark Schlereth
So I just removed ESPN from my channel list
There Will Be Teblood: Gloria Patri-ots, et Filio, et Spiritui Sancto Edition
Troy Aikman - He of the had he have, could have ran, and if he would have
Goodbye 0-16, hello 1-15
Does anyone actually care?
Pro basketball players are statistically more likely to attempt a 3-pointer after they make one. And they are more likely to miss the second if they made the first.
Yu Darvish Going To Texas, Not The Blue Jays
Georgia Bulldogs' Mark Richt paid staff from own pocket, report says - ESPN
I'd just like to point out that SportsCenter's Facebook poll tonight on the Bulls' next five years wasn't whether they would, but how many.
Italian olden soccer
Not sure if impressed or just embarrassed...
Mark Sanchez &amp; Kate Upton? They Might Be Dating or They’re Just Friends 
Stephen A. Smith rips Kwame Brown a new one. 
Santa, all I want for Christmas is... football?
amazing trick play
California teen Jordan Romero becomes youngest to climb seven tallest mountains on Earth's seven continents
Santa Heckles Lebron James.
Deadspin discovers identity of Packers Ex-boyfriend cheating girl, spreads her Facebook profile around, and girl proceeds to delete it due to death threats
5087! Drew Brees breaks Marino's record
Top 10 UK Scuba Diving Locations
Former Jazz shot-blocker Greg Ostertag begins comeback attempt in the D-League. Hopefully he still represents '00'
High school football highlight video
Washington high school basketball gets physical and ugly - Highland at Connell
Quitter tells kids not to drop out : Lebron James to star in a 'stay in school' ad.
Who to hate more, the Yankees or Dallas Cowboys?
Yahoo really shortens the NBA season. Teams have already Clinched Playoff Spot.
Congratulation New York Giants for winning the NFC East. Now fuck off.
Anyone else notice this during the Outback Bowl? 
The face I would most like to punch
Absolutely fascinating, I never knew... Bike sprint race
Michigan Kicker Brendan Gibbons Was Thinking About “Brunette Girls” Before Sugar Bowl Winning Kick  
Found this program from a WWE event I attended in 2002. Classic
Darren Sharper putting the team on his back. 
Today, Michael Clarke made 300 runs. Currently on 319, he has nearly made half the number of runs Babe Ruth made in his life-time, in a single innings.
N.C. paper says that Baron Davis is out with a herniated dick.
Zambrano It Was Time For You To Go
Weather Gets Social...!
The Ultimate Packer's fan Hall of Fame! Help a true fan win and defeat a band wagon wannabe. You could win a paid for trip!
Is the Hawks/Miami Heat Game one of the worst of all time? Triple OT! In the words of Charles Barkley  are you kidding me?!
Weight Watchers spokesman Charles Barkley calls it a scam during Hawks-Heat game tonight. Oops.
NBA Game Preview: Pacers @ Celtics... Larry Legend bring his Pacers back to Beantown
Sami Salo used to chase the puck deep down in the zone, but then he took a Marchand to the knee.
there is something profound about this picture, but i can't quite say why
Greatest cricket catch ever? 
Reminder:  The Five Rules to the Tim Tebow Drinking Game
Josh McDaniels troll face after Tebow to Thomas wins the game
Did Michelle Beadle Tell Aaron Rodgers, I Just Wanna Get Fucked After The ESPYs? ESPN Wants To Know
Thierry Henry returns for Arsenal
Canada freestyle skier Sarah Burke in coma after crash
What If Tim Tebow Were Gay? Your Hypothetical Tebow Questions, Answered
My friend has recently started a sporting website, it is highly informative, please check it out
Tebow peanut 
Sarah Burke, Freestyle Skiing Champion, in Coma
Sports agent Leigh Steinberg, the inspiration for Jerry Maguire, files for bankruptcy
Football Vs Handegg
I'm not saying it's fastballs...
I'm here with Texas' Derek Holland at the Mavericks game. Derek, How do you explain the Rangers collapse in the World Series?
How Seven Nation Army by the White Stripes became a sports stadium anthem
Congrats to Tim Tebow 
Lesean McCoy Highlights
That Tom Brady is no Tim Tebow
The Problem With Tim Tebow
Baylor men's bball no longer undefeated, lose to KU 92-74
When giving up isn't an option... Extreme Girls Hurdling
San Fran Police to Dress As Giants Fans to Eye Unruly Spectators
Rowdy fans face ouster from the NFC Championship game.
HALF
College football coaching legend Joe Paterno near death.
Onward State editor steps down over false JoePa death report
Billy Cundiff
Remember when the Cowboys only had to win 2 games to wrap up the NFC East? Good times.
One of ESPN's better poll questions
Let's have a serious discusdion about Joe Pa's legacy...
Yankee all-star, Jorge Posada, to announce retirement tomorrow at Yankee Stadium.
My reaction to the Tim Thomas controversy going on 
Yes. This. Just. Happened......How's your mind? Blown?
Highlights from the US Women's 3-0 win against Costa Rica, qualifying them for the London Olympics [VIDEO]
Shaun White gets perfect score in X Games 2012 super pipre
Crazy fact. The Maple Leafs and Toronto Raptors are majority owned by the Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan
One does not simply beat skyrim
Blake Griffin's monster dunk over Kendrick Perkins. 
A Man In Minnesota Could Face DWI Charges After Crashing A Zamboni Into The Boards
Dan Rafael: Mayweather says he is fighting Miguel Cotto on May 5
FirstRow sports is DOWN!
Lebron particularly loves the All-Star game because he doesn't have to play in the 4th quarter.
Lance Armstrong 'gratified' after feds drop PEDs investigation
Don't forget about the big game today...
Mario Manningham's drop and catch in the 4th Quarter
You may not believe me, but my cats predicted the Superbowl score.
Every morning after.
Jimmer in the NBA
subzero.
New Meme - LeBron's Fault
Luis Suárez, Fresh Off Ban For Being Racist, Refuses To Shake Hand Of Guy To Whom He Was Racist [Video]
Can we invent a sport?
The last two minutes of the game that was the inspiration for the movie Hoosiers
Jeremy Lin hits game-winning 3 as Knicks top Raptors
Breaking News: ESPN to make people pay for news on Jeremy Lin
AMA request: Super Lintendo himself. Jeremy Lin
Not your typical NCAA basketball player. Maryland Terp Jonathan Thomas currently holds a 3.8 GPA in.....Mechanical Engineering.
As a Chinese American Catholic, this is where I draw the line on Jeremy Lin
Outdoor Hockey
Kid steals ball then tosses an oop to himself off backboard
Blake Griffin Jordanisque?
Australia easily beaten by Sri Lanka in a match affected by rain 
Stephen Curry is a Warrior
Jeremy Lin Fail
This pic deserves a clever caption. What say you?
Ridiculous alley-oop dunk in high school game
Red Wings Pavel Datsyuk for the WIN!
-took this at the game on Friday
Obstacle Ball
My Face When I picked up J.R. Smith (x-post from r/fantasybball)
What causes violence among sports fans? Tell us at Al Jazeera and we could feature your comment on air.
The Year of Magical Stinking: An Oral History of Tebow Time
Way to go ESPN... Don't know if this has been posted yet, sorry if it has.
Not sure why we do this....
This is 49 seconds of fail
Can this please be the end of LINSANITY
Linsanity is over forever. The time has come …TO BURN HIM! BURN THE UPSTART! THIS IS AMERICA, JEREMY, WE CREATED YOU AND NOW WE WILL DESTROY YOU! THAT PEDESTAL YOU SEE BENEATH YOU DOUBLES AS A FUNERAL PYRE! WE ARE THE FICKLE PRINCES OF THE UNITED 50, AND WE SHALL NOT SPARE YOU THE FLAMES!
Geek vs. Sports
You guys like my softball team's new logo...
MMA Fighter Shows Off His ‘Chest’ 
Patrick crashes in Nationwide race
Christian Publisher Zondervan to Release Jeremy Lin Bio 'Linspired'
50 Funny Fantasy Baseball Team Names 
Jeremy Lin expected to raise $15 million in ticket and merch sales this season
Terrell Owens Faces Foreclosure: Two Dallas Condos To Be Auctioned Next Month
New Jersey Nets coach Avery Johnson -- Mark Cuban, Dallas Mavericks could steal Deron Williams 
Phelps
If you know how Hines Ward is...
Asian American Journalist Association has to tell the sports media how not to be racist.   
Hipster Obama on Jeremy Lin (xpost from AdviceAnimals)
Best $125,000.00 spent...
The real reason 2pac was killed...
(he picked the wrong team to support...)
Gardner-Webb vs. Florida Underhanded Pitching FAIL
Star-to-Be Who Never Was: The Story of Lenny Cooke

Way to go Dude; Lenny Dykstra sentenced to 3 years in CA jail.
Serious hang time..
I wonder who that someone else could be...
How can you dislike Peyton Manning? He's a charismatic, class-act.
Suck it, Indy
A case for rewriting high school record books to include black athletes during Jim Crow
Chiefs have already offered Peyton Manning a contract
Arena League Football players go on strike hours before last night's season opener. Both teams mostly used replacement players selected in a draft before the game, leaving NFL Network announcers without rosters and some players switching sides just before the game started.
The Economics of the Redskins Terrible Draft Trade
Congrats MIZZOU: BigXII Champions in final year in the conference 
As a casual NASCAR fan, what should get me really exited about it?
50 most painful pictures in sports. They get bad. 
Wanna find out who is the best coach alive! Check out my blog and read all about it! 
The 2012 Student Athlete Bracket — combines win % + grad %  (x-post from r/CollegeBasketball)
Major props to Norfolk State
Bracket buster! (x-post from r/funny)
How I feel about my brackets after waking up today...
Report: Humans Have Evolved To Point Where They No Longer Hear Dick Vitale
Fabrice Muamba, Fabrice Muamba great write up for a great player, praying for you Muamba
THIS IS MARCH MADNESS!
Arena Football Team Cut's Entire Team During Pre-Game Meal
Peyton Manning picks Denver Broncos - ESPN
Video: Danilo Gallinari fires the fastest behind-the-back pass we’ve seen in a while | Ball Don't Lie - Yahoo! Sports
Out of 6.45 million brackets in the Tournament Challenge, just THREE have all Sweet 16 teams correct. Standing O for those three.

Thank you r/sports for helping Sidelines!
Muamba poceo da prica!
This kid reminds me of Tebow...lack of over athletic ability
Fabrice Muamba breathing without ventilator, no longer critical - ESPN
St. Louis Cardinals' Lance Berkman says Bud Selig 'extorted' Houston Astros into AL move - ESPN
APOEL, the first team from Cyprus to make to the Champions League quarterfinals. Chance to put Cyprus on the map and CNN fucks it up.
Tebow traded to Jets
The NFL has closed investigation into the Redskins' alleged bounty system under Gregg Williams, having found no evidence
Why does the NBA play music in the middle of games?  
Most entertaining thing about a Toronto Raptors game. Their cool 3d court illusion 
2014 World Cup: Will They Serve Beer At The Games? Some Brazilian Legislators Say No Way
Joba Chamberlain suffers open dislocation of ankle. Potentially career threatening.
Press Release - Boycott Super Bowl 47
Hulk Hogan Vs Stone Cold Steve Austin; Why the Dream Match Never Happened - Yahoo! Sports
TIL Chris Paul once scored 61pts in high school to honor his Grandfather who was murdered (he was 61)
Before It's News - 2013 Superbowl Boycott Planned
Worst Vertical Ever 
Why Can't Roger Goodell Go One Day Without Lying? - Deadspin
Magic Johnson Buys Dodgers: Reasons Why Fans Have A Right to Rejoice
I don't know anything about sports, my college presentation now requires me to. Help!
Anyone else forget how abysmal the play was in 2011 NCAA Finals?
Chris Chase is an idiot...
Effective Heckling
Player scores 113 points in a FIBA Asia game
Interesting tattoo I spotted on my way home from a Bruins game last night
Justin Blackmon mock draft, 1975
2 Awesome Blake Griffin Dunks over Gasol Last Night 
Running the Shotgun... in basketball
In the longest opening-day game in major league history, J.P. Arencibia's three-run homer in the 16th inning sent the Toronto Blue Jays to a 7-4 win over the Cleveland Indians
Saints coach tells players to target heads and ankles
Nolan Ryan and Robin Ventura meet for first time since '93 brawl
Bubba Watsons speech after receiving the green jacket. What a guy.
As an American soccer fan, this makes me so proud!
I WANT TO BELIEVE!
Just saw a clip of this on SportsCenter randomly. Pretty classy move.
Pretty much my entire newsfeed tonight as NHL playoffs begin.
Scumbag Cuban Community
Ian Eagle's on-air meltdown during last night's Nets game when he accuses Mike Fratello of being patronizing, spewing gobbeldygook (video)
Trent Richardson takes a cancer survivor and Alabama fan to her senior prom
Oh, so this is why Kobe wants Derek Fisher back next year...
Michael Jordan: It's not Crazy, It's Sports
Detroit Fans, Who is your Duo?
When your girlfriend surprises you. 
WTF?  It's amazing how quick Dwight has shattered his name in a few months.  What a train wreck. 
Martin Brodeur most post season shutouts of all time...OF ALL TIME!
So, Terry Bradshaw can apparently use a computer
Tens of thousands of anti-government protesters flood major highway in Bahrain, demanding halt to Formula 1 race
LA Kings eliminate Vancouver Canucks (2-1 in OT) in 5 games.
The biggest sports in the world in terms of revenue
Defense: he's doing it right
Metta World Peace suspended 7 games for elbow to James Harden's head
Ocho Cinco seems to be getting into a debate over the existence of God on his Twitter feed...
NBA blew chance to send message in suspension of Lakers' Metta World Peace
Now taking bets for the How does Calvin Johnson get hurt next year pool.
One of these things is not like the others...
Report: Detroit outfielder Delmon Young arrested for hate-crime assault after yelling anti-Semitic epithets and then shoving a guy to the ground.
once his moneys gone, so is she. Scumbag rangers fans
Baskettroll
Rondo getting tricksy
Danny Granger travels: Chris Duhon celebrates
Why do baseball players freak out so much over a win when compared to a sport like football, where the win means more; the football players don't celebrate nearly as much on the field after a win?
15 Classic Movies Starring Ken Griffey Jr.
Swim world champ from Norway, 26, dies in Arizona
Ok, this shit has got to stop.
Jeremy Lin Jersey in Fruit Roll-ups
Hitler reacting to Derrick Rose ACL injury. 
Chris Bosh just had a baby!!
Sergio's opinion on LeBron's dive
I always find it awkwardly funny when a home crowd wears opposing teams colors.
Where are all the Heat Haters now? Sorry Knickerwhackers
The Force is strong with this one.
Need help getting info.  Bo Jackson Two Star Bo plaque that I got from a grandparent. What is it/worth
Frank McCourt will still be making money off the Dodgers. The new Dodger ownership group has agreed to pay an annual rental of $14 million for use of the Dodger Stadium parking lots. 
I guess the NFL paid a visit to the Seau household.
Justin Bieber just walked out with Floyd Mayweather for the introductions..
Junior Seau's Brain Will Be Donated to Science
Hot damn!  This guy got an invite to NFL camp!
Let's start a funny team names thread. Here is my contribution: Semen FC
Minnesota House approves $975M plan for the Vikings' new stadium. It would have the Vikings cover $427M, the state takes $398M, and Minneapolis-- $150M. A similar bill moves to the State Senate today.
TIL - How to Make 4-Point Shots like the Harlem Globetrotters
Merril Hoge, what the hell are you doing?
Trick-play pickoff move to end baseball game
Professional Frisbee is more interesting to watch than soccer/football
True story
MLB close to eliminating first-and-third pick-off ploy for pitchers.
Denver Nuggets center Chris Birdman Andersen's home is the target of an ongoing investigation in a suspected Internet criminal case
TIL: College Football Players Seem to Jump out of Windows a Lot. (List of deaths of active college players)
Carroll Shelby, creator of the Shelby Cobra, GT40 and an iconic member of the American racing scene, dies at 89.
On June 12th, 1970, a pitcher by the name of Doc Ellis pitched a no-hitter... while on LSD.
Everyone falls asleep at the free throw line
Miguel Angel Cotto is not finished yet
r/sports, what is your best Sports Trivia?
Ricky Rubio makes a backward shot from a chair...
Euro 2012 Championship
Son, if you want people to listen to you, wear a white suit. - Colonel Sanders. Frank Deford's Quest to Bring Humor and Grace to Sportswriting.
Pacquiao vs Mayweather...do you think it will ever happen?
6 Charts Explaining the NBA Playoffs
He may be a good football player, but his grasp of proper English when speaking just shows how uneducated and thuggish some athletes that kids idolize really are - TB Bucs LeGarrette Blount was recently quoted as saying ...Don't nobody affect my carries but me... 
Top 100 NFL players
Floyd Mayweather -- I Support Gay Marriage ... Unlike Manny Pacquiao
High five?
I'll Have Another runs down Bodemeister in the Preakness to keep Triple Crown hopes alive
The Connection between Lawrence Taylor's $230 K Super Bowl Ring and Baseball's Steroid Sluggers
Don't worry guys! I got this...
Joe Flacco's Google headshot...(xpost from r/nfl)
Spoelstra made my fouls really mad. He seriously pissed them off. 
Another foul on Wilt?  You got it.
At least he can play basketball
Lebron James of the FUTURE
During the game in which the Hail Mary Pass earned its name; a Vikings fan protested the scoring play by knocking out the referee with a whiskey bottle.  Also, Fran Tarkenton's father died of a heart attack while watching the game.
New Jersey governor challenges the federal ban on 
sports betting.
Ashley Judd just won the Indy 500 for the third time!
STAPLES Center Sports-ageddon Conversion - L.A. KINGS to LAKERS to CLIPPERS
Field level view of the USA vs. Scotland friendly last weekend
Michigan State the lone major school to send teams to all 'big four' NCAA postseasons
2012 French Open — Serena Williams Loses in First Round
As a Rockets fan, this is what I think about when I hear we have a 1.81% chance of getting a top 3 pick in the NBA Draft tonight.
Even if they win, we'll have this forever
Is there really a legitimate reason the NBA Lottery is not done in view of the public?
Epic NBA promo
David Stern right now.
Wally, you're a crazy and stupid bastard.
Rodgers Joins Liver pool 
deadly goal celebrations
Indianapolis 13-year-old has two fathers and an Olympics dream | Indianapolis Star
Don't forget to watch Celtics vs. Heat tonight!!
Fan wants to join Johan's celebration
Does anybody know who the worst/least productive athlete that has had M-V-P chanted to them?
Question about Colin Cowherd.
Bosh set to come back for game 5 vs celtics
Dodgers aren't panicking yet. 
Reddit, Jerry Kramer is the only member of the NFL's 50th Anniversary team not in the Hall of Fame. Let's help him get there!
Why the hell is the Mets no-hitter getting so much attention?
The Heat Good job! Good effort! kid as heard through history (video)
My prediction: we'll be seeing this again very soon
Six year old sends Brandon Jacobs $6 from his piggy bank after learning that he left the Giants because they didn't have enough money to pay him
Is Derek Jeter the greatest offensive Shortstop of All-Time?
as a Sonics fan, this is what I sang to the TV when I saw Clay Bennett holding the Western Conference Trophy (bonus:  Mila Kunis)
I'll have another scratched from the Belmont Stakes. No Triple Crown :(
I'll Have Another not competing at Belmont, Triple Crown hopes dashed by tender tendon
No Triple Crown this year: I'll Have Another scratched from Belmont

Looking For The Best NBA Betting System? It's Called Z Code Betting System!
      - YouTube
NBA Playoffs: Is it just me, or is there anyone else who can't stand listening to Jeff Van Gundy?
Did Ashton Kutcher just punk Manny Pacquiao?  If not, RIP Boxing.
A ringside account of the controversial fight between Manny Pacquiao and Timothy Bradley Jr. - Grantland
Called the win exactly tonight. Won a bet with my friend. Help me pick his next profile picture!
Jay Mariotti: How not to be the biggest asshole in media
TIL: Marc Gasol was drafted by the Lakers and immediately traded to the Grizzlies for his brother, Pau Gasol.
Thousands rally to support new arena in Seattle 
soccer fans want to help with a news report
Is there a sport spectator more annoying than golf's get in the hole guy?
Drogba signs with Chinese team for $15 million a year. An interesting trend of Chinese teams spending big money for elite players.
Display of violence before Euro 2012 match 
GOAAAAAAAABLEEUUEGHHHHGLE
Senator Harry Reid (D-NV) quotes Bryce Harper
NHL players mock Lebron's Injury.
Euro hypocrisy and a comeback. 
Thinking Ricky...want to win Origin...
OKC Thunder's biggest problem
Is this enough? Can Lebron take a deep breath yet or is he still the villain?
The heat just won a championship ask me how many fucks I give
Chinese man literally dies watching European soccer for 11 straight nights
I know I'd go to the low post.
Now that the NBA is done for the year, this is how I feel as WVU fan rolling into the Big 12 This Week!
Don't count on there being an NHL season next year
What would you like to improve in soccer?
Coin toss may determine Olympics slot after photo finish
At 30 years old with no prior training, which sport do you think would be the easiest to make it to a pro level?
Arizona Wildcats sweep the College World Series!
At least ESPN shares my lack of respect for the WNBA, but c'mon, it's Sue Bird
Is anyone else pumped for the US Track and Field Team this summer?
New York Knicks forward Amar'e Stoudemire has been fined $50,000 by the NBA for using offensive and derogatory language in a Twitter message
Remember when Lehigh beat Duke? Vote for them to win an ESPY!
If you shoot from OUTSIDE the three point line and it bounces off the ground WITHIN the three point line and goes in, how many points is it worth?

One of the best parts of interleague play is to see AL pitchers trying to hit... (x-post from /r/baseball)
The cutest Habs fan, EVER!
How the world sees Balotelli...today^^
Mario Balotelli, Racially Bashed, Will Have the Last Laugh at Euro 2012 
WHAT YOU CAN DO ON TICKET TO SPORTS
(x-post from /r/nba) I was at Royce White's (16th pick, from ISU) draft party. Here's me with him shortly after the pick was announced!
Tim Mcgraw just pulled out a Phillies jersey while playing in Pittsburgh... does he not know his crowd?
Uncovered e-mails close book on Paterno's legacy
Why does everyone think that this is an american crest?
This is my first year doing fantasy football, and I was wondering if you guys thought this was an okay team?
Kevin Durant: The Meaning of Number 35
Bryce Harper to All-Star Game,
Yogi Berra (10), Bill Russell (11), Henri Richard (11), and Charles Haley (5) are the all time leaders for championships won as a player in their respective leagues.  Shouldn't they be collectively honored in some form before one of them passes?
My favorite coverage from the Wimbledon Final
The Soccer hat trick.  Miss the ball, kick opponent in the balls, and flop to draw a penalty.
Bare handed catch by Kevin Mitchell
delusional athlete criticizes Michael Phelp's work ethic.  the Michael Phelps with 14 gold medals in the Olympics
Wondering why I don't get my b1g1 after my softball game of 20-0 during a Yankee game.... Fucking all star game 
Serena gained some nerd cred Sunday.   Millions of dollars and she wears a Casio calculator watch.
9 Radical Changes to Make Baseball a Better Game
Why watch the ESPY's when you can watch a player leap over a defender and the keeper to score
A Different type of performance enhancing drug. done 42 years ago today.
Halo Above Joe Paterno's Head Removed From Famous Penn State Mural
People are awesome! [First Post]. The whole thing is worth watching.
The NCAA has conditionally approved Simon Fraser University as its first non-American school.
Pakistan struggle after losing quick wickets against Sri Lanka
Should Jay Cutler be banned from Wrigley Field for life?
It doesn't get more bush league than this
can someone explain this catch to me?
Cowboys top NFL with $1.85 billion value
Marshawn Lynch Joins NFL Arrest Parade
All 36 MLS goals from the weekend in one video
All the money in the world, and this is what ESPN comes up with?
Why Can't We Have Canada's Version of ESPN's 
SportsCenter?
Flyers sign Nashville Captain Shea Weber to 14 year dea
Adidas miCoach Elite System will track MLS players speed, acceleration, position, etc. and send info to coaches iPad.
Michelle Jenneke dancing sexy as hell at Junior World Championships in Barcelona 2012
      - YouTube
Rumor is the Islanders are moving to Brooklyn... I couldn't resist the urge to revamp the '95 Fish-sticks logo
Could you imagine playing against this guy in High School? [FIXED]
Aaaand it's down; Penn State removes Joe Paterno statue.

This sums up the last hour of The Open Championship.
The Paterno Legacy in one Photograph
Why does Penn State have to vacate wins/incur football penalties when the crimes committed at the college have NOTHING to do with football?
Time for NCAA president Emmert to put his money where his mouth is, UW is currently unpunished for covering up a rape and shooting.
Most entertaining name to chant at the Olympics?
The moment that sold me on the passion of soccer.
LSU offers sweet football scholarship to middle-school student
Dottie Sandusky continues to defend her husband.  Denial or Outright Lie?
Hey Great Britain, can you restrain yourself from posting anything about the Olympics, or add a spoiler alert, cause we're on a 7-hour time delay here across the pond
Oh NCAA Basketball 07........
Bulgaria’s Jordan Jovtchev will turn 40 in February... a six-time Olympian and four-time medalist who specializes on the still rings... [is] competing with a bulging, broken right wrist.
The Lynching of Penn State - Burnt Orange Nation
Derrick Rose or Dwyane Wade?
Today Search Giant Google is promoting Diving on its Homepage. Yesterday it was Archery. What is your expectation about next doodle?
Jerry Jones, owner and GM of the Dallas Cowboys, wants him some glory hole
Lizzie Armitstead took to cycling 'pretty well', says father in aftermath of Great Britain athlete winning silver medal in road race
Consumers Don't Really Know Who Sponsors the Olympics
NBC's No. 1 Tweeting Critic Has Been Suspended From Twitter
Korean fencer stands tall as she refuses to have gold metal taken from her
Penn State considering changes to football uniform; can changing the gear change the public perception?
Decoding beach volleyball's hand signals - yeah, that's what this article is about.
The olympics are one huge, beautiful orgy!
Title IX made American women gold medalists possible at the 2012 Olypmpics
Congrats Nathan Adrian! (for those of you who don't watch the olympics, he won the US a gold in the 100m Freestyle)
In Norway: Daredevils brave snow, ice to ride giant waves in Norway. I tried to go swimming but I could feel my vital organs shutting down and all my blood rushing to my heart to protect it.
One of the best goal reactions ever, by one of the greatest ever.
Dear Yahoo, Fuck you, and learn what a spoiler is.
Was the US vs. Canada game fixed to ensure USA passes through? 
Jeremy Lin is a class act
Reddit, this Olympian is underrated and deserves some love. Bolt is the fastest, yes; USA's Eaton is the greatest athlete...EVER. Watch him tomorrow! 
Linsanity
USA's Mitchell ran final half of opening lap of 4x400 Olympic relay on broken leg
So apparently NBC is a bunch of pervs because they made this highlight video in celebration of female Olympic athletes. NSFW? You be the judge...
Usain Bolt criticizes Carl Lewis for raising questions about steroid use
“I Would Like To Extend You A Counter-Offer To Suck My Dick”: A Rejected Jobseeker Sends The Padres The Best Letter Ever
Lakers vs Heat = DC vs Marvel
when people say that professional female athletes are inferior to AMATEUR male athletes, i become very frustrated
I made a little wager in Vegas. Yes I was laughed at.
Weekend woes hit Tiger Woods again at PGA Championship
U.S. basketball team defeats Spain to win Olympic gold medal 
Lebron James clowning after winning the gold, pure American joy
UK friends: did you watch the Basketball gold medal game today?  Did it make you more interested in Basketball?
Europe continues its domination of the Olympics, being the brightest ring on the Olympic logo representing the 5 continents. 
Jonathan Vaughters admits to doping during career - 
The Times of India
If you thought Ramos' penalty went high...I present 
to you: Jonathan Soriano.
Does a TrueSports? form subreddit exist? If not, would you be interested in one?
Reports: Michael Jordan can lose $1.5 million in a gym investment 
Belarusian shot putter Nadzeya Ostapchuk stripped of Olympic gold medal for doping
Whenever ESPN asks Mel Kiper for insight on a sport other than football.
30 FOR 30 IS BACK
Mike Krzyzewski Leads Ragtag Band Of Rejects To Olympic Gold (The Onion)
FIBA Wants 3-On-3 Basketball At 2016 Olympics
Yankee Baseball Academy in the Dominican Republic
Melky Cabrera suspended 50 games for positive drug test
What non white trash people do in Utah, other than snowboard or get married at an early age.
Mexicans attack Americans after a loss in a soccer game. Why are international soccer fans so violent?
I'm sure I am missing something here, but aren't there usually only 4 balls?
Lizzie Armitstead, Emma Pooley and the rest of the women's cycling teams deserve equal support. #sport #gender #equality #Olympics #London2012
London Olympic Final 2012 Usain Bolt Wins 100 metre  Thrown Bottle Live - YouTube
London 2012 Summer Olympics - Men's 100m Semi Finals GATLIN Justin - YouTube
Scary Wreck Mark Martin 2012 Pure Michigan 400 - YouTube
We all know that the reason the Third World watches soccer instead of football is poverty, but what about Europe?
Augusta National admits first two female members: Condi Rice and Darla Moore
Roger Clemens Signs to Sugarland Skeeters. Wonder if they'll have Syringe Night? 'roids to the first 200 fans.
Kobe Bryant scores 68 points in the second half of a Chinese charity game 
Judge Sides With USADA In Lance Armstrong Suit
Its been perphaps the most hated sport in America, but now its finally socially acceptable to say you enjoy soccer.
TIL Matt Cassel is the only QB to start in the NFL having never started a game in College (x-post from TIL)
Clinton Portis retires from NFL 
Lance Armstrong won't fight doping charges.
Lance Armstrong says Enough is enough. and gives up his fight against the USADA
Lance Armstrong to be stripped of all 7 Tour titles
Lance Armstrong says won't fight doping charges; will lose titles
Incredible Parkour and Freerunning from latvian Erik Aleynikov - Set to Rocky Balboa's speech &amp; The XX 
Lance Armstrong
FTFY naysayers gonna naysay.
Why the interns shouldn't be left alone.
A brutal injurty in soccer. Most people you'll meet will say soccer is as a pussy sport but sometimes you can find toughness and real injuries.
Widely regarded as a disgraced cheater around the world, how is Lance Armstrong seen now in the USA? 
The latest on Roger Clemens, because we were all wondering.
Best fantasy football team names?
Streakers at tonight's Jets game
'Don't cry for me,' says defiant Lance Armstrong as drugs case drags on
Whitlock: Paterno book by Joe Posnanski tells more about author's ego
As an athlete that competes under USADA/WADA jurisdiction, please read this article on the Armstrong situation &amp; educate yourself.
Michael Jordan or Kobe Bryant? 
Chad Johnson's enthusiasm for Madden 13 is palpable.
Anyone else miss this show?
WTF is going on in stadiums these days?
Division III quarterback sets NCAA record with 736 passing yards
Joe Torre sizes up new Dodgers 
Beaten Pistorius apologizes for timing of 'long' blade blast
An avatar I created for my Fantasy Football team this year...
Holy crap...I still can't believe this is happening...
The devil has gone back to hell
When your name is Pepe and you play soccer, this is pretty much too stereotypical
ESPN's Ultimate Team Rankings across all pro sports. 
Goldie makes a scissors kick goal in overtime!!!
You Know He Was
A helpful chart that your significant other would probably appreciate 
You would think sitting here my son's team wouldn't have lost so badly
NASCAR a sport?
Shaq has a plan for the Knicks to have a better chance against Miami which will help them not at all
Junior Seau's 55 Banner Being Raised Today @ Qualcomm Stadium.
Ummm...  Why does the Woman on NFL Network wear the same outfit 3 days a week?
Why is no one talking about Ichiro Suzuki?
The Cleveland Indians outscored the Cleveland Browns today, 15-14
This time around, Florida St. are the good guys in college football. 
More officiating madness: Officials take the game away from Green Bay on the final play of Monday Night's game
Little Meme I made, enjoy
Still feel bad about the bad call from Monday night's game? There's a song for that now - Call It Maybe 
Real Refs Have Agreement to Return this Weekend!
this moment single handedly ended the nfl referee lockout, i'm convinced.
Sydney defeats Hawthorn in AFL Grand Final 91-81
Good Guy Bubba Watson
Americans, why do you REALLY hate soccer? [X-Post AskAnAmerican]
You agree with the so-called NBA experts? Such as Kerr...“I'd be shocked if it was anyone other than L.A., Miami or OkC that wins the championship”.
A different American Football sub-reddit (r/FootballAmerica)
Bouquet Pass extra point FTW!
A's refuse to remove tarp from upper decks! Even for sold out games!
Defense? What's that?-most major college football programs
What does that say in his hat?
I guess SportsCenter chose the starter for tonights game.
Sadly this sums up the NY Jets offense this season.
Lance Armstrong's camp gets desperate, insinuates Big Tobacco is behind the USADA investigation.
Doping Helped Armstrong Win Tour de France, 11 Teammates Testify Against Armstrong
Bane Favre
TIL that Michael Jordan was so good that he had his Jersey retired for a team he didn't even play for. (Miami was right for doing that, Everyone should follow suit.)
Factory Hockey Intro [1:58]
Gotta love the bandwagoners 
Big sports events leads to domestic violence according to a study
AFC apologizes for referring to the United Arab Emirates national team as the Sand Monkeys.
checked fantasy football team and realized...
Lance Armstrong steps down as head of Livestrong as Nike terminates the contract 
Josh Beckett is obviously a redditor...
Chris Kluwe takes a stand for gay citizens
A-Rod &amp; Grandson still out of lineup for Game 4!
Goalie Fights!!
OMG ESPN...
Dammit Cardinals! What happened?
Should we care that cyclist were doping? And what sport do people believe dont have the top players doping in some way?
Ozzie Guillen has been fired by the Miami Marlins after one season.
Brooklyn Finally Nets A Team Of Its Own

Lance Armstrong likely to be removed from New York City, Boston marathon results, too
A kid on my son's team was diagnosed with autism, after finding out, the team gave him a chance to get the only touch down he'd make in his life, now that he cannot play anymore
Marcus Lattimore's brutal knee injury
Open letter to the NHL and NHLPA over their third work stoppage in a row...
James Harden Traded to the Houston Rockets 
how I feel as a Detroit tigers fan right now
Me Gusta Pittsburgh
Giants Win 2012 World Series
The San Francisco Giants win the 2012 WORLD SERIES!!!
Nine coaches face felony charges related to  high-dollar gambling on little league football
Sports world relatively quiet as Hurricane Sandy hits
Really America? The Madden Curse?
Am I the only one disappointed in the NBA?
When is it time for the Lakers to Panic?
NYC Marathon canceled due to storm-related concerns 
Birthday discount is the reason the NCAA suspended New Mexico’s Jamal Fenton - Yahoo! Sports
RAY ALLEN CLUTCH VS DENVER NUGGETS
Lakers defeat Golden State, 101-77
Possibly the worst free throw of all time
The omission of one simple little letter makes a big difference here.
All of these are links to ESPN . . .
Somebody kidnapped the Cincinnati Bengals and replaced the team with replacement players.....
NASCAR should fine Clint Bowyer the way the NBA did Kobe Bryant for his slur
Ibrahimovic sparks social media storm - CNN.com
For all you futuristic baseball fans.
Oh Raider's fans...
...and you kiss em on the mouth -- IF YOU'RE A GIRL! Classic Les Miles press conference following the Ole Miss v LSU game.
Go home DIRECTV, you're drunk
Weird things happen: White boy destroys NCAA basketball single-game scoring record--although probably against a bunch of other white boys.
Goals of the week
Penn State's head coach drops F bomb during live interview
Sacrificed a ticket so a buddy's wife could go with us to the ND USC game.  Now she's decided to stay outside and drink. Raging.
5-19 at Iowa State got him hired, 33-19 at Auburn got him fired. So long, Gene Chizik.
AC Milan 1 - 0 Juventus All Goals and Highlights [HD]
rondo fights humphries nba fight
I thought this picture of Eddie Murray seemed familiar...
There are better ways to defend a crossover, Paul.
Kansas City Chiefs player commits suicide at team facility - ESPN New York
What all Notre Dame fans are pondering.
Buddy sent me this on Facebook. (Sorry UGA fans)
Too soon
We'll never forget you Bert
With the Heat down 21 points, too...
Next NFL Rule Change Could Be Eliminating Kickoffs?
TIL that after Tim Tebow became the first sophomore to win the Heisman, the next two winners were sophomores
Tonight, this made it to the record books in boxing. Marquez's knockout punch over Pacquiao. 
Heisman Trophy winner Johnny Manziel presents the Top 10 on Letterman
This was taken on my P2P trip to Europe. The location was atop Paris in Montmartre: 130 meters high.
The NFL is bigger than religion on Google it seems.
Any idea where I can find a video of the Sports Center Weekend Encore from yesterday? 
The NY Mets trade 2012 NL Cy Young winner R.A. Dickey to the Toronto Blue Jays in a 7-player deal
My football highlight that made the finals of TSN's highlight of the month
Squash for a cause, helping kids do better in school by engaging in a competitive sport. [video]
Terrence Ross' double-dose of Amazing!
TIL Calvin Johnson broke Jerry Rice's record...but still plays for the Lions.
Duke, without a bowl win in almost 51 years, suffers heartbreaking loss to Cincinnati (VIDEO)
University of Texas suspends Case McCoy and Jordan Hicks indefinitely pending the outcome of sexual assault investigation
Junior Dos Santos predicts knockout of Cain Velasquez - ESPN
How different would the NBA and MLB be if they only played once a week like the NFL?
Jadeveon Clowney is not human.
Ryan tattoo features woman in Sanchez jersey doing a Tebow.
Unbelievable 9 Dart Finish -- 2013 World Championships, Michael van Gerwen [HD]
Dear /r/sports, why do sports fans seemingly get offended when they find out I don't watch any?
Two young Kansas State students were hit by a drunk driver during their visit to Phoenix for the Fiesta Bowl. Please help their families with travel expenses to Phoenix from Kansas. 
Warne v Samuels 1
Messi
So CNN's source for Sports is now Bleacher Report.....     No. Seriously....   Stop laughing!
As you can tell, I do not care for Alabama and am an Auburn fan! Kill em' Irish!
Tried uploading a video of the first half of the ND v BAMA game to a pornsite, I got a rejection email saying they don't allow rape!
I'm from South Bend but hate Notre Dame. This is what I send my friends who complain about an Irish loss.
Has anybody else thought of this?
The greatest high school football recruiting video ever made
As Lance Armstrong’s celebrity fed Livestrong, the charity enhanced his brand, and the resulting deals generated both profits and misgivings.


Pep Guardiola to become new Bayern Munich coach
Chip Kelly agrees.
Ronaiah Tuiasosopo may be quiet but his uncle is not
A nice picture of Te'o and his gf
Friend says Tuiasosopo confessed to Manti Te'o girlfriend hoax Tuiasosopo, the man who has been publicly identified as being behind the Manti Te'o girlfriend hoax, called a church friend in early December crying and admitted to duping the Heisman finalist.
Great score of Pogba(Juventus-It)
My friend's tweet during the Zaga-Butler game last night... probably a safe bet.
As a guy who knows nothing about sports, but interacts with people who do, does /r/sports have some sort of cheat sheet where non-fans can learn the week's storylines well enough to follow conversations?
Frank Gore does the only Dirty Bird of the 49ers/Falcons game
Band wagons
Ravens upset Patriots 28-13 to make Super Bowl
Meanwhile in Boston...The Scallenge.
The New Orleans Hornets are now the New Orleans Pelicans. And this is the new logo.
Legalize steroids. No, seriously.
Ravens Linebacker, Brendon Ayanbadejo, plans to use the Super Bowl to promote same-sex marriage.
President Barack Obama not sure he'd allow a son to play football - ESPN
My cousin leading the pack at Red Bull Crashed Ice St. Paul yesterday.
The best reason to watch Super Bowl isn't the 49'ers or Ravens, it is 30 seconds of The Walking Dead!!!!!
Caleb Moore in desperate condition after X Games snowmobile crash
Tiger Woods wins 75th PGA tour. 
America's Next Top Messi
Ravens Cheerleader Benched from Superbowl for Gaining a Couple Pounds.
Dennis Rodman swearing up a storm on live radio right now on ESPN 1000 Chicago. Sooooo awkward. 
Person who knocked out lights at Super Bowl
Power outage had nothing to do with the power outage.
49ers WIN SUPER BOWL 
Fuck the Super Bowl. This is still the greatest moment in the history of Sports
Investigators expose global soccer fixing scam: Hundreds of soccer matches have been fixed in a global betting scam run from Singapore
Don Cherry Rants...
So it looks like I'm the only hockey fan in Virginia, let alone the rest of the South
Two of the most storied clubs in the world, Real Madrid and Manchester United, go head to head in the Champions League next week for the first time in 10 years...and here's the promo
3 Terrible Stadiums You Won't Believe Were Actually Built
Goals of the week
350 pounds and runs a 4.5-40. Warren Sapp+AP=David Fangupo
Target weighs in on the UNC- Duke rivalry.
Kidd-Gilchrist: I lost to MJ in 1-on-1
Ashton Kutcher made $750k placing sports bets in Vegas
Top 10 Sports Choke Jobs 
Just Do It - Nike suspends contract with Oscar Pistorius 
I'm a Brit who enjoyed the Super Bowl and wants to start watching American Football. Is there anything i can watch before the season starts in September?
with all the diving in football it's nice to see this sometimes
Oklahoma City Thunder signs veteran guard Derek Fisher
Nevada boxing officials suspend, fine Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. over positive drug test
Proving he is Minnesota's Chosen One, Joe Mauer and his wife Maddie are expecting twins.
This guy loves baseball
SportsRadio 94 WIP and Comcast SportsNet do the Harlem Shake
PEOPLE ARE AWESOME *best of sport* (HD)
MJ answers the LeBron/Kobe question.
Gonzaga moves to #1 in AP Poll - Has Cake Day
Stephan A. Smith has gone too far


It turns out, however, that the distance of a field-goal attempt is just one of many factors determining the odds of its success — and that “icing” the kicker is virtually useless.
Saw this at a local car dealership. Sell out harder?

What is your favorite non-traditional sport? Here's mine. Tell us yours
Atmosphere from the crowd for Manchester United v Real Madrid, greatest spectacle in sport.
My school's basketball team celebrates after hitting a big shot
At 43, Yankees' Rivera Confirms That He'll Retire in Fall 
Canada vs. Mexico world baseball classic brawl
Basketball Trickshots
Percy Harvin traded to the Seahawks 
Have you ever seen them in the same place?
Basketballer who played pro-ball in Argentina last year signs three-year tight-end contract with Seahawks after only one tryout.
Paintball gun!
13 Year Old Marcus Kleveland Nails Triple Cork
Bill Barnwell on the second day of NFL free agency
Tottenham's Andre Villas-Boas demands action over monkey chanting at Emmenual Adebayor from Inter fans
Goals of the week
My favorite piece of sports memorabilia 
Weed
ESPN: Brittney Griner backlash not about her, but us
Now that March Madness has Started
Big Bracket - Oversized Tournament Bracket
Reddit, what teams made your Final Four?
Soccer Logic....
I've come down with a case of March madness
In a nutshell what implications does tomorrow's USA v. Mexico soccer game have?
Anyone notice that sports team are not very creative with their mascot or logo? Like Georgia's G looks just like Green Bay's Logo.
I know it's fun to hate Duke basketball, but the student newspaper had a pretty great headline after beating Creighton on Sunday.
How has Reddit not made something of this yet?
The Stark Contrast Between Mormon Country and Sin City
I would hate to lose that paycheck!
I present to you the 1932 Boston Celtics. Thank god they integrated this sport.
Thierry Henry beautiful goal vs Philly
After seeing Kevin Ware's injury...
Seeing Kevin Ware's injury really reminded me of another one I'd seen before. (NSFW)
Mr Glass's thought on Kevin Ware
Atlanta Falcons to Sign Exonerated LB Brian Banks ('Rape' Victim Recounted After 5+ Years in Prison)
So the old Big East, lost a bunch of teams to the ACC, is now the AAC
As a person living in Michigan who doesn't really care about sports, this is my Facebook feed.
louisville was bought off and their coach is a gangster.
The Pain of Losing Well: Michigan's Heartbreak
Bought a lebron james jersey at the swapmeet for 10 bucks new
Adam Scott: 1st Australian to win the Masters.
Twitter / SInow: This Week's Cover: BOSTON ...
Boston Marathon bombings -- FBI releases photos of marathon suspects
Auburn A-Day
Reddit... This is the funniest NFL video ever made!
Playoff name to be revealed
Former Bills fan here. Looking for a new team after the EJ Manuel disaster.
The second article is about the gay nba player
Hottie caught on TV camera's during the Rockets v. Thunder game.
Boxer Who Killed Other Guy In Ring Somehow Not World Champion Now
That about sums up my current life
2013 NBA playoffs -- Mark Jackson of Golden State Warriors accuses Denver Nuggets of 'dirty' play
Thief steals Utahn little league teams' only source of funding. League has set up a page for donation.
Jason Collins Vs. Chris Bosh
David Luiz goal vs Basel
Skateboard Edit (GREAT CLIPS)
Myron Rolle retires from the NFL to go to medical school.
Video of Matt Kemp giving his shirt and shoes to a disabled Dodgers fan. Way to go Matt!
Stephen A. Smith stars in a Star Trek Into Darkness commercial
Brian Scalabrine gets asked a dumb question after the Celtics win the NBA finals. Answers the question like a true champion. [2008]
Worst first pitch EVER
Sergio Garcia implodes on the final two holes of The Players Championship, hitting the water THREE times (GIFs) (est. loss of ~$800K)
Playoff frustration
What Chevy thinks about their upcoming $590 million Man U shirt sponsorship...
This is the Dharamshala Cricket Stadium, located at the base of the Himalayas
3 years and 75,000 matchsticks later, a Yankee Stadium replica
Warriors come back onto court to thank Oracle Arena fans after losing to Spurs — do other teams do this? It made me tear up.
I know how much can be at stake when a man takes a four-hour walk: Everything. The incomparable Gary Smith relates the tragic tale of 2004 Olympic hopeful Albert Heppner.
Have you ever been so angry that you threw your dentures at the opponent? (Argentine football)
MVP
35 runners who didn't get to finish the Boston Marathon will cross the finish line at the Indy 500 before the start of the race.
Angel Pagan of the San Francisco Giants hits a walk-off inside the park home run in the bottom of the 10th inning. (Video)
American sport to watch over the summer.
Tim Duncan Realizing He Has Arms
NY Rangers Fire Coach John Tortorella
Atletico Mineiro keeper Victor saves 93rd minute penalty with a bicycle kick to reach Libertadores semi-final!
NBA officials are shocked - SHOCKED - to discover that players use rough language in the locker room
More potential drug problems for MLB
Go Spurs Go
Starting a sumo subreddit. Check it out.
FireJoeMorgan.com - A great blog about horrible sports writting
'Joba the Heat': The Yankees' Rookie Justin Chamberlain
Grandson of Jonestown founder is making a name for himself
Torre Wins, Steinbrenners Lose
Drew finds his swing, Red Sox fans find him
FIFA ends World Cup rotation
The Essence of the Sports Car [PICS]
Redskins Star Sean Taylor Dies After Shooting
New England contines on to 12-0 with last minute TD against the Ravens. 
Carl from Aqua Teen Hunger Force sounds off about this year's BCS matchups
Name One Sports Book and its Author. Nothing More
 F1 Ace Lewis Hamilton Loses Driving Licence In Speeding Ban
Clemens Denies Allegations by His Former Trainer That He Used Banned Substances 
Miroslav Satan Gets Career Point 666 in NHL.  Too bad he doesn't play for the New Jersey Devils...
Patriots Fan Jumps From Overpass
Brady is NFL MVP
LSU rolls over Ohio State to win College Footballs National Championship title
Funny moments in the sports world
James Heinz Interview: Ode to an Icon
Green Bay station pulls 'Seinfeld' rerun as prank on Giants' Manning
UFC is rigged and I'll prove it in this video
NEW!! Seat Leon wide body kit by JE Desin
Plaxico Burress guarantees Super Bowl win
Transforming College Hoops
Umpires are livid that Major League Baseball has sent investigators to their hometowns
Plaxico Burress Backs Up Guarantee - Giants Shock The Football World! 
Spain may lose both Grand Prix races due to racist comments toward Lewis Hamilton
More sports links than you can shake a stick at -- if you were a creepy old guy who shook sticks at things.
Davis Love III Excited to Return From Injury
HBO drops a cancellation bomb on football fans.
17 Fitness Truths To Get You In Great Shape 
Accuser Unveils Pics of Roger Clemens's Steroid Stash
The Next Reggie or Tom
Sports in the Land Down Under
Top 10 Sports to Play While Drinking
Duke's Imminent Penis Envy
Highest paid American Athletes in 2007 (chart)
52 Awesome Predictions for the 2008 Baseball Season
I like hockey and play it often.  I would like to see how many other redditors fall into these two circles.  Anyone watching or playing?
Michigan Basketball Coach Kevin Borseth's Epic On-Camera Meltdown
MLB forces closure of Obama T-shirt operation
Formula 1 is going back to the BBC.
UCLA romps into Final Four 
When racism rears its ugly head, its hard to ignore (apalling behavior at NCAA wrestling championships)
Show Abbey Clancy your moves
The Olympic torch's shadowy past 
David Ortiz' Worst 12-game Stretch [graph]
Jerry Rice, Emmitt Smith, Jason Taylor:  Who's The Better NFL Dancer?
Fairplay sex rules launched for Euro punters
Soccer Streaker Tiffany May Nude in Playboy 
O.J. Mayo’s Debacle Raises Questions….Again
Dennis Rodman Charged With Domestic Violence
Steroids Dealer and Fitness Model Girlfriend Found Dead
Tony Romo and Justin Timberlake Break 100 at Torrey Pines
Robert Kubica and BMW claim their first win in Canada
Red Sox Bullpen trades signed baseballs for naked pictures of some guy's ex-wife
If the NBA is rigged, it's got to get a lot better at it
Yankees' switch pitcher makes his minor league debut -- 1 scoreless inning
Sheriff to Shaq - Give me back my badge.
 I'm staying at Arsenal - Adebayor
Floyd Landis Loses Appeal to Regain 2006 Tour de France Title
Madonna and A-Rod Hooking up?
Venus Williams Beat Sister Serena Williams to Claim Wimbledon Title
Awful Announcing: The 11pm Sports Center Has Fun With Giambi's 'Stache
Concerned about gang signs, NFL reviews tapes 
harkleroad to playboy  
Cristiano Ronaldo to Follow in David Beckham's Footsteps?
Cristiano Ronaldo Recovers with an Orgy?
Cubs fined $500,000 for draft violations
Andrew Giuliani (Rudy Giuliani's Son) gets kicked off Duke U Golf Team for acting like a douche, now suing to get back on.
Minor League Baseball brawl leads to 15 player ejections, 3 coach ejections, 1 fan to the hospital, and 1 player arrested - sounds fun!
Newcastle bid £4million for Philippe Senderos
Michael Phelps going for 8 gold metals : A feat never accomplished at any Olympics
Mariners right fielder Ichiro Suzuki got his 3,000th professional hit between the major leagues and Japan 
Could this woman become the NFL's first female official?
Show the games live - NBC can't keep getting away with delaying the events we want to see for 12 to 15 hours
The A-11 offense: Ridiculous, or Genius?   (american football)
Athlete Says Sports Steroids Changed Him From Woman to Man
We are not going to distribute footage...Everything is good. What are you going to do with the footage? See what the Serbians already saw? It is clarified for us beyond any doubt.
Phelps' body, the secret of success
The mystery of Michael Phelps' missing father
Cuban athlete in Olypmics Taekwondo Match Kicks Ref, (disclaimer: video is in french) 
Personal Fouls  The 10 Greatest Referee Attacks In Sports History
10 Commandments for women during football season
Eagles fans have had enough of Jerome McDougle
Skateboarder Van Wastell Dead After Falling from Berlin Hotel Window
Benches Clear, Players Ejected, Angels Crush Yankees
Tale of the Tape: Tom Brady's GF vs. Matt Cassel's wife
Anna Kournikova is still famous, hot 
Is this the worst soccer dive EVER? (video)
A UB hail mary winner might not mean much in the grand scheme of college football but after being the worst team in college football for quite a few years running it warms my wounded Buffalo heart
An Unofficial Guide to Life as a Ref 
Jeter Breaks Gehrig's Record
Jay Mariotti NOT going to Chicago Tribune
Why do rich athletes go broke?
The genius of Manny Ramirez
Son of personality on ESPN's Mike &amp; Mike arrested over weekend for underage drinking at Notre Dame.
IS RODRIGUEZ' DEPARTURE HAVING AN ADVERSE EFFECT ON WEST VIRGINIA?
Seahawks fan takes smack-talk to a new low. 
Johnson scores twice, Titans off to 1st 4-0 start
Your Ultimate Guide to Sports Facial Hair
Maine college now offers credited class in Red Sox Nation
Top 50 Sports Blogs: 3rd Quarter 2008
Does your high school draw 12,000 at an away game?  South Panola extends winning streak to 81 with 21-13 win.
For LSU, Operation Take Down Tebow Begins
FIREROD.COM - It Must Be All the Winning That Makes Rich Rodriguez Popular in Michigan
Razor Ramon has a crazy weekend, kicked out of Jersey for life.
 Unbelievable and hilarious video of Devin Harris (New Jersey Nets) getting schooled by London Street Ball Legend Stuart Tanner 
Bush Helps Open Trails to Mountain Biking in National Parks
Zaki scores a spectacular overhead goal aganist Liverpool
Bengals' Keith Rivers Out for Season After Brutal Hit From Steelers' Hines Ward (w/video)
Referee takes down South Carolina quarterback video.  This is a must watch!
A11 - High School Football Formation - Offense of the Future, or Just Unfair?
Tampa Bay Rays turnaround would be greatest sports story ever 
15 great sportscasting bloopers 
Philly's Curse of William Penn about to be broken?
Fox sideline reporter Danyelle Sargent asks 49'ers new coach Singletary if he spoke to Bill Walsh about his new job. Bill Walsh died last year. 
Higuita Scorpion Kick -- One of the most bizarre saves of all time.
Incredible Bike Stunts (and a few good falls) compilation
Arsenal 4 - 4 Tottenham (Full MOTD Highlights)
YouTube - First Hack-a-Shaq in 5 sec In to the 08-09 season!!!
Popovich pulls a Hack a Shaq joke during the game, Video
Vinatieri proves he's clutch in Colts' 18-15 win 
2 Players EJected after Rockets-Suns Melee (Ron Artest Not Involved)
Jets Take AFC East Lead After Win Over Pats
Tampa Bay Lightning fire Melrose as coach after just 16 games, gambler takes over
Lightning Cancel Melrose Place - Fire Head Coach
Street Fighting Man
St. Louis Cardinals first baseman Albert Pujols wins Most Valuable Player award
Bruce Pearl’s Ex-Wife Opens Hair Salon Called Alimony
Iowa fans cited for restroom sex during football game
And Replacing Phil Fulmer At Tennessee Will Be…
10 Reasons Losing Plaxico Won’t Hurt The Giants
Rutgers Will Play in a Bowl Game
Steelers Win, ESPN member wins $1,000,000
America's Oldest Golf Club...on Ebay for $155,000
BREAKING - Mo Cheeks Fired from 76ers
Who got the better deal in the Billups/Iverson trade? Both sides weigh in
Sundin signs with Canucks
LeBron James may Sign Contract Extension Early: Keep on Dreaming, New York Knicks
Brandon Jacobs is The Juggernaut, Bitch
Which team has the best defence in the World? | Online sports articles and news over the net
Anyone have a Creative Commons Wade Boggs Red Sox photo?  This is ridiculous!
This BCS Championship game should be played at a neutral field. The partisan crowd noise is laughable.
Badminton is Badass 
Charles Barkley to take leave of absence from TNT
Funny MSU-KANSAS MIC UP MISHAP on CBS 1-10-09, Video
Man Utd 3-0 Chelsea
15 Funny Nicknames in the History of the NBA
Kid’s Stolen Winter Classic Hockey Stick – RETURNED!
Giants fans riot, destory porsche, after losing to Eagles. VIDEO
Are NFL Final Four pools the wave of the future?
Lakers' fall flatter than Kate Hudson
Not Even Obama’s Brother-in-Law Can Help Oregon State Basketball
Amazing leap frog dunk over a hapless defender [VIDEO]
LeBron commercial loosely based on nightmare of playing for Browns
sports wrap up: Steelers win record sixth Super Bowl (AP)
Superbowl ref grade: disgraceful
Who Gives A Fuck About Phelps Smoking Pot!
How does Kevin Garnett put an outfit together, 2001, Video
LeBron James Scarf Causes Camera Man to Trip Hard, Video
Dwight Howard Dunk Contest Trash Talk, Goo Goo Gah Gah Dunk, Video
Ask Sports:  WTF Do You Watch Now that Football is Gone.
World Baseball Classic Preview - United States Roster
World’s Twenty Richest Soccer Clubs
Equestrian Rider’s Recovery Serves as Reminder of Sport’s Danger 
Handing Out the Sports Oscars
Goalie Throws Opponent's Shoe On Top Of The Net
DA BEARS. DA CELL PHONE BILL.
New Bill Simmons Column:  The NBA (No Benjamins Association)
Ovechkin fights a Little Girl, on a Wii
Outrage over loss of beloved Philly sports icon drives Buckhalter to regret deal
When it comes to online poker, bad-beat stories entertain an inevitable, if unspeakable, contemporary worry: the Internet is rigged
The Dutch upset Dominican Republic again. This time eliminating them from the WBC.
Dutch Lady Fans Celebrate World Baseball Classic. 
Hot Bowlers: Strikes, Spares and Lipstick
Nate Silver: What Tim Geithner Can Learn from Baseball
What do you think, did Ken Shamrock cheat?
Michael Crabtree profile - is his stock falling?
Houston Rockets forward Carl Landry suffered a gunshot wound to his lower leg early this morning in a possible drive-by shooting or failed robbery.
Miguel Torres Interview (Video)
Lance Armstrong Crashes In Spain, Breaks Collarbone: Video
Larry Bird 1985 Ford Escort, Commercial
Michael Jordan wears tight fitting garbage bag on Letterman 1986, Video
Button wins, Barrichello second in a fairytale Australian Brawn 1-2 [F1]
Jay Cutler traded to Bears
Top 11 reasons why Jay Cutler had to leave the Broncos 
Rob Van Damme Visits California Cannabis Dispensary
Redskins are sending Campbell mixed signals
Pro Teams, Arenas, Look to Score Points with Green Efforts
 Pro Surfer Loses his Chi…his Center…his ability to not hit girls
Five things that need to change about college basketball
The Forgotten Jordan, Bird, Barkley McDonalds, Commercial
Ray Allen elbows Anderson Varejao in the groin…and I don't blame him. [video]
Predicting the 2009 NBA year-end awards
10 videos to remind you why dunking off your roof often ends in failure [vids]
Dana White: You’ll never see Chuck Liddell on the canvas again - Telegraph
Will Celine Dion buy the Montreal Canadiens?
Projected #1 pick in 2011 NBA draft to forgo H/S senior year and turn pro [and, in turn, challenge the system that exploits young basketball talents]
Blazers Dancers Modeling the New Playoff Catsuits...YES PLEASE!
The myth of Lenny Dykstra has completely unraveled
Ward signs five-year extension with Steelers
65 Observations about the 2009 NFL Draft
Can you name all of the Bears starting QBs since 1985?
Ovechkin to Penguins, “You Suck!”
Baseball legend Dom DiMaggio dies at age 92
Michael Vick has reportedly left prison to begin home confinement in Va.
Griffin is a great fit for the Clips
Cavs/Magic Preview
I'm watching the Cavs vs. Magic on TNT Online with 4 different cameras at my choosing (The internet is amazing).
D.C. United's co-managing partner Victor MacFarlane sold his interest in the franchise to co-managing partner William Will H.C. Chang.
Britain's Mark Cavendish wins 13th stage of Giro; Russia's Denis Menchov keeps overall lead
We are all witnesses.
Top 5 MLB surprises and Top 5 busts in 2009 so far
 Slapshot The Hanson brothers
Anonymous Nuggets fan gives up his suite to grant last wish of man dying of terminal cancer: To see just one more Nuggets game.
flipping amazing bike skills
Five Coaches Most Likely To Be Sprewell’d 
I'm blown away at how much cheating happens in golf. Is there an honest golfer out there?
The Interweb: 2009 NFL Rookie Touchdown Dance Challenge
 Derby Champ Mine That Bird the 6/5 favorite at The Belmont Stakes
Manny Ramirez to David Ortiz: 'Road trip'
Obama Bobbleheads Red Flagged At Customs!  
 Top-5 Conan O'brien Sports Figure Look-alikes (poll)
12 Awkward Looking Fights Involving NHL Superstars
Today in sports history: Ten Cent Beer Night
Cuervo Girls spiked from AVP tour (with pics)
Unreal.  The guy that beat Nadal?  He's in the final.  Söderling comes from a break down in the fifth set against Gonzalez to win.
As Howard grows in stature, Shaq shrinks 
A.J. Pierzynski Being a Douche....Again
The Steelers see their SB rings ( Sweet Pics )
Manchester United accept £80m bid from Real Madrid for Ronaldo
Five MLB trades that don’t need to happen
Tennis players could be forced to stop grunting (suprisignly NOT from the Onion)
Cristiano Ronaldo is a prick - PROOF AT LAST!
Builder blows $25 million investment from NHL players on porn stars and Roger Clemens
Tumbling cheerleader loses her pants!
Nats fan dupes red sox fan into going to a gay bar
Trying to make sense of the Timberwolves’ first two picks...why in the world would they draft two pure point guards?
Kenny Brack - IndyCar - Horrible accident!!!
Wimbledon roof-makers prayed for rain
Italian swimmer has her suit split at the seat during a meet
Ice Age Athletes: Dawn Of The Dinosaurs: Who Needs to Retire?
Roger beats Haas in straight sets to reach his 7th straight Wimbledon final.  He is on an incredible run making 15 of the last 16 Grand Slam finals.
BREAKING NEWS: Steve McNair shot, killed in downtown Nashville
Steve McNair's Mistress Fired the Weapon that Killed Them!!
Joel Hanrahan Could Have Been The Only Pitcher To Win And Lose The Same Game
Where Marcin Gortat Making $34 Million Happens | Sharapova's Thigh
Giants Pitcher Jonathan Sanchez No Hits The Padres
ric Bucher Is Yao Ming's Little Bitch
The 10 Oldest Pro Athletes In Team Sports
Hot Chick Makes An Amazing Play At A Baseball Game
TheBasketballJunkie.com: NBA All-Underrated team
10 Motorsports Events You Must See
Boston Red Sox Acquire Adam LaRoche In Trade For Hunter Strickland And Argenis Diaz | starcasm.net
For the last 3 weeks I've gone to the NFL.com shop and tried to order a #4 Vikings jersey with the name FAVRE.  It has always rejected it.  Today, it can be added to your cart and purchased.
Mark Buehrle, Chicago White Sox, pitches a perfect game
Random Retro Baseball Player : Frank Tanana
Edwin Jackson's Back Tat is Cool, But Let Me See Jim Leyland's
Justin Verlander Is Back, Jack
Lance Armstrong has no regrets about 3rd place in Tour - 7-time champ says even at his peak he may have lost to Contador
LEIF OLSON AND THE GREATEST HOLE IN ONE YOU'LL EVER SEE
Michael Vick was conditionally reinstated by NFL commissioner Roger Goodell on Monday and could play in regular season games as early as October.
Bucs In For One Long QB Battle
So what you're saying is they all look the same anyway...? [Pic]
BMW to leave Formula One at end of season 
Sam Bradford Will Autograph Just About Anything, Including Your Newborn 
Umpire Bill Hohn screws the Atlanta Braves again
19 Classic Lite Beer All-Star Team Commercials feat. Madden, Martin, Rodney...
Extremely Patient Kevin Youkilis Works Count To 6-5
Jimmy Rollins and Ryan Howard decide to run their own fantasy camp
Giants, Manning agree to 6 years, $97 million deal - NFL
The Beerbelly
Dallas Cowboys' New Stadium Offers $90 Pizza With No Toppings 
Packers are looking at signing felon Michael Vick
Nastia Liukin Twittered A Few Pics
Chicago Blackhawk Patrick Kane arrested for assaulting a cab driver, robbery
Seminoles' Bowden wants national championship - College Football - Rivals.com
Is Michael Dog Killer Felon Vick truly remorseful for his actions?
Don't think.
3AM Baseball With the Yankees. Why? The players have no choice. Even one minute of sunshine can kill them.
As a sports subreddit moderator, I consistently unban people, because I believe people can delete their own ill thought comments.  People are banned for the most inane comments.  I don't get it.
Photo essay of USA fans v. Mexico at Azteca in Mexico City
The reddit Sports logo is too large and pushes things offscreen, plus it only represents 2 sports, both of which I think suck
Top 10 Pound for Pound MMA Fighters in the World 8/15
Headshot #3 of tonight: Kinsler gets beamed in the head (ignore the annoying commentary, this is the only video I could find)
Could Tiger's loss be golf's gain?
Magic number: Crusader, NBA icon celebrates 50th birthday - would be great to see a side by side comparison of someone who contracted HIV at the same time and where THEY'RE at today (someone who is not a rich celebrity)
8 Intense Baseball Fights Videos
Allen Iverson lists his options: Knicks, Heat, Bobcats
Rick Patino:  Aging Prom Queen
Does your dog need a new shirt?  Get 'em a Michael Vick jersey!
I am a mets fan, when will i smile again?
World's Largest Kickball Tournament Will Be Held In Las Vegas
College football team cancels season opener due to lack of helmets
Even Mets Fans are getting sent to the DL now...[VID - FF to 0:21)
Fisherman in Florida reels in 740lb Shark! (w/ photos)
Where did all those gorgeous Russian tennis players come from?  Why beautiful Eastern European women and tennis stardom go together.
Who Needs Erin Andrews When You Have Sarah Kustok of Comcast SportsNet 
Dan Uggla Should Shut His Mouth
Coaches are borrowing from the wide-open college game to devise new-look offenses that are spreading the field.
Holy shit!
New Browns Beat Writer Terrell Owens Confirms that Brady Quinn Will Start at QB
Holy shit, we can't bring witnesses who say you are a whore, but you want to be able to bring jaded lovers? 
Runner is a 'hermaphrodite' 
What Does It Mean To Be The Greatest Of All Time? (Michael Jordan Tribute Edition)
Professional Boxer Juan Manuel Marquez Ends All Of His Training Sessions By Peeing Into A Cup And Chugging The Whole Thing [video]
Controversial semifinal ending!  Serena called on second serve foot-fault, then gets a point penalty when she berates the line judge that called it. Loses to unseeded Kim Clijsters (who took two years off to have a child) who is now in the women's final.
Roger Federer's Incredible Shot - US Open Semifinal [Vid]
I think we have a new College Football King of Names: Wisconsin's Nick Toon
Chicago Bears: The Good, The Bad, And The Ugly
10 sick arm wrestling accidents
NFL Week 1 - Tuesday Morning Quarterback
A different approach for College Football: Eliminate the National Championship
Hilarious New Steve Nash Vitaminwater Infomercial
Antwan Odom has  7 sacks in 2 games.  He had 15.5 in the previous 5 years.
Plaxico Burress has been sentenced to two years in prison
After 50 years in baseball, Bobby Cox will retire after next season. 
Tebow shaken up following hard hit
Tim Tebow Injury Video (Word on the Street: Concussion)
Giants run all over Buccaneers 24-0
Eagles OWN the Chiefs Pictures Dang that must have hurt [Damage Pics]
Kenny Rogers Pump Fakes Michael Jordan And Swishes The Jumper. And Yes, This Really Happened. [video]
Rio De Jenairo, Brazil will Host the 2016 Summer Olympics!
10 Reasons Why Rio De Janeiro Is Better Than Chicago
Extreme Sports - Have You Ever Heard of Amateur Rocketry???? It is NOT Just an Explosion!
Top 5 Candidates For New Cleveland Indians Manager
NFL pink cleats idea came from Deangelo Williams
Golf and rugby accepted as Olympic sports 
Remember when NFL Offseason Training included music video production?
Some black players won't play for Rush Limbaugh if he buys Rams 
Phil Cuzzi: worst umpire ever?
32 teams x 53-man roster = 1,696 players - 2 whiners = 1,694 players who are still willing to play for the Rams. Doesn't sound as crushing when you look at actual numbers.
Colts remain perfect, down winless Titans 31-9
The Blackhawks just came back from 5 goals down to beat Calgary in OT...
Wildcat helps Dolphins beat Jets 31-27
Mike Sims-Walker Scratched, Deactivated For Getting Some and Missing Bed Check
Did I Just Hear the Cubs Window Shut?
Joakim Noah's Hair Has Literally Condemned Him To Hell
Bears trade for Former 1st rounder Tampa Bay DE Gaines Adams
StubHub playing tricks on people
UGA student newspaper questions Tim Tebow's virginity
Liverpool vs Manchester United Review! Revenge of the Fallen for United!! Rooney and Fletcher are injured.. Owen will definitely score at Anfield! Read the post for more... 
Benson gets revenge, Bengals drub Bears 45-10
Les Miles kissing another guy on the lips after a game. Is this real? It does not look photoshopped to me.
Byfuglien: Let The Wild Rumpus Start [Blackhawks Commercial]
12 of the all-time worst premature celebrations in sports
Brad Lidge is the Ray Finkle of baseball.  There I said it.
Oh lawdy. He threw 5 INTs.... then on 2 passes he threw 2 touchdowns
DAE think Matsui could have said a few words to the fans in English? He's been with the Yankees for 7 years!
Navy drops trou on Notre Dame in South Bend.  Again.
All 32 NFL QB's and their MLB pitching equivalent
Joakim Noah critic eats his words... literally.
Chicago Bulls Perform 80s Hits [Video]
Dana White: Brock Lesnar may never fight again
Thierry Henry, I'm happy for you and I'ma let you finish, but Diego Maradona had the best handball of all time. OF ALL TIME!
Pro skateboarder ‘Mike V’ identified in fight at the Anaheim Ducks game
Browns' Eric Mangini suggests Lions faked injuries to slow game - USATODAY.com
No. 3 Texas wins a wild one, 49-39 over Texas A&amp;M - College Football - Rivals.com
Tiger Woods Injured In Crash Outside Home

This Is the Hydrant that Tiger Woods Hit | Now you can see why he did it.
NBA.com: Source: With Williams injured, 76ers ponder Iverson reunion
No. 4 TCU wraps up 12-0 season, waits for BCS bid 
Hilarious!  Vince Young torches Arizona with TD pass as time runs out.
What chance do you think the Tennessee Titans have of making the playoffs?
Saints, 10-1, get a beatdown by New England in Opposite Land. 
Does anyone else think the Dr. Lou schtick is fucking stupid? He rarely says anything interesting, and the pretense is goddamn annoying.
Texas makes fieldgoal with 1 second left to beat Nebraska and go to the BCS NCG
The Chicago Blackhawks, as innovative off the ice in their promotional efforts as they are on the ice in terms of winning games and running up points, had a pretty cute idea for an advertising campaign. Leave it to the NFL to act as spoilsports.
Tiger Woods' wife packs kids, Tupperware and moves out?
Oregon coach Chip Kelly is donating an autographed football for my daughter to auction off to raise money to help build a school in The Philippines.  She's in Ecuador now but will be back the day after the Rose Bowl to hold the auction.
Kid Who Can't Play Basketball in Snow is a Pussy (PIC)
We're trying to develop a subreddit for the discussion of the NBA.  Would anyone like to join us?
SI Sportsmen of the Year, 1998. Funny what a decade does....... H/T to Simmons for linking this in his mailbag
Premature 2010 Fantasy Player Rankings: Top 10 Running Backs
Happy holidays from our family to yours...from Lance Armstrong's family
Jaguars Mascot Jaxson Gets Stuck on Zip-line Above Alltel Stadium for Three Minutes (Video)
The Hardest Hit I've Ever Seen In Football [video]
Colts go 14-0
Do SpikeTV Execs Doug Herzog and Kevin Kay Read The Latest Polls?
Chris Henry was not a hero...
Southern Cal suspends three football players for grades while Bush and Mayo investigations march on
7 Insane Goalie Fights (Videos)
The All-Decade Fantasy Football Team
The 50 Most Brutal NFL Hits
Jay Cutler Create a Caption: The Favre Moment
New York Giants fire defensive coordinator Bill Sheridan - ESPN
ESPN apparently likes the Cowboys' chances next week. WTF. Skol Vikings!
Packers vs. Cardinals: Wow.  That is all.
24yr old Milwaukee athelete, Seamus McNamara, becomes first American to play pro-Australian rules Football in 2010 for the most famous Collingwood Magpies. They Call him American Pie Down Under
Chicks May Dig The Steroid-Induced Long Ball, But The American Public Does Not
This explains why the Packers defense gave up 45 pts: defensive coordinator caught sleeping in the press box! 
Bill Simmons: NFL picks for conference championships
Did the players in the Saints/Vikings game eat buttery popcorn right before the game?
Do you guys think the NFL's overtime rules are broken or just fine the way they are now?
Spend Your Money To Pick A New Team For A Scorned Vikings Fan
The Soul of New Orleans: get out the kleenex guys.
Nation Growing Increasingly Distrustful Of NFL Experts
Chad (Esteban) Ochocinco wants to kick in the Pro Bowl
Orlando Magic's Dwight Howard mistakenly throws outlet pass to referee [video]
Hockey referee dies after being hit by puck
Chad Ochocinco Gets Lady Love In Miami (PHOTOS)
Last night's Super Bowl beats MASH finale with 106.5 million viewers
NBC picks ice dancing over U.S./Canada Olympic hockey game.  Yet another reason for me to hate NBC.
Seven Strangest Scenes from Vancouver Opening Ceremony
So, South Korea should have 4 medals, not 2. And America should have 2 and not 4.....Apolo Ohno got REALLY lucky.
Pro Basketball in Bakersfield is an up-close and personal experience. Has any Redditor been to one of these games? Is it as cool as it looks?
NBC, Olympics nicely kill buzz around Ovechkin hit
Suspend Tiger? WTF, since when does getting laid violate the rules of golf? 
North American Hockey&gt;European Hockey
HURRY HARD!!!  How curling has become the best party at the Olympics.
Being Shaun White's double has benefits.
Australia's Channel 9 Morning Show Hosts Demonstrate Wii Curling, Get Very Erotic With Each Other
Chad Ochocinco cannot be fined for Dancing With the Stars 
During halftime of the Trailblazers game, a fan tries to dunk the ball. It doesn't end well.
Quantum Leap Starring Kenny Williams (VID)
Who else here is pumped as hell for NFL free agency to begin?
A college football coach in Texas is backing players accused of removing every copy of a student newspaper from racks around campus because of a front-page article about teammates being arrested on drug charges, according to a police report. 
Babe Ruth is hit by a pitch, old stock footage
Larry Bird/Magic Johnson HBO documentary
Give Ryan Miller a Key to the City
Dear Arizona Cardinals fans:  I'm sorry.  Signed, a Cleveland Browns fan.
Stuck at work? Watch all the NCAAB Tournament games here.
Should Pacman Jones get ANOTHER chance?
Should the NFL have a minor league
Is this the greatest mascot fight of all time?
Josh Smith and Mike Bibby...awkward
Lebron James youngest to 15,000 points
After the first round there are NO perfect brackets on ESPN
Siena's Fran McCaffery signs on as the next basketball coach to be fired by the Iowa Hawkeyes in 2013.
Aldrich declares for 2010 NBA Draft. I saw him at the mall on Sunday with his girlfriend; there was a display car, Maserati, that he spent some time looking at, too much time for someone planning on coming back. That's when I knew. I wish the best of luck, KU will miss him.
“Butler is not an underdog,” Plump said. “As a team, they’re the best team I’ve seen play in the N.C.A.A. tournament this year.”
Awesome Kendo with high speed camera slow motion
Why America hates Duke basketball
Why are so many Duke Blue Devils great in college and awful in the pros? 
The most improbable basketball comeback to win a National Championship and break the other team's 50 game winning streak.
David Wright and The Situation
Michael Jordan is to Sam Bowie as Kevin Durant is to Greg Oden???
You've probably already seen the video of the Texas Stadium (Dallas Cowboys former home) implosion. BUT have you seen it from the INSIDE? [VIDEO]
NFL - Brandon Marshall will be playing in Miami this year, the AFC East is looking very competitive 
Walt Frazier's amazing Caribbean paradise - note to current NBA stars, this is what you can have if you manage your money right! 
A-Rod breaks unwritten baseball rule
Most intense final ever-Partizan scores across the court in 0.5 seconds for the win after Cibona scored at 0.6
Hockey: Tough sport or the toughest sport?
Cleveland Indians Most Hated Team in MLB
LAKERS!!!!
San Jose Fans Throw Spotted Leopard Shark With OOctopus In Its Mouth) On The Ice
PNC Park Sold Out For 'Fan Euthanasia Night'
South Korean Soccer Fans Are Human LCD : Video Gone Viral
Baseball's Older Brothers Have an Edge. A Wall Street Journal analysis of over 300 sets of brothers who've played in the majors found that—by a fairly wide margin—older brothers were superior.
How many of you remember this?
Lakers take 2-0 lead over Suns
Have any other Cavs fans lost faith in Lebron James?
Juan Rivera goes 1 for 4, falls into temporal wormhole. [pic]
People are finally starting to recognize Rajon Rondo as a great point guard.  But did you know he once did a 360 dunk in a game?
Amar'e is a hipster.
Orlando Magic keep their season alive with overtime thriller.  
Flyers knockout Canadiens in 5, are headed to the Stanley Cup
A piece of plastic could bring down the World Cup
Can you name each MLB team, in order of World Series games played?  In under 5 minutes? [Sporcle]
Kansas ticket scandal
18 Breakout Athletes of 2010 (Photos)
Kendrick Perkins just got ejected in the 2nd quarter for complaining about a call with his back turned to the referee... what the fuck?
Perkins' second technical rescinded.
In case you dont have cable TV. TNT.tv is streaming the Lakers vs. Suns right now. It includes a DVR and multiple camera choices.
Check out how much this Stephen Strasburg rookie card is selling for on ebay right now...
Roy Halladay pitches perfect game:  20th in MLB history.
So did Halladay throw a perfect game or something?
IF Bosh, James, Wade, Johnson, and Stoudemire were to sign with the same team I do not think they would be as dominant as everyone believes.
The 2010 NCAA Baseball Championship Bracket has been released
Lakers vs Celtics
Gasol gives a Nazi salute! Continues rich Spanish tradition.
Nike will release a new shoe for every city Lebron James visits on his free agency tour. The date of the visit will be printed on each shoe. This is so incredibly stupid and proves how much of a media hog this guy really is.. 
Abby Sunderland, 16, is feared lost at sea today in her attempt to become the youngest sailor ever to circumnavigate the globe
This is What Motivates Brazilian Soccer To Be So Good (Pic)
I never really understood the 'Win Probability Added' statistic in baseball, until now
20 Pronger (is Gay!)
Oh hey L.A. beat Bost--wait....
OK people, Spain is about to play their first game. The beautiful game begins!
Hey CELTICS fans going to game 7 - here's an idea - how about chanting Katelyn Faber during the game?  Or maybe just FA-BER, FA-BER, FA-BER...
South African Vuvuzela Philharmonic Angered By Soccer Games Breaking Out During Concerts
I can't say I am surprised; N. Korea loses to Brazil and now 4 N. Korean players go missing.... 
USA VS Slovenia - 2-2 - The ref blew the game
DAE think Tiger will be scanning the gallery nervously today waiting for children to come forth offering him a Happy Father's Day card?
Why soccer in its current state will never be popular in the United States.
Athletes that should have thrown in the towel, folded, hit the road, or just simply retired much sooner.
Anyone remember Sports Night? 11 years ago there was an episode where they covered a tennis match that wouldn't end
Excuse me officer, could you by any chance tell me what the score of the game is? (pic)
World Cup Knockout Bracket
Federer - technology would solve World Cup rows 
Capriati recovering after 'accidental overdose' 
The King [aka King James] Is Seeking a Throne
A better view of Capdevila's acting, which cost Ricardo Costa the red card, in one of the worst refereed matches 
Kobayashi may not participate in this years hot dog eating contest.
Remember the football player and the cheerleader who got engaged at the end of the Boise State/Oklahoma game in 2007? They received death threats.
Incredible World Cup Quarterfinal Sees Argentina 0-4 Germany
David Villa's winner gave Spain a 1-0 victory over Paraguay and booked a semi-final clash with Germany, in what will be a repeat of the Euro 2008 final.
It's do-or-die time for the Lakers 
I think its humorous how many smart people on Reddit think ESPN shouldn't be showing Lebron's Decision on air and chastise Lebron for doing it (even if its for charity) 
Bill Simmons: Twenty-three random thoughts before LeBron makes his choice.
World Cup Ball Gets Red Card From NASA Researchers
Lebron James to join Chris Bosh and Dwayne Wade in Miami next season
No...just...no...
This is what happens when Ichiro comes in contact with people
What kind of man arranges and stars in a nationally televised infomercial during which he kicks his hometown to the curb? 
LeBron James: welcome to the Punk Hall of Fame
Now Available, Cleveland Fans: Lebron Toilet Paper 
To Cleveland Fans: This.
Paul Predicted Spain as the Winner of the World Cup 2010! What do you say about it?
Man tries to grab World Cup trophy before final [w PIC]
Astros hire this guy to be batting coach, teach proper batting stance. 
One picture is worth a thousand words.
ugly substance ... clunky ... that's Spain ... did she even watch the match?
Oh. That hurts 2
George Steinbrenner just died.
George Steinbrenner's dead
Erin Andrews and Marissa Miller at the ESPYs.  That is all.
John Daly gets drunk, shoots 66 at British Open
PAC 10 Gets A New Logo
Fuck yeah!
This is the best team ever (pic)
'Major League' Manager Lou Brown Passes Away at Age of 70.  
Joakim Noah Spotted In His Natural Habitat: Shopping For Bongs [pic]
I guess the Lakers are officially the Yankees of the NBA.  God, I hate the Lakers.
Just what we want Ron Artest to be doing 
I did not know Stacy Keibler could sell like that.
Dez Bryant refuses to carry Roy Williams pads. Will not be part of rookie hazing he says.
Edgy, Naked, microsite ad campaign for Vibram 
Five Fingers Bikila released -- You are the 
technology [NSFW]
Is it possible that it is Delonte West's fault that LeBron is no longer in Cleveland?  It's definitely possible... He was already crazy though and here's why...
Bill Simmons says baseball is boring because his team is in third.
I would probably let him play through.
When cheating goes terribly wrong caught on camera...
NCAA Football pre-season poll is out
Isiah Thomas Rehired by Knicks. How can this not work?
Tim Tebow has a new terrible haircut.
49ers' Glen Coffee, 23, abruptly decides to retire
Common sense not in golf's rulebook
Rex Ryan gives a great motivational speech on Hard Knocks [Foul Language, NSFW]
The Goal
Who else wishes they did Hard Knocks for every professional sport?
MLB Power Rankings: Who is the best team in baseball right now? The worst?
Cubs lose a good player and a class guy
As a Jet fan...I hate Jet fans.
Australian Rules Football is the greatest sport in the world. Check out this contender for mark of the year
Worst call ever? Great job Joe Buck...
La Russa, Pujols to attend Glenn Beck rally 
How Losing Is A Profitable Game In Baseball 
You are now keenly aware that the MLB logo is a duck with a long tail trying to eat some food.
LeBron James makes $45,000 after the following...
Got a spare $15,000 laying around? If so, you can afford 1 ticket for the Chicago Blackhawks next season.
Most lopsided baseball trades; too bad all the trades in football are based around draft picks...
In case the Tebow hate hasn't reached a new level -- here's the trailer for the actual Tebow movie.  Sadly, not a parody.  [vid]
I hope this isn't offensive but can we stop the New Orleans circlejerk?
Seven years of Football Outsiders research condensed into about 30 easily digested brain nuggets
Can you do this?
Oregon's LaMichael James's breathtaking 72 yard TD-run against Tennessee.
2010 NFL Season Kicks Off on SIRIUS XM Sept. 9 - MarketWatch
Andrew Flintoff to call time on cricket career
For you college football fans come join us in IRC at irc.freenode.net #redditcfb
Come back here after Arkansas beats Alabama this afternoon and talk about how great Arkansas played
Florida QB Trey Burton has a 452.80 QB Rating
Ridiculous interception during a Division III college football game
NFL Live fail: 'The Herminator'
Goalkeeper has on-field meltdown after 2nd major blunder in a week
Jim Mora throw temper tantrum during an interview because he is no longer relevant 
Reggie Bush Steps Up and Goes Down
Fuck Fox. The Braves, Bobby Cox's Last Game, Will Not Be Aired on Dish Network. 
Okay, it's the Wizards. And it's a scrimmage.  But this 360 degree layup by John Wall is pretty impressive.
In the interest of keeping my 0.20 point lead in my yahoo fantasy league, I hope Tom Brady gets hurt (at least the flu).  No more completed passes!!!!!!!!
Moss to Vikes? Unintended tweet sets the rumor mill a-churning.
This is why I love soccer, Bolivian President Evo Morales kicks a player in the groin during a friendly
Lost, Chicago Bears Offensive Line
Best sports headline ever. No, really.
Vince Young: What I've Learned
So the woman who accused the NY Jets of harassment calls a press conference to say that she doesn't want increased publicity. Because that makes sense.
Kobe and MJ hooking up on an alley oop? Coolest sports commercial on TV
I vote that the NFL changes roughing the passer to roughing the pussy.
Go Duuuuuuucks!! 
I don't think I have ever been to a more exciting event than this.
Just a reminder to SF Giants fans, before you get to excited about the World Series, remember your team is cursed!
Worse than Joe Buck
The Chargers are #1 in total offense and #1 in total 
defense.  They are 3-5.
Holy Balls, The Vikings Just Waived Randy Moss
Seriously, what the fuck? Why do NFL and MLB and NBA winners get referred to as World Champions when they are only American Champions? How arrogant is that? Especially as our MLB players aren't at all dominant in the Olympics. It is so dumb/fake.
Please stop with the World Series posts. The Giants won. We get it.
A Tribute to Slow Motion in Sports 
Wolverines win it in triple overtime!!! go blue!!!
Chilean miner Edison Pena finishes the NYC Marathon in 5:40:51. His charisma and inner strength are amazing.
Sportscenter on the Vikings Game
If I Had One Piece Of Advice For Today's Youth...
MLB Postseason:  A Decade In Pictures (Yankee FAIL Edition)
We won't lay down like Dallas
Who else here listens to sports radio? Who's your favorite personality?
Wisconsin has record setting game in 83-20 win over 
Indiana without their top running back.
Are you sure the basketball team didn't play...........?
Jets-Browns game shows that the coin-toss OT system actually does work.
It's basically the best hail mary you'll ever see.
I'm not an Auburn fan, but how the hell are they still ranked #2?
For the first time in the 90 year history of the NFL. A QB went ape-shit.
Crappy Photoshop, but it gets the point across :) [PIC]
LeBron, you are no Muhammad Ali. Take your shoes and go home.
Does anyone actually give a fuck about this?
did anyone else think this was the greatest NBA game ever?
Wow - Great ad placement ESPN.com
Evolutionary psychologist predicted Tony Parker/Eva Longoria split in 2009. There is absolutely no point in working very hard all his life to become a top NBA star if he has to limit himself to one mate at a time. 
I am a Bulls fan, and I think that Derrick Rose is in the conversation for top three players in the league.  Am I just wrong because of bias?
So... Blake Griffin just put up 44-15-7
Hahahaha, some jack ass fan ran across the Jets field, hilarious, have not seen that in a while!  Keep in classy NY!
Favre: Fantasy Killer
Stay Classy, New York Post
Brad Childress to return to his former job.
Poor tackling and Manning miscues allow Patriot escape - dirty hit sidelines Collie again
NBA Lockout Highly Probable.  DAE think that pro sports players saying things like We don't want to have a deal that's just not fair is completely ridiculous?
So are we just going to make 10 posts whenever the Heat lose a game? 
The Texas Longhorns finish their season 5-7.  So WhyTF did the remainder of the Big 12 want to pay them so much money to stay a few months ago?
Michael Jordan's response to Lebron - Nike ad mashup
LeBron intentionally bumps Heat coach Eric Spoelstra?   
Can the sports sub reddit finally cool off on Michael Vick being shoe in for the MVP?
DAE just catch the SD Super Chargers theme song on SNF?  Best fight song in the league!
A short film about Doc Ellis Pitching a no-hitter against the San Diego Padres...while high on LSD.
The Cavaliers are now legally probing Heat's signing of Lebron. I think it may be time to move on.
Help /r/sports! I am being stalked by my psycho ex from an old relationship and I need some advice!
Russia gets cup (or we break your legs and you no play futbol).
Ebay Find: Quarterback 6'6 250 lb elusive *Great Liar*
Choice of Russia and Qatar as hosts raises questions of FIFA integrity
On Cam Newton- The NCAA just ruled that as long as the player denies he knew anything about being shopped around – even by someone as close as his own father – then there is no penalty. 
Cavs season is over.
WAAAAAARRRRRR EAAAAGGGGGGLLLLLLLLE!!!!!!!!
Turn out the Lights, the parties over...Don Meredith dies 
my thoughts exactly on the pats vs jets game
Dandy Don died Sunday at the age of 72.
I am not a Patriots fan, but they are looking on point tonight I gotta say, damn.
Older video but no less applicable today. One of the reasons for the NE Patriots success is a member of their coaching staff who has more Superbowl rings than Bill Belichick.
I agree: Peyton Manning has earned more respect than he seems to be getting from his own spoiled fan base
A thunderous dunk on slacktivism: Ron Artest to donate salary to mental health charity.
Buuuuut they still wont beat the Lakers...or the Celtics...or maybe even the Magic
This guy asks the question that is really on everyones mind. Les Miles handles it like a man.
Congratulations George Karl
DAE think its absolute bullshit that players can basically refuse to be traded someplace?
Can we give credit where credit is due? A pro athlete who went where his heart told him to go.. Bravo Cliff Lee
It's the Jay Feely show!
This pic of Lebron and Wade is exactly what makes me hate the Heat
Blake Griffin does a 360 layup while being hacked against the Pistons. He seems unstoppable.
Hakeem Knicks shows how fast his hands are
Privatize College Football? 
Be For Real is a new Social Network for athletes. Join, browse, and grow as an athlete and get exposure in the best all-in-one athletic site on the web!
This is part of why Brady is the best. Always unselfish and always puts the team first.
Obama jinxes Mike Vick.
 Bo, the white house dog, response to the President's endorsement of a puppy strangler
For all of those hating on the NFC West...
I deleted my ESPN bookmark and replaced it with SI
Brett Favre is sitting out Minnesota's game at Detroit, meaning the 41-year-old quarterback's career apparently ends with him on the sideline.


Cleveland Browns: Stink, Stank, Stunk.
Giants aren't in the playoffs with a 10-6 record but either STL or Seattle will be in with a 7-9 record it doesn't seem fair. 
I wonder how many NY Giant and Bucs fans will be crying about how the playoffs rules are broken today
WTF.....Again. Why do I keep falling short!
Adam Schefter’s Regrettable Reaction to Firing of Eric Mangini [video]
Lebron James Bans The Stanford Band From Playing At Halftime of The Orange Bowl Because They Were Going To Make Fun Of Him 
Here is a breakdown of which non-playoff NFL fan bases should be optimistic and which ones should be pessimistic heading into the offseason. 
Tom Brady digs the Razor scooter
DAE think that Rex Ryan should shut the hell up?
Holla at me SkyCam
Marshawn Lynch was pretty awesome, but who saw Ovechkin's sick sideways move last night?
I live in Oregon..I am spending ALL day pissing of my social network..WAR EAGLE! :)
Carolina Panthers Unable To Stretch Season Highlight DVD Beyond Two Minutes 
They call me Jolly Rancher
Top 10 white NFL tailbacks since 1980.....wait.....there's been 10 of them?
NFL pre-game shows are a waste of time and make us all lesser people
Hey Seattle I Found A Name For Marshawn Lynch's Run: Bohemian Rhapsody
Can You Hear Me Now? Why I was able to pick the Jets over the Patriots. Am I the only one who remembers?
Fuck this shit, I am NEVER buying Avery.
Gil Meche says No thanks to $12 million.  
Blake Griffin to Blake Griffin-- He misses the layup and jams it back in for the dunk of the night.  
No Sun-Times, it is not a war, not a battle, it is a football game. 
Guy gets hit in the balls while pole vaulting in the Olympics. Ouch!
Blake Griffin grabs the sick transition alley-oop from Eric Bledsoe
Twitter kills Jay Cutler (question is: should it have?)
Did anyone else just see Mendy hump Roethlisberger on that first kneel down?
F-A-I-L Fail Fail Fail!!
Does anybody have a picture of any of the New York Jets crying after the game?  
Is It Better Or Worse That The Jew York Jets Typo Happened In Kentucky?
I am a Jets, Mets and Knicks fan. AMA
Good Depiction of the Bears Day on Sunday. 
Dear Jay Cutler... signed, Papa Bear George S. Halas 
What's the funniest Ben Roethlisberger joke you heard over the weekend when the Steelers played the Jets? 
Honestly I don't understand why everyone is saying that the NBA is boring right now.
Mick Vick helmet cam. They need to use this more often.
Yankees to Rangers: Get off 'welfare,' and then talk trash.
First time Super Bowl viewers: How do I keep them interested in the game?
He's flying into Dallas, thumbing yo' people up...
The Super Bowl: a magnet for the under-age sex trade
Blake Griffin Disembowels Kyle Korver (Video And Reaction)
Dear Mickey,
Stop the Abuse of Young Women Sewing T-Shirts for the NFL - In near 100 degree heat, with only contaminated drinking water nearby, women work 60-hour weeks sewing the NFL fan jerseys. These abused El Salvadorean sweatshop workers see only 8 cents of the $25 a pop you shell out to display team pride.
If white sports fans paint their faces black for a game is that racist?
Worst. Halftime. Show. Ever.
If the Green Bay Packers are World champions, what does the N stand for in NFL?
Nobody asked Hitler what he thought about the Black Eyed Peas during the halftime show.
NFL knew about Super Bowl seating issue last week
Why do Americans think the Super Bowl is both all-American ritual and a global event shared by all of humanity?
Blake Griffin grabs the backdoor alley-oop from Baron Davis and throws it down on Ryan Anderson.  
Blake Griffin Dunk Challenge - The last guy has some serious moves
14 Year Old Jamar Ergas Can Jump Out of the Gym.  VIDEO of Him Dunking Like Crazy
Aww poor Lebron, how dare someone ever heckle you.
The history that happened between Cav wins
I realize reddit is not a hotbed for Nascar fans, but tonights race has solidified an anti-competitive rule that has taken years to come into play.
Washington Redskins defensive tackle Albert Haynesworth has been formally charged with misdemeanor assault stemming from a road rage incident earlier this month.
 Truly hilarious. US Soccer Player Clint Dempsey aka Deuce: Don't Tread Rap Video.
Et tu Favre? Forsberg retires after playing 35 minutes.
Under Armour  signs former Auburn quarterback Cam Newton to $1 million-plus deal
Another eye-popping dunk by Blake Griffin last night. This guy is unlike anything I've ever seen before.
DAE know that Cleveland actually won a 
championship recently
Brady's agent proposes compromise on 18-game season
Video: Wade hits LeBron for a full-court alley-oop [unreal].
Homeschooled Iowa wrestler pulls out of high school tournament because he wrestling a girl went against his religious beliefs
Ranking the NFL Stadiums
Pool dive
Bayne wins the Daytona 500.  It his is 1st ever win in his 2nd race.  He turned 20 yesterday.  
Cubs Using Derek Jeter on Billboard to Sell Tix
TIL Scottie Pippen was actually the first to dunk from the actual free throw line. (only an inch or two off)
Don't forget to buy your Cubs tickets, so you can see... wait, why is Derek Jeter on that billboard?
Genius Loves Company in N.B.A. Balance of Power
How to make the NBA better? Each team has the option to deny all fouls called on them while in possession of the ball for the last minute of the game.
Japanese Football
NBA 1987 commercial It's FANtastic featuring Jordan, Bird, Ewing and more to some Hall and Oates 
Wrestlers May Have Been Exposed to Skin Herpes
Who Should be the Miami Heat's Alpha Dog? Lebron or Wade?
Jack Edwards play-by-play announcer at his finest
Opinions remain mixed on New England's controversial new signing
Q. The Smartest Team In Baseball?
A. The Tampa Bay Rays
Greg Anthony: sorry, but you're an idiot.
Virginia Tech Denied Again By The Selection Committee...
March Madness begins! OSU is the favorite! Go 
Buckeyes!
NY has 6 professional sports teams...
Best way to stream NCAA tourny games at work?
All 68 NCAA Tournament Teams Ranked by Their Best Drunk College Food
Is anyone else sick of the officials always checking the clock multiple times when a close game is coming to an end?
TIL at age 18, Ken Griffey, Jr. attempted suicide. 
This will forever live in infamy in the minds of Longhorns fans [pic]
FLORIDA STATE! NOOOO
This represents my hopes for tonight's U of A vs UCONN
CBS sports must be stopped. 
VCU fans rioting after the Kansas upset. Truly some wonderful peers.
That's odd. I was calling everyone that every time St Johns would lose as well
A great (and very candid) interview with Mike Tyson regarding Charlie Sheen, what made him humble, and other things... made me realize the guy's human, and has learned from the mistakes he's made.
Jalen Rose arrested for DUI
Ohio State fan?
How I Feel About Opening Day.
Dear God why is this becoming a trend?
Major League Baseball has started - do you know where all the stadiums are located?
Wow - Butler back for the NCAA championship game, two years in a row!
surprise, the yankees are cheaters! 
Baseball should make them forfeit first game.
The Game Was Ugly, But UConn’s Defense Was Legendary
Augusta is still a pretty terrible place. We just choose to ignore the bad parts.
Kronum: The Unholy Basketball/Quidditch/Soccer Mashup
The 25 Most Terribly Awesome ESPN Baseball Head Shots [WARNING: Prepare to crap your pants from laughter]
Kobe Bryant's on screen slur costs him 100k? 
Last Pick Of WNBA Draft Earns Title Of Saddest Woman In America
Reason number one why the Coyotes are most likely leaving Phoenix [PIC]
I know it's only 15 games but...How?!
Aroldis Chapman just broke his own record for the fastest pitch thrown in baseball history - 106 MPH
As a Bruins fan, I just want to say Montreal... you are a good team and i'm starting to apreciate you guys more......
Patrick Kane No Longer Able To Play With Blackhawks After Dad Gets New Job In Boise
The Blackhawks send it to OT, but the Vancouver Canucks prevail and send the defending champs home!
Peyton Hillis wins Madden 12 vote
Judge denies NFL's request for a stay: let the free agency begin!
People always ask why Americans think soccer is boring, but I'd like to ask the opposite question...
The Draft Philosophies of 8 NFL Teams
with their final pick, the bills draft this hulking beast
Just got this shirt today, it was very controversial amongst my friends.
Hadn't heard that one, ESPN...
Kobe Bryant &gt; Michael Jordan? 
Be honest, did any of you know Durant had all these tattoos?
I love that dirty water...
Ohio State’s Compliance Staff Investigating “At Least 50″ Automobile Sales To Athletes and Their Families
Is anyone watching Baseball Tonight right now (6pm Central)? This piece glorifying Phillies fans is absolutely abhorrent.
Even the Rondo heroism couldn't lead the Celtics to a tied series. Boozer needs to play well again so the Bulls can get this thing over in 6
In light of the recent Laker playoff violence, which basketball player (current or historical) would you pick in an NBA brawl regardless of your opinion of them?
This is a name that will get you stopped at Airport Security...
Chad Ochocinco(Johnson) barely makes it out of the gate...please play football or retire and do w/e you want
The Thunder officially have the nerdiest stars in the NBA
Hey Nadal, will you marry me?? //Hey Steffi, will you marry me??
Scumbag Jeter
Pure Jubilation!
This pretty much summarizes my childhood
Aaron Rodgers snuck his way into a ton of Captain's Pics in his first 3 years with the Packers
Canucks Fan Flashes Breasts at SJ Penalty Box
I'm not that big a basketball fan but even I can appreciate some of these - Rose highlights
Onion Sportsdome.  Go find, download, and watch the first TV episode.  Then thank me with your upvotes.  
Things like this would never happen in sports today
Man Dirk, you on fire, lemme get a touch of that hand
Despite all of the controversy surrounding him, this is an incredibly classy gesture by Barry Bonds
Hey mom,
So last night, I caught one of Buster Posey's last foul balls for a while. (xpost from baseball)
I may be alone on this, but I don't think there is anyway the Heat won't win the NBA Championship 
Lebron is one smug bastard
Worst Choke of All Time
For all the ZombieSonics fans out there:  Blue Scholars + Sonicsgate present *Slick Watts* (featuring THE Slick Watts) | A day in the life of Seattle without the SuperSonics
New tell-all ESPN book could be one of the most important sports books ever
Tennis players out there, this was pretty cool. 
Holy Crap!! ESPN finally has embedded comment replies! 
I see what you did there, Yahoo!
Hey r/sports, what are the most overrated sports plays that you can think of?  Mine submission is the Willie Mays over-the-shoulder catch...
TIL that Brett Favre was the guy who started 'Planking'.
Based on the last two turnovers by LeBron James...
TT rider Derek Brien died after a high-speed crash at the 2011 Isle of Man TT Races
Bruins topple the Canucks
Matt Leinart On USC Losing Its 2004 BCS National Championship: I don't think anyone can really take that championship away
If people hate the Heat so much, why do opposing fans stay after their team loses to take pics of the Big 3 walking into the locker room?
Terrell Pryor is Ending His Career at OSU
Guess who i'm not voting for next year
Lingerie Football? Yes Please
TIM THOMAS Fights ALEXANDRE BURROWS, Thomas has enough of his crap Game 4 
Lebron is the only player who can have a triple double and have it called underperforming
It must be the fourth quarter
I still have as many rings as Lebron.
Tomorrow is Lebron day in Dallas...
DAE take immense joy in watching Chris Bosh collapse in the tunnel crying after losing to the Mavs tonight?
Every time I see Dirk Nowitzki...
Wow, why do American sports fans hate LeBron James so much?
Are you sure you want to quit?
Dirk Nowitzki...like a BOSS
That was quick...DeShawn Stevenson arrested for public intoxication.
Now begins the worst time of the year for sports
Can't wait for Moneyball, the movie.  Here's the trailer.
Dallas Mavericks' Epic Motion for Summary Judgment Against an Ongoing Suit Claiming Failure of Management
Ron Artest files petition to change name to Metta World Peace
Who is the most admirable active athlete?
Ryan Mallet makes perfect sense at the Pats...Have fun with his awesome talent.
Is anyone interested in old ESPN The Magazine issues?
Why is flopping so prevalent in soccer? And why are we the only country to realize this and be disguisted by it?
Please don't be that guy. Please.
TIL Peyton Manning is a crazed time traveler who played with Jackie Robinson
Women's World Cup.  It's kind of a big deal.
Guy wants to open a sports bar named Buck Foston's, but says the town mayor isn't letting him...because he's a Sox fan.
Klitschko beats Haye by unanimous decision. Klitschkos continue their dominance of the heavyweight division. 
TIL what Juan Pierre used to look like
Spectator causes crash on first day of 2011 Tour de France
Mika Myllylä is dead
Tiger Woods Says He’ll Skip British Open Because of Knee, Ankle Injuries.
I met All Black's coach Graham Henry tonight. This is how it went
For those as annoyed as I am with the coverage of The Quest for 3000: The Jeter Filter!
Joe Flacco's wedding photo, that is all.
How I Feel About The Japanese Women's Soccer Team
What's on your mind r/sports?
Pic at Ballpark in Arlington at a Rangers game I was at earlier this year. This is the gap Shannon Stone fell in. I remember looking down there and thinking, dang thats dangerous.
NBA Trade Machine goes full retard
Kenny Powers: MFCEO - before you say anything, prepare to shut the fuck up
It's set! USA vs. Japan in the Women's World Cup Final! 2:45PM EST || July 17, 2011
I was watching Around the Horn today and...is it me or do Bob Ryan and Jimmy Carter look exactly alike?
Tevez: “Football Did Not or I’d be in Jail or Dead.Carlos Tevez, the start of football is out of jail, drugs, and worse yet is saved from death, he said. Manchester City star Argentine Carlos Tevez, football is his life in prison, drugs and believes in what he saved from death.


Deron Williams signs with Turkish club.
How inarticulate and awkward is the female announcer from the Women's Wold Cup?
VIDEO: Ridiculous 19th Inning Call To End Braves/Pirates Game
Ever seen a pair of blue jays do the bunny hop?
If soccer actually had more contact like this, it wouldn't be seen as a sissy sport
Indians have deal in works for Ubaldo Jimenez and win in grand fashion tonight. Good day to be a fan.
Should Basketball be widely considered America's National Sports instead of Baseball?
Bring back the NBA
SportsPickle: 10 Worst Trades in World History
Eagles sign RB Ronnie Brown
Crowd gasps as Stan Van Gundy shows off some dribbling skills.
Tony LaRussa - Big Douche or Biggest Douche?
Good to see Harry Dunne and Lloyd Christmas playing in the same pairing at Bridgestone today
Why being a fan of American soccer is the best: If we win we get to gloat how we beat other countries in their game, if we lose we just laugh and say soccer sucks and we couldn've won if our best athletes played.
Chad Ochocinco says he will live with a fan for the first few weeks of the season
CFB Offseason Review: IN MS PAINT

Is there an athlete that you flat out could not accept if they were traded to your team?
If you're a ManU fan, you'll love this picture
Ultimate Batting Practice 
Patriots crush Jaguars 47-12; start answering some questions
Kendrick Perkins arrested for drunken behavior at night club, while in town hosting a camp to help teach children life skills
Evolution of NBA Team Logos
Proposed rule change aims to allow schools to provide student athletes cream cheese and jelly with their bagels. 
Are there any gay football/baseball/basketball players?
Georgetown Hoyas, Chinese professional team game ends in brawl - ESPN
Huge fight between Georgetown University and Chinese National Basketball Teams
American College redditors; who else has seen athletes with stuff too nice for the average collegiate?
Former Price-is-Right Model to race in Nascar's Nationwide race.
Larry Fitzgerald Agreeing to a Pact Worth a Mere 12 Million Dollars?
Get Ready To Have Your Life Taken Over With FIFA 2012 
Charles Woodson's amazing interception 
Dear ESPN, we really don't give as much of a fuck about the east coast as you think we do.
Save the quarterbacks?  Does anyone else think this guy has something here?
hey sporttit, I made a subreddit for obscure sports :D r/theocho
Cuban Dayron Robles disqualified for holding Liu Xiang in 110m Hurdles Final at World Championship 
What if Michael Vick were a Japanese tentacle alien?
Dunkin on Giraffes, yo.
is it wrong to laugh at this? (NSFA - not safe for Asians)
No water after a race?
I love tennis
Jerome Williams: The Giants called me ‘Jeremy’ for two years
Seriously, does anyone like Lou Holtz?
To all the Colts fans out there...not trying to be racist but...
Looks like the players in the MLS are a lot better than I expected
Thanks to a 14-year-old’s letter, you can play EA Sports NHL 12 as a female
Some Very Special MMA Fans [gif]
The NFL and New York Jets flawless and touching 9/11 tribute from inside the stadium (xpost from r/nfl)
RB Jones Transfers from A&amp;M. Wait for it...... Hilarity continues in comments.
How the FUCK does this website keep ending up at the top of search results? Stop. Reading. These. Idiots.
Floyd Mayweather Jr is Pretty Much a Dick
NY Giants Michael Boley Celebrates Touchdown By Hitting Two Men In The Face With The Football
Now THESE are hops... holy shit
The most gutless TD celebration you will ever see...
Charles Barkley Calls Dwyane Wade a Whiny Bitch 
Does it seem ironic that football pundits are complaining about the NFL becoming a flag football league, and then being cool with the Giants flopping to stop the no huddle?
You know how Fox Football seems to have a disconnect with the dancing robots etc... maybe it's because they're broadcasting from West Los Angeles (110 miles from the nearest NFL stadium)
Matt Cassel fumbles after another interception
Kenya's Makau breaks marathon world record by 21 seconds, completing the race in 2:03:38
Hardest football hits of all time. Nasty.
Much more on the line for Redskins, who could go 3-0, than for the Cowboys, who are doomed to muddle through the season
One of the greatest plays I have ever been apart of.
Manny Pacquiao opens training in the mile-high city of Baguio
If you don't know the rules of Rugby, you will now
In your opinion, which sport is more difficult to perform? Baseball or Soccer[Football]
The Lions are the first team in NFL history to erase 20-plus point deficits in consecutive weeks.
11 y/o RB too good for little league.
6 Right-Wing Sports Team Owners Bankrolling Their Radical Agenda With Your Tax Dollars
Top Ten Biggest Soccer Stadiums in the World
VERY appropriate.
as a minnesota sports fan right now i cant be more excited
Welp, now I know what my Halloween costume will be.
These two should call every game of every sport.
NBA starts canceling games....probably not gonna have a season
In honor of Cruz's walk off grand slam.
LeBron thinking NFL? Or just stirring up some controversy? 
Kobe says that Kwame Brown once told him not to pass to him in the waning seconds of a close game.
ATTN OK REDDITORS: NBA Exhibition COMING TO OKC NEXT WEEK!! Lebron, Durant, Melo, Chris Paul, and Blake Griffin. UPVOTE THE HELL OUT OF THIS OK'ers!!!
The Year of The Napoli
How I feel being from Dallas.
Eagles team doctors found a brain tumor while examining RB Jerome Harrison 
Golfer? Track your handicap, add scores, and challenge your friends online to see who rules the green!
Theo Epstein officially resigns as Red Sox GM
Texas Tech vs. OU
Michael Beasley weighs in on the NBA lockout: Fighting over 3 percent, that's kind of retarded to me. 
Tim Tebow: He's gonna eat your babies
NBA's Loss Could Be the NHL's Gain: the Toronto Star Sits Down with Reddit's Favorite Hockey Bloggers, What the Hell is Icing
West Virginia is heading to the Big 12
Big 12 Decides To Add West Virginia, Not Louisville To The Conference
Teen gets 27 assault counts for handshake line pin pricks
gary thorne vs. the world
Haha, the Texas Rangers have to feel like the dopiest bunch of dopes to ever play the game. The Cardinals begged them to win last night...
Say goodbye to one of the greatest fighters in MMA history - THANK YOU MIRKO CROCOP!
Why isn't anyone talking about how big of a choke job this was for the Rangers???
Just sitting down to grab a bite to eat at my local Buffalo Wild Wings, SUDDENLY LARRY O'BRIEN TROPHY!
Stay classy Penn State
The Moral Irresponsibility Of Joe Paterno
Fuck Da Hatas
The 7 Most Bizarre Sports Rituals in the World
Due to the NBA lockout, some guy took it upon himself to simulate the NBA season. Even has live commentary. Pretty ridiculous (and awesome).
Living a Lie: The disgusting and horrifying spectacle at Penn State is a cautionary tale about what can happen to someone when you indulge his selfishness and egomania to the extent that PSU in particular and the national sports media in general have indulged Joe Paterno’s over the past few years.
Why is it that rich sports franchise owners continually ask the public to pay for their new stadiums? 
When the #2 team loses to the #1 team in overtime, why does the #2 team drop in the standings?
Nickelback is trying to ruin your Thanksgiving.
Holy Shit! look at Torry Holt's finger
Second Mile’s Tax Records: ESPN’s Weepy Matt Millen Was Listed In 2009, 2010 As A Director At Sandusky’s Charity
What a great fight!
Sanduskying = ...
Penn State's history of cover ups and asshatery.  Paterno's comments here show why the whole culture stinks and that PSU already knew this.
Mike and Mike, put on a God Damn suit when you're hosting Sportscenter!
The Penn State scandal and sports in America
Why does ESPN simply never talk about Chicago sports?
Justin Verlander unanimously wins Cy Young award
Highlights from Slovenia 2-3 USA match.
Manchester United signs a 5 year old. That's right. Charlie Jackson is only 5 (FIVE) years old.

I wish this sport had more visibility
Ever seen a chick streak? Guys aren't the only ones who streak at games.
TEBOW.  THAT'S WHAT'S UP.
Okla. State women's hoops coach Kurt Budke killed in plane crash
What is one sport you actually dislike? Not that you don't care about, one that you really don't care for?
who would think carson palmer woul look so good so soon? Be honest. 
Why does everyone hate Sidney Crosby?
Rex Ryan fined $75,000 for swearing at fan 
Someone tell this man to stop tying such ridiculously large knots in his tie.  
Ndamukong Suh actually said he didn't do any of that on purpose!  Wow!
I know he's nasty, but you gotta admit that Suh is a dirty player
How the BCS National Championship Game will be made
Scumbag sportscenter......
Erik Walden of Green Bay Packers arrested for domestic battery
WWE: CM Punk vs. Dolph Ziggler or CM Punk vs. The Miz, Which Do You Prefer?
DAE cringe every time they hear someone say the one foot line? There's no line there...
Stevie Johnsons mocks Plaxico Burress in TD celebration
CBS definitely showed the San Diego kicker pissing on the sidelines.
BC Lions winning the Grey Cup. Some mock the CFL, but goddamn what a great game this was.
Big Ten pays fans $75 to attend championship game
Bruins Sign Krejci to a Three-Year Contract Extension
That was quick. ESPNU has removed the Paterno reference from its PSU logo, mere hours after I brought it up
 Bobby Valentine thanks Red Sox ownership for giving their blessing to Ben Cherington
What Tim Tebow Can't Do
How I feel when I hear Tim Tebow is doing well in the NFL (as a FSU fan)
Scumbag coach
Drogba double helps Chelsea into last 16
NBA Commissioner David Stern has killed the Lakers deal for Chris Paul
How can David Stern say LBJ and Bosh to the Heat is fair but CP3 to the Lakers isn't?
Tebow Time! [ink]
Awesome student cheering tradition 
In honor of Brandon Roy's retirement I give you the clutchest ending to any basketball game ever IMO
All that is wrong with the world as a bears fan
Photoshop Request: Jesus with Tebow's left arm and Prater's right leg. 
Virgin-My-Ass Tebow
Scumbag Tebow
Miami looking into Les Miles for Coaching Job [ESPN Insider]
Patrick Kane's insane shootout goal (12/14)
Barry Bonds sentenced to 30 days house arrest and 2 years probation for obstruction of justice. Hopefully and end to hall of fame hopes
No. 1 Syracuse Not Leaving Scandal Be a Distraction On The Basketball Gield
What my cousin posted before the Broncos-Patriots game
One of these things is not like the other...
2012 Lacrosse All-Name Team
The power is out at...wait for it...Candlestick Park
Bon Jovi is dead...set your playlists to  Dead or Alive
5 Breakout NBA Players to Watch For [ESPN Insider]
Award-winning sports columnist Bill Conlin retired from the Philadelphia Daily News amid sex abuse allegations
How I feel about seeing my hockey/football fantasy leagues light up with injuries
Mayweather gets 90 days in jail!
Barcelona had 71% possession against Santos in the club world cup
It's shit like this football ( soccer ) 
Is there really any viable alternative to ESPN, or even just SportsCenter?
This was a damn fantastic goal... if only it was in the other teams
Insane Interception
Drew Brees breaks Dan's passing record
I love Drew Brees... (and I'm a Lions fan)
Liberian soccer great George Sacko dies penniless and anonymous in Newark, NJ
You might not like the Heat, but this was an insane play
Why do the Washington Nationals think they are the Yankees?  It doesn't make sense!
Inline skating in a closed Water Park (awesomeness insues)
Sunderland Vs Man City Match Highlights 1st January 2012
Sunderland's Ji snogged by male supporter after hitting last-second goal to stun Man City (video)
Bad Ass Trick Shots
American soccer in 2011: 11 great momemts - ESPN
Stafford the flopper
Ohio State Coach Urban Meyer Denies Interest In Ohio State Coaching Job
Phillie Phanatic getting drilled by foul ball
“If you have Jesus Christ in your heart, you are going to spend eternity in heaven. If you don’t, you’re going to spend eternity in hell.”
Marriage proposal gone wrong at UCLA basketball game
Coolest shirt I own
Awesome Seton Hall Bench Reactions
My father, a standout kind of guy. 2012 Fiesta Bowl.
Bill O'Brien, offensive coordinator of the NE Patriots, has agreed to become Penn State's new head football coach.
Video shows Philadelphia Flyers fans attacking New York Rangers fans
I left the TV on for my dog to listen to, came home at lunch and Skip Bayless was on. Is this animal abuse?
Oh no! Now who will annoy me from 1:30-2pm?
Houston Texans earn historic playoff victory, beat Bengals 31-10 and advance to face Ravens next Sunday
Damn Kobe! Where'd you get your jersey?
My first thought on the end of the Broncos game
Am I the only Patriots fan thrilled that the Broncos won?
Should Murray State receive a number one seed if they are the only team in college basketball to go undefeated?
Cool New Oregon Ducks Football Uniforms
Mendy Insane Goal ! (Better then Thierry Henry Yes Sir!)
My opinion of the National Champion game.
Despite being an LSU fan Alabama's D more than earned my respect tonight - Well Played
Les Miles
How I felt seeing a TD in the Bama vs. LSU game
Bitter Brady
Am I the only person not from San Fran rooting for the Niners?!!!
Score another loss for the prevent defense as the Saints lose to the 49ers
So does Tebow not do the Tebow when he loses?
Tebow and his disciples
Anybody watching NFL Today?  Ndamukong Suh is such a politician
So, did Tebow Tebow at the end of the game yesterday? I changed the channel to watch Restaurant Impossible, so I missed the last 10 minutes
10 Year old ski prodigy! (yes she is a Girl and can ski better then most guys)
Saints fan shoots two 49ers fans after loss
One of the NBA's best dunkers
What's the Superbowl matchup you want to see?
Edson Barboza’s Roadhouse-Style Face-Kick Knockout Is Even Better When Slowed Down 500% (x-post from MMA)
Fox and Elway agree: Tim Tebow’s earned the right to start in 2012
Jesus to Tebow at haltime...
Oh Joe Flacco! Don't be concerned about the game on Sunday. Be concerned about how bad your movies are
I'm listening to the Heat-Lakers game on the radio right now and I can't believe the announcers don't crack up each time they say Meta World Peace (Ron Artest). 
Joe Paterno dead
Joe Paterno dies at 85
Joe Paterno now reported as NOT dead.
How I Feel As A Ravens Fan In New England
NY Giants Player of the Game!
Did anybody else notice how calm and classy Ray Lewis was after the game last night? Is he always like that?
I think this would be most unwise.
Nauseating.
Brazil Wins!!!
Every time I watch a Red Wings game..
Romo settles on $1,575,000 contract with Giants. Don't worry, it's not the Romo or the Giants you are thinking of.
Joe Buck and Pierre McGuire are not good at what they do and should be stopped.
Your defense is offensive.  One of my favorite Peyton Manning commercials.
The NHL's ranking system is broken
Don’t tell ESPN, but new poll finds hockey as popular as basketball in U.S. | Puck Daddy - Yahoo! Sports
Derp-off: Djokovic vs. Nadal
Rejected Football Play
Basketball Level: Asian
Charlotte Bobcat's Diop Puts on a Clinic
Blake Griffin with the greatest dunk in the history of western civilization.
Blue Jackets ROBBED - clock pauses at 1.8sec, Kings score illegitimate winner at 0.4sec
FA under mounting pressure to axe John Terry as England captain as Jason Roberts makes his opinion known - Telegraph
Every sports league tends to have one asshole. The Southern California Dart Association seems to have the greatest of all time.
On the evolution of sport [PDF]
Jimmer Early Career Highlights
Official Reddit for people who care about the Super 
Bowl....
I came to a realization while watching the Super Bowl
Giants Win Over Patriots 21-17!
Why the Patriots lost on the Hail Mary
Some people refuse to acknowledge the Giants' NFL Championship. What other sports victories/championships do you refuse to give credit for?
Ricky Williams Retires
Where will Peyton Take His Talents?  I'll bet it's...
Ex-NBA star Rose: Pats' Gronk 'white-boy wasted'
my roommate made a jeremy lin meme. his first ever
Jeremy Lin...
Suarez refuses to shake hand of Patrice Evra before Liverpool lose 2-1
Last meet
David Beckham playing with blind football team
Kevin Garnett is one insane dude
We are two sportscasters with over 50 years of experience passing on the trade secrets to those who love sports and want to get into the business!
20 years from now what 30 for 30 style documentaries will we be seeing of things happening today.
White Mamba
Great Jeremy Lin analysis (Fantasy Basketball based, but relevant anyway)
Landry kisses Jeremy Lin (video)
Is Jeremy Lin the asian Drazen Petrovic? Will he be the pioneer that allows in a wave of Asian players like Drazen did with euros?
Linfographic: The Journey of Jeremy Lin
xpost from AdviceAnimals: High Expectations Asian Father has caught Linsanity
Jeremy Lin college 3pt troll
A.J. Burnett officially traded to the Pittsburgh Pirates
You know, Jeremy Lin isn't the first backup to make it big-
Good Guy Jeremy Lin on Racism
Buzz Bissinger on Jeremy Lin racism: At least they didn't call him a gook or a kike
Linappropriate by WongFuproductions
Good Guy Jeremy Lin
Shaq's top 10 plays on the Magic
Sports Science: Jeremy Lin
When was the last time a young, untested professional Black athlete received the type of adulation Tim Tebow &amp; Jeremy Lin have seen this year? Breakout Stars Shine a Light on Those Left Out.
this is why you should not listen to others- greatest nike commercial eve
Sportsnation is a really bad show. Check out this awful tebow song.
Derrick Rose Perhaps Made the Biggest Mistake in NBA History
Most Ridiculous Jeremy Lin Fan Signs
Jeremy Lin rookie card sells on eBay for more than $21,000
Hoping to watch Daytona 500, instead I get 4 hours of this guy
Probably the best college basketball ending I've seen in a long time (the whole video is good, but gets really good at 2:20) [vid]
Dallas Cowboys 2012 NFL Mock Draft: Full 7 Rounds
Matt Kenseth wins an exciting Daytona 500!
Amazing! A 5'2 Globetrotter dunks! 
The Greatest Moments in NBA All-Star Weekend History
MLB.com just sexually harassed me via email!
A stock car, driven by an australian, turning right in the rain, during a NASCAR race in Canada.
Charles Barkley says some fans need to be shot
I dislike ESPN sometimes but man are the Sports Science segments cool as hell. Sports Science - Paper Airplane Record.
Individual does not mean what you think it does, ESPN
YouTube video of Peyton Manning throwing well at Duke yesterday (Mar 2, 2012)
15 year old high school sophomore the next Jeremy Lin (possibly better)?
Twins named after San Antonio Spurs Tony Parker and Tim Duncan
d rose son
Remember that receipt where Peyton Manning tipped 50%?  Well, the server who posted it just got fired.  Hope you're all happy, Reddit.
Adam Morrison, a 2x NBA Champion 
How cool is it going to be to see Luck on the jersey and a horseshoe on the helmet?
Ex WWE World Champion Gets Humiliated at Wrestling Show 
Ray Lewis: A Living Legend
Watching SportsCenter
Richest Owners In Sports
Good Guy Chad
Sports fans out there, have you ever cried over some sports related incident?
Here's the bracket if the NCAA tournament was decided by median starting salary...
2012 NCAA Masctot Bracket
Lebron's hairline in 2016...
Andy Pettitte is making a comeback to the Yankees!!
Don't worry Greg Oden, Wyoming believes in you!
Duke goes down to this...
Condescending Wonka on the first round of the NCAA Tournament
This is all I can think of during March Madness... damn you, Salma Valgarma Hayek Jiménez de Pinault.
In the wake of the Peyton Manning signing
Poor Jets
GIANT WAVES SURFED. MASSIVE TEAHUPOO. 
all in HD Slow Motion. Amazing Footage. Music M83
NCAA tournament 2012: Kentucky tops Indiana in Sweet 16 
Coach Draws Up Patented 'Unbalanced, Highly Contested 3-Pointer' Play For Game's Final Possession
NCAA Tournament:  No.2 Ohio State vs. No.1 Syracuse
Regarding the IU and KY Mens Basketball game last night...
Reddit...  Should we Boycott the Final Four in protest of Calipari and Kentucky?
7'8 Player Dunks without Jumping
Report: Extension Makes Nick Saban College Football's First $6 Million Dollar Man

With Trayvon Martin case, Dwyane Wade, LeBron James go where Michael Jordon wouldn't. 
What state is least happy with this NBA season? NC and the lousy Bobcats?  Louisiana without CP3?  Wait... what?
London is changing subway station names for Olympic legends.
Nike LunarGlide 2 Running Shoes | Mens Nike Running Shoes
Stephon Marbury wins a championship in china. I'm happy for him.
Worlds worst softball team
Louisville basketball player Peyton Siva saved his fathers life.
Anyone else feeling pretty good about their bracket?
baylor womens bb coach cures bells palsy over night...incredible
Calipari Offers Solutions to One And Done - Sportsworldreport
Kansas University selling 'National Champions' shirts in its online athletic store... hours before the game is played!
He definitely remembers.
These two are like the same person to me.
I am really happy this guy won the Masters.
When all else fails...
Offense having problems scoring?
Any thoughts on this? (No, I don't agree)
never ever tell a girl her team sucks
TIL - Doc Ellis pitched a no hitter on Acid
Best NBA doppelgangers 
You stay classy, Andrew Bynum
Worst slide ever?

Yep, worst slide ever.
Best sports team of the past 15 years.
This is how I spent my Thursday and Friday nights. 
The best place to brush up on NCAA recruiting rules? The bathroom of course. 
Five Good Reasons Why Jerry Rice is Not The Best Wideout in NFL History | Sportales
They said we could be any number...
ESPN is not the best sports network, right?
Coincidence? 
Inter renewed interest in Zarate, can Pazzini go in opposite direction ?!?!?!
You Stay Classy, Philly 
The Flyer's goalie could use a little help
Melo.... Is it 3 your looking for?
The Flyers vs. Penguins series in a single facebook post.
I just got owned by Lebron..
Metta World War...
Laker's Metta World Peace ejected for elbowing Oklahoma City Thunder's James Harden in head 
Stoll's overtime goal helps Kings knock out Canucks in five games
Last day for voting! Let's NOT let Cam Newton win this please! (I said please)
Chelsea-Barca Match 
Check out Mark Teixeira at 19s. Priceless, I guarantee it!
Bruins fans start calling Joel Ward n***** after scoring the winning goal.
Sweet, a foul ball.
Have NFL fans seen the last of the Pro Bowl?
The game could be suspended next year, two people familiar with discussions said Thursday.
Box Lacrosse in 1932- Not exactly the way we play today. (x-post from r/lacrosse)
What happens when the only major sports network is based in New England.
Swimmer Alexander Dale Oen is dead
R.I.P 
Today one of the worlds greatest athletes died, only 26 years old!
Junior Seau -- Cops Investigating Shooting Involving NFL Star 
Can someone explain the meaning of this???!
Video of Chris Bosh's son being born
Shaq rainbow
Fucking New York. 
Well done.
Why don't soccer fans have a problem with flopping? 
This Guy Deserves So Much More From His Team!
It appears Chris 'Birdman' Anderson is being investigated for child porn. An NBA first?
What losing to an eight seed looks like
A 44-year-old Hawaiian surfer has entered the Guinness Book of Records for riding the biggest wave ever thought to have been ridden.
BRIAN SCALABRINE White Mamba Commercial
    
Guess they are not as old as people say...
Its amazing how close this correlates to the political split of the nation
Fuck you, Charlie! Umpire Bob Davidson went on an f-bomb rage during today's Phillies-Astros game (video)
So angry at ESPN right now.
As a Cleveland sports fan...
Essien grinding the Chelsea physio
My favorite piece of sports memorabilia that I own.
IAMA published sports journalist and editor who interviews MLB, NBA &amp; NHL athletes, writes and shoots photos full-time. AMAA.
MIAMI HEAT fans - wear white or else 
BOOM WHITE HOT !!!!
Ocho Cinco gets robbed and is devastated by what they took
Did we need proof soccer players are dumb?
Superb goalkeeper somersault throw.
All baseball fans should check out my blog! Need support
 New Orleans Hornets win NBA draft lottery, secure No. 1 overall pick
How isn't this rigged?
Aragorn almost gets kicked out of American airport for celebrating a soccer goal
first 30 seconds after Mets first no hitter
mets no hitter last pitch, celebration, unlucky fan[gif(s)] 
Kevin Garnett Call Lebron James a B$tch Azz N$gga!
      - YouTube
Good Job, Good Effort, applies to everything Heat
The reason to root against I'll Have Another winning the triple crown.
I always like the Sports Science segments...as a Colts fan, this one made me especially giddy
This video perfectly shows why nobody outside of Miami should EVER root the Heat as long as their Big 3 is together.
Holland Today
I'll Have Another injured and out of race, career over. Will be seeing a lot of mares and smoking a lot of cigarettes, says trainer.
Usain Bolt's crash into blonde girl
What a rivalry it was [also posted on adviceanimals]
Too bad the Jaguars couldn't land Tebow
Humberto Quintero giving Bruce Chen the business on live TV. Keep it classy, Humberto!
Here are the CompuBox round by round stats for Pacquiao vs. Bradley.
In honour of the Euro Cup, the world's worst soccer dive 
Lebron in the Finals...
Lance Armstrong faces fresh doping charges from USADA - The Washington Post
Watching the US Open online and was compelled to make this
The Irish supporters are the best. I loved how they sang at the match with Spain, when they lost with 4-0.
Look out, Heat.
I hope I don't choke on this at the end
David Nalbandian disqualified from Queen's final against Marin Cilic for kicking linesman
The record for the most cards in a football match within a Fifa tournament is 16 yellows and 4 reds set in 2006 during the Portugal/Holland match. Here's the wikipedia page for it.
Goomba Lebron says...
Phil Jackson says 'there might be' a job he'd take - Yahoo! Sports
Have fun digging yourselves out of this one bandwagoners
That feel
Because he did it all alone, right ESPN?
This has to stop.
Mark Cuban Destroys Skip Bayless on ESPN First Take
Well at least he's honest
Sandusky Found guilty on 45-48 counts 
In a bowling alley one night, Bill Fong came so close to perfection that it nearly killed him.
Kobe, stop being so mean to Lebron! - Imgur
Will a Ring Turn LeBron Into Michael Jordan of Marketing?
In the Penn State locker room?
Jerry Sandusky image painted over
NCAA football approves playoff
She loves the German Mannschaft...
Only thing I remember from NBA Finals...
Anthony Davis is going to fucking suck in the NBA.
Penguins locking up Crosby with 12-year, $104.4 million deal
2012 NBA Draft: Nintendo Edition
Italy up 2-0 going into half.... Watch @ ESPN3
Ironically, Italy's best Guido is in fact...
More Controversial Than Steroids....saw this for soccer so I did one on baseball
Report: Ex-PSU president OK'd not reporting abuse
Does the price of mlb.tv go down after the All-Star break?
That trick at 0:24. HOW?!?!
Japanese player copies Mario Balotelli's celebration
Milwaukee Brewers streaking...
Two mistakes in ESPN headlines today.  Who is running the website today?
These are the 7 women with the most sexual grunts in tennis (+video)
Bulldog player's vent about reaction to Crowell gets scathing response l THEN A FACEBOOK COMMENTER LAYS THE SMACKDOWN ABOUT Isaiah Crowell. Epic read.
Iraqi Women's Basketball Team [vid]
The Diamondbacks do not love Daron Sutton’s suit, suspend announcer for dress code violations (x-post /r/mfa)
New to sports? Have a question about any specific sports? /r/AskSports would love to answer any question about any sport. 
AD Peterson Arrested for Resisting Arrest.
LeBron tweets post-fight pic with Anderson Silva, says Congrats from one champ to another!
As a Celtics fan, it's gonna be tough knowing we won't see this again.
Lazy ESPN.com Poll Asks Readers If They Like Sports
A Jewish hockey player who plays in Germany and for their national team.
Patriots owner Bob Kraft &amp; nearly-naked lady friend read for a (movie?) audition, includes Kraft calling a guy a pussy (video)
Here's Billionaire Patriots Owner Bob Kraft Helping His Girlfriend With Some Kind Of Weird Audition
Joe Paterno, at the end, showed more interest in his 
legacy than Sandusky’s victims - The Washington Post
Sex and Partying in the Olympic Village
Does anybody have an ESPN insider account to share?
Is there a subreddit for shotput or throwing?
PSU Students change name of Paternoville to Nittanyville
Another reason I love German soccer fans.
Why does everyone want Joe Paterno's head on a stick?
Linsanity - now with no MSG. 
Paralympics Ad will get you hyped
Jeremy Lin that I used to Know 
Nuggets sign JaVale McGee to four-year, $44 million deal
Rex Ryan: 106 pounds lighter, 10 fewer inches at the waist and cholesterol below 150.
Bradley Wiggins wins Tour de Franc
Woody Paige weighs in on the recent batman tragedy
What the Paterno statue looks like today.
The Penn State fan reaction to the NCAA child molestation sanctions is fucking terrifying (forum link)
Only Cleveland can save the 2012 Olympics
Todd Blackledge Discusse Paterno on mike and Mike and Misses the Point
The 50 Worst Screw-Ups in Sports History
Bielma, Fitzgerald, and Wilson refuse to recruit PSU players, Bielma says it violates Big Ten coaching brotherhood
UNOFFICIAL OLYMPIC TRASH TALK THREAD
Why are players bought and sold in European soccer, but traded in all US national sports?
Brit gripped by Olympic mania tries to swim to America 
My 10 year old daughter wasn't happy with the GB gymnastics team getting demoted to bronze so has written the Japanese a letter
Ryan Lochte terrible interview.
Minor League ump throws out the PA guy for playing Three Blind Mice
Thanks a lot, ESPN.
Another NFL star distrust Roger Goodell
The Most Perfect Sports Photo You'll Ever See (Gabby Douglas)
Just curious, how many of you realize what Galen Rupp means to the US?
Watching the Olympic men's singles tennis final...
Improbable Success Galen Rupp - Ends 48 years of no US Medals in the 10k!
Usain Bolt playing football. Skill: 5 Speed: 99 Acceleration: 99
Turner Buys Bleacher Report For $175 Million -- 6,000 mostly unpaid contributors who churn out more than 1,000 articles a day
How come when Melo does it to D'Antoni every day for half a season it's no big deal but it happens to Melo once and everyone cares?
All the info on the world fastest athlete can ben seen here, tips and tricks on how he do it and how he does it.......
Infographic of Discontinued Olympic Events
I Would Like To Extend You A Counter-Offer To Suck My Dick: A Rejected Jobseeker Sends The Padres The Best Letter Ever
I know reddit is in love with Usain Bolt but you do realize he is on PED's
Miami Dolphins terminate Chad Johnson's contract
People wearing this shirt need to be punched in the face. 
The 20 Best Doppelgangers Of The 2012 London Olympics
Tebow balancing faith, fame, and football with Jets
Our Fantasy Football League Needs a Name for our Trophy, Ideas?!
Melk was a bad choice
As a Rays fan, this is how I feel about our hitting coach
Yahoo Sports needs to get their priorities straight.
Russell Westbrook and James Harden team up to make a commercial...
Which athlete have you always rooted for, that you knew would never put all the pieces together where everything just clicks, but you still clung onto them and couldn't acknowledge they would never get to next level?
Really impressive save of a polish lower league goalkeeper 
LaMarr Woodley covers his hometown school districts athletic fees
Never Listen to this man EVER!
A great article on the Uganda LLWS team
This is why football is better than soccer
Fastest time for 100m hurdles... in flippers
A Yankees Lifer in NASCAR Land
Augusta National announces inclusion of women.  I imagine this is good for the sport, but are there any negatives to this?
The LLWS has a completely bogus format.
Lance Armstrong likely to lose his 7 Tour de France titles
The sad part is, I can actually see ESPN doing this
Nick Foles dynamite - starting quarterback; throws football over mountains 
The Fall of the Glasgow Rangers. Can anyone even imagine a US sports team being sold for $1?
Dunk Fails
Jon Jones response to UFC 151 being cancelled
modrich in real
Rick Reilly on Lance Armstrong: Lance still worth revering.
UEFA Champions League Group of Death: Spanish, English, Dutch and German champions all drawn in the same group. Group D is Real Madrid, Man City, Ajax and Dortmund.

Something tells me I should look for a different golf academy... (pic)
Mike Anderson on his life as Lance Armstrong's personal assistant
GAME WINNING FIELD GOAL
greatest moments in sports.. very inspiring
Sheldon Cooper?
Watching 'Bama vs Michigan, and had a question about a penalty...
Am I the only one surprised this kid plays for Eureka?
Barry Bonds is the Greatest Baseball Player of All Time  
8 year old soccer prodigy!
Murderball: The Best Sport You've Never Seen 
In case you're lacking a little inspiration today: shots from the Paralympics
ESPN's new commercial with John Clayton 
...the f_ck did I just read?
How would you set up a fantasy footballs (all of them) league?
Houston Astros Now Practicing The Occult
Oregon High School RB runs for 643 yards on 38 carries, scores 10 touchdowns and his team only wins by 21 haha
Me Right now...
They were handing out Starlin Castro posters at the Cubs game yesterday.  It reminded me of someone.
I wish more fans were like this. After Arkansas' disappointing start, students organize a surprise pep-rally for the players after practice [vid] 
Memo to the Clemson Tigers: FEAR THE SPEAR!
So here's my shot at breaking down the reasons why Americans dislike football (soccer).
for all of you degenerates out there - this is how you bet like a boss
Lingerie football league fired a couple of officiating crews due to incompetence...they now ref NFL games
Seahawks Refs
I can't be the only one who saw that blown call in the Seahawks/Packers game and immediately thought of Frank Drebin...
The Packers-Seahawks Refs: Who Are Those Guys?
Lets not forget about the Hawks defense on MNF. It's a shame that a horrible call is overshadowing one of the best performances I've seen all year
Foot Locker: Despite recent allegations, our employees have spent the last few weeks at our stores and not at NFL games.
Classic Ed Hochuli. As soon as I heard the rumors today, I got down on the floor and started doing pushups.”
DETROIT WHAT!
An excellent thought provoking-article on the subject of homophobia in sports
Watching FSU vs. USF when suddenly....
Matty Ice - Get the fuck off our field!
Why the Jets will still have problems
Anyone remember TradeSports back in the day? It looks like it's back
Quick golf survey to help a redditer out. if you play golf, live in southern cali, make 60,000 /yr or more,then please take this survey and your entered to win a Titleist Hybrid 910H club (raffle). quick and easy. They are not going to sell you anything. This is purely a survey.
Have we let our sports become too dangerous? 
Ukrainian Soccer Fan Chokes Referee In Crazy Attack During Match
Lolo Jones Challenged a Paralyzed Football Player to a Race on Twitter Tonight
Did SportsCenter just hit a new low with the Liam Neeson interview?
Most insane dodgeball kill. EVER. 
Michael Phelps Breaks another record... in Golf?
In honor of the Orioles making it to the playoffs
Rugby player loses testicle after final defeat 
I was playing pool against Jose Lima and we both watched the Music City Miracle live.  What awesome off-the-field sports encounters have you had?
Ohio State third-string QB Cardale Jones: “Classes are pointless”
Sidney Rice's man thong
sweden playing soccer in spain
Kicker Austin Rehkow made a 67-yard field goal attempt at tonight's game against my high school with 2 seconds left, sending it in to overtime.
how Jay Cutler was able to get back into the game so quickly
What is a bigger deal: Lance Armstrong or Tiger Woods
What was the origin of the current hysteria over the use of PEDs?
MV's Next Wide Receiver
Anyone else watching worldseries?
Honey Badger Tyrann Mathieu arrested on drug charges along with four other ex-LSU players
Even Puppies are Cheeseheads!
Why Sports Logos Are So Important
Ranking the NFL teams by watchability
Jerry Sandusky moved to prison for death row inmates  
Lance Armstrong burned in effigy
How not to snap the ball.
One of my pet peeves is when someone says any college team would beat the even worst professional team in their sport. What sports hypothetical drives you crazy?
tony parker winning shot against OKC NBA
How I Enabled the Cult of Lance Armstrong 
'The Dan Patrick Show' has moved to NBC Sports. NBC Sports is also debuting a new highlights show 'The 'Lights'. I like the direction NBC Sports is going. I would love to have a alternative to ESPN. 
As much as I hate to admit it, deep down I know race has something to do with this.
New England Patriots vs Buffalo Bills Simulation Game 11/11/12
I will never understand why anyone can say, I watch college football, it's a better product than the NFL when championship games are determined by computers and popularity votes and bowl games just pit random conferences against each other.
in last night's game, Chiefs recover a fumble and score, get penalized for excessive celebration, that TD call is overturned and Steelers get a first down from the penalty.
2012 Indian JM4- Nationals Final. Brilliant Race -Punjabi chase, Kerala &amp; Uttarakhand fight -Maratha Charge at end.
Kyrie Irving &gt; lebron 
Well that's an interesting score.
If Alabama wins the national championship or ND
I think I might have to become a fan of this sport more than just once every 4 years
Not impressed Jets fan
This is all I can think of after watching the Jets play the Patriots today
Guy plays Football Manager for 10 years and gets a real manager job.
Heisman hopeful Johnny Football Manziel broke the single season total offense record in the SEC previously held by Cam Newton and Tim Tebow. 
New York Knicks and Los Angeles Lakers are discussing a trade involving Amar'e Stoudemire and Pau Gasol
Funny
Why was the Orlando Magic win over Dwight Howard and the Lakers not a bigger story on ESPN/NBA?
Bret Bielema to leave Wisconsin for the Head Coaching position at Arkansas
Dwight Howard at the Line
Yankees and Kevin Youkilis...
Lionel Messi broke German great Gerd Mueller's 40-year-old record for most goals in a year by scoring for the 86th time in 2012 on Sunday. The Argentina forward scored twice to lead Barcelona to a 2-1 win at Real Betis in the Spanish league match.
Anyone see the change in grammer from NBA player tweets?
Damn you Chisox, I am never buying a Tshirt again
The Jamaican Dream Chaser - Support Mike Williams on his way to the 2014 Winter Olympics!
When you see it
Pretty sure you don't win if the other team scores more than you 
Dat ass 
Tom Brady blows snot rocket during Newtown memorial service.  #StayClassyNE
Dale Murphy doodle
Hahaha ESPN Reporter gets suspended for 'blackness' comments
Minnesota Vikings TE Kyle Rudolph's gas-powered ice fishing auger celebration dance as suggested by MPLS-StP radio station 93X
Are there any fans of Tony Kornheuiser out there?
wide-angle shots of America's top three high school wrestling tournaments: Walsh Jesuit's Ironman, the Beast of the East, and Canon-McMillan's Powerade Invitational
My girlfriend's deaf brother is biking 11,000 miles across America to every baseball stadium to raise money for children in need of a cochlear implant. Please check out his site! 
Redditors, as we go into the new year there is just one thing you need to know...
Chief Andy Reid 
Lance Armstrong Close to Admitting PED Doping
Too bad there isn't a way for them to both lose.
Why choose when I can have both. IU on the left, NCG on the right.
ESPN fires Rob Parker
AJ McCarron’s Girlfriend Katherine Webb Talks About Stealing BCS Spotlight With Carson Daly!
Michael Chopra will not defend himself in horse racing corruption case
Sacramento Kings sold to Seattle group? Maybe, maybe not - NBA - Sporting News
 Baseball’s so-called “Steroid Era” and its most notable stars received their most thorough rebuke Wednesday when the Baseball Hall of Fame announced that, for the first time in 17 years, the Baseball Writers of America did not elect any new members to the hall.
One BCS computer still ranks Notre Dame No. 1, because it's the BCS.
See hockey through the eyes of a ref at the Red Wings scrimmage.
At this point, this is the best possible image of Te'o.
Hockey returns today - Please come join us in /r/NHL
Are you as excited for season 2 as I am?
Source: Maloofs have Kings Deal to Seattle. 
The Ravens are going to the Superbowl?
Breaking News: NFL to review Brady's slide in AFC Championship game, but not Ray Lewis' double murder.
NHL logos through time (x-post from /r/NHL)
An Interesting Article About Football Helmets
Chris Flores of NJIT scored 32 pts last night and went 11 for 11 on field goal attempts. He went 7 for 7 from beyond the arc, and 3 for 3 at the line. That also solidified him as the school's all-time leading scorer. Decent night. 
Good guy Gronk
Can someone please get the NFL to make it Super Bowl Saturday? 
Mutombo being Mutombo
My birthday is on Super Bowl Sunday. This card from ESPN pretty much sums up how I feel.
Thanks, Beyonce
Til Ray Lewis can't distinguish between a financial settlement/payoff and a charitable donation
The Australian Crime Commission today released the findings of a 12-month investigation into the integrity of Australian sport and the relationship between professional sporting bodies, prohibited substances and organised crime.
Three Jeremy Lin Fans sitting in front of me on Chinese New Years in Sacramento Kings Basketball Game.
PA-ROLE TIDE!
At this point, I wouldn't even call yourself a professional athlete or team
Erik Karlsson of Ottawa Senators expected to miss rest of season  
Lebron is not impressed
Hugo Chavez returns home, LeBron James falls short, and more in our roundup of the stories that are making news and driving opinion
Free Yankees or Mets tickets, all you have to do is like a facebook page to enter
Female basketballer explains the world’s worst free-throw.
Amazing Baseline To Baseline / Full Court Shot
50 Cent tries to kiss Erin Andrews at Daytona 500
Top-level Ultimate Frisbee: NexGen (college all-stars) vs. Philadelphia (pro) [3:53] 
What is one thing you would change about each sport?
A 22-year-old Ichiro Suzuki meets Michael Jordan in 1995
Really ESPN?
Would you kick this pitcher off the team?...Epic Cheap Shot.
Paul George. Couldn't resist. 
Dat high school buzzer beater
Just entered a competition to try and get my dream job, wish me luck.
Good Guy Boldin
Behind the Scenes: How Patriots Quickly Shifted from Wes Welker to Danny Amendola
Are you allowed to have 2 teams in the same sport?
5 Body Positive Female Athletes You Should Know About
Wikipedia already called the Diaz - GSP fight
I didn't know K-State changed their logo!
Arizona Vs. Illinois - the Greatest Comeback in NCAA history ... set to dramatic music
Roiled by turmoil, U.S. soccer faces ‘must-win’ World Cup qualifier vs. Costa Rica - The Washington Post
What the NBA would like today if every current player were still in college
Heat of the moment indeed, Chris Bosh
Jarome Iginla picks Pittsburgh
Kevin Ware of Louisville suffers horrific leg injury in game vs Duke. Time was stopped for a while as players and coaches cried. Best of wishes go out to this poor kid.
My local newspaper decided to pull an April Fools day joke. I live in Cleveland.
Kevin Ware Meme
Opening day!!
Been holding on to this one. Thought r/sports might like it - MVPeterson [OC]
Spike Albrecht's Twitter followers before and after his 17pt outburst during first half of NCAA National Championship
I want this in my house.
Explosions at the finish line of the Boston Marathon, reports of injuries
Steve Williams: Wrong call on Tiger
The Mets honored Boston prior to the start of the ninth inning as they played Sweet Caroline, a Fenway Park tradition, and showed a Boston cap on the Jumbotron.
Nick Saban says some Alabama Crimson Tide players are 'too comfortable'
With the playoffs around the corner, here's a little reminder of how hockey makes baseball look like knitting.
What/who is the worst broadcaster/team in current north american pro sports?
What I think when I hear ESPN pushing hard for NASCAR
NBA centre Jason Collins comes out as first openly gay player in North American pro sp
Man City boss favored to own MLS team likely called New York City FC
Boys play basketball, men wrestle. Basketball is a game, football is a game, what we're doing here is life. Comedian Jay Mohr's incredible rant on taking wrestling out of the Olympics.Great read!
Cindy Crosby won't play postseason opener against New York Islanders
This Week in Unnecessary Censorship
LeBron James of Miami Heat 1 vote shy of unanimous MVP honor
Goal of the Year? Gabriel Leyes' (River Plate) amazing solo vs 7 Cerra players
American sports vs European sports
Charlie Sheen beat Michael Jordan in Basketball
Top sports video games of all time, according to ESPN
Firsthand look at Octopus thrown on ice - RedWings v Ducks (Game 6)
Money on the Bench: A running calculation, updated daily, of what major league baseball teams are paying players who are on the disabled list.
Game #7 - Game-winning overtime Goal (Filmed live at the Air Canada Centre in Toronto)
This is why I love Jack Edwards, a man with a passion for hockey
Game of Cornhole gets intense (skip to 12:35 for those on mobile). I don't know if this qualifies in r/sports, but it sure carries the intensity of it.
Classic 1992 lost interview with Wilt Chamberlain on height, self-image, and sex.
Former NBA union head files suit against Derek Fisher
Wht is the best hit you have ever seen in football?
Goals of the week
Please Help Pro Wrestler Pay His Medical Bills
Is it just me or does ESPN just flat out suck now. Im tired of them starting drama. I WANT SPORTS!
My Grandmother worked for Pro Set and gave me quite a bit of cool shit when I was a kid. Today, I took that cool shit out of my closet.
Me and some guys created this new sport. If you have access to a pool try playing it with your friends. We called it Death Ball.
I've managed to distill my love of high/lowbrow humor, Chicago sports, and MS Paint into one pic. Go Hawks!
Sochi Unveils the 2014 Olympic Medals!
The best handshake I've seen in a while (Vanderbilt Baseball Team)
Is my Eagles jacket a fake? A friend gave it to me, and I can't find another one like it anywhere
What Americans are missing out on - Warsaw fanzone reaction to Lewandowski's Euro 2012 opening goal
Rodman: LeBron would just be an average player in the 80's or 90's
Late Brad Evans goal lifts U.S. to 2-1 win against Jamaica
Yankees go to six-man rotation
Torre: Yanks tenure was time of my life, but 1-year offer was an insult
Hey Sports Redditors: Let's not downvote stuff based on the sport we like/dislike. Typical submissions gain only a handful of votes, sports.reddit will be a dead-end if we continue like this..
Vigorous exercise reduces weight gain risk 
Dude jumps his subaru off a mountain!
Flat Stomach Exercises, the Next-Level 
The 10 Hottest Foreign Female Tennis Players 
2007 Heisman: what do they mean by “best player,” anyway?
How many 5 year olds could you take in a fight
Can Patriots go 16-0?
Bet On Any Sport And Win 97 Percent Of The Time
The Dallas Cowboys 2007 Season in eight seconds (animated gif)
James Heinz Interview: Ode to an Icon
Student Athletes: Can’t Get No Respect
King Salmon By Local Bay Area Angler [pic]
Shocking dialogue: Jason Kidd meets with Rod Thorn (funny)
Capello Drops Beckham - The Right Call
Senator wants to know why NFL destroyed Patriots spy tapes 
Lakers acquire Gasol from Grizzlies 
Eli Manning MVP
No More High-Octane, Phoenix Goes Diesel (Shaq Traded!)
MARION Traded to Heat - Shaq in tern goes to retirement camp in Phoenix
Dusty Baker (Baseball Manager) Avid Sportsman. Halibut and Leopard Shark [pic]
Jim Zorn Named Head Coach of The Redskins
Best Backpacking Camping And Hiking Shopping Sites
Diving into a 1220 feet (372 m) hole in the ground [video]
Rick Sutcliffe ESPN Baseball Analyst Has Cancer (Photos)
Ten reasons you should let your employees watch March Madness
US Fish stuns Federer in semi-final
All about soccer and the European Championship in June 2008
Two races gone and Alonso admits Renault have no chance this year
2008 AL East Preview
Vitale among six elected to Naismith Hall of Fame's 2008 class 
President Bush needs to swing into action. He needs to have his Homeland Security Nazis break into these people’s homes and take a Louisville Slugger to their computers.
Tejada acknowledges age discrepancy; actually two years older than previously believed
Nashville Country Music Marathon Results
Nadal trumps Federer at Monte Carlo
Kiper's team-by-team draft analysis and grades
Paul Scholes -- incredible goal vs. Barcelona
Obama almost gets UNC Basketball team in trouble with some NCAA violations
Marvin Harrison Under Investigation For Shooting (Yea, the clean cut, nice guy Marvin Harrison)
Worst NFL Draft Picks 2008
Angela Moyer and Roger Clemens Affair - Clemens Apology
Keegan is right, money is ruining the beautifil game in England
Shaquille O’Neal Shows His Ass (Literally)
Who just saw another Stanley Cup overtime game averted by 3 inches?
NY Giants DE Strahan to retire after 15 years, seven Pro Bowls
 CTV acquires exclusive rights to the Hockey Night in Canada theme 
After huge comback, Boston takes Game 4 right out of the hands of the Lakers, Now Up 3-1
Euro 2008: Netherlands - France: 4-1
Javon Walker found unconcious on Vegas street after robbery
Fantasy Baseball Owner Rips Team In Media
The Best MMA Fight Ever [Video]
EURO 2008: Netherlands 1-3 Russia (aet)
Scott Kalitta Crash Video
Barry Melrose, after denying he'd leave ESPN, has taken the head coaching job for the Tampa Bay Lightning
Terry Bradshaw admits using steroids in '70s
Fresno State wins first college baseball championship. Beats Georgia 6-1
Guy is earning a 6-figure salary getting paid by professional teams to be to a loud, crazy superfan in the stands
As a Tigers fan, I say it might be time for a new strength and coniditioning coach...
Baseball in 1968: A Different Era, a Lower E.R.A. 
Top 10 Tennis Commercials
Cynthia Rodriguez Leaves A-Rod for Lenny Kravitz
Would it be so wrong if the Packers told Favre to stuff a sock in it?
The Best &amp; Worst: Baseball card sets of the 1980s by
Flattered to Deceive - How Footballers Cheat On Their Fans
Favre seeks unconditional release from Packers
Canseco knocked out by former NFL return man Sikahema.
Greg has good first round down to new wife
U.S. Army reverses policy, West Point grad who was drafted into the NFL must now serve active duty
Fights Break Out As Chinese Stampede For Last Olympic Tickets
PHOTOS: Baseball brawls from the last decade
No Way! More Cubs Fans Get in Fights, Arrested
Ron Artest and Yao Ming come to understanding after Yao expressed concerns publicly about adding Artest to team
Top 10 Sports You Won’t See At The Olympics
By emphasizing makeup and style more than physical strength, USA gymnastics advertises the worst aspects of an incredible sport.
Stephanie Rice smashes world record in the 400m individual medley - swimming
Russian and Georgian medalists embrace on podium
Michael Phelps breaks world record and takes home 3rd Gold winning 20m free
Superhuman performances light up Beijing
A coxswain does what?
The 25 biggest and most expensive sports contracts ever signed
Don't expect U.S. dominance in track and field
Hot Gold Medalist Swimmer - Stephanie Rice - to be on Make Me a Supermodel
Yao Ming give sexy Lauren Jackson big hug during closing ceremony.  Combined high of nearly 14' could result in massive children.
Kimi &amp; Massa in 2009 - Montezemolo
Man City may be planning to destroy a world record with a £134 million bid for Cristiano Ronaldo in January
The Perfect Party Favor: Rent A USC Song Girl!
10 Ocho Cinco Inspired NFL Name Changes
6 Great Martial Arts for Killing a Man With Your Bare Hands
Opinion: The weekend racing died? (F1)
Some scotch guy loses at tennis
 Tony Romo now undeniably begging you to smash his face
They used to play every year, but the Gators dropped Miami in 1988 because they wanted to play a more national schedule. They promptly replaced the Hurricanes with Montana State. 
Top 10 reasons why, as Randy Moss says, the Patriots are still the team to beat
1,000 yard rushers that you do not (want to) remember 
The Death Of The Hockey Goon
F_ck Yankees and That Guy -----&gt;  
Sneak Peek Inside New Yankee Stadium [pics]
Save the Marlins - Move Them out of Florida
The Office: Sports Edition, Funny post!
Best End Zone Celebration Ever
Maria Kirilenko enjoys her victory over Kaia Kanepi @ 2008 Hansol Korea Open - Some Pics from the Stadium
The Singapore Grand Prix [pics]
Prince Fielder celebrated a bit different from the rest of the team [pic]
Police Launch Investigation After Footballer Sol Campbell is Subjected to 'Filthy' Homophobic Chants
Kimbo Slice goes down in 14 seconds.
Cubs exercise Rich Harden’s $7 million option
Can we get Keith Olbermann off of Sunday night football?  I don't want political attacks snuck in with my game highlights.
Soccer Attendance in the United States to Pass Basketball and Hockey in 2009
Is Brett Favre a rat or is this a Matt Millen sabotage?
Joba Went to a Strip Club and Talked Shit to a Red Sox Fan Before Getting His DUI
David bechkam give U.S football a lift Gullit...
Sarah Palin Damages My Goalie!! - Blues goalie Manny Legace was injured after tripping on carpet 
Top 5 Michael Jordan Nike Commercials, of All Time
Incredible finish to the Brazilian GP! Vote up if you're British and had your heart in your mouth!
Possible reasons Ben Roethlisberger left last night's game
The 11 Hottest Sports Movie Tomboys
Gotham Girls Take Down Roller Derby National Championship!
Brazil's Ronaldo considering retirement
Is Baby Cockfighting The New MMA Or Bumfights?
20 Moments of Madness and Magic from Diego Maradona
Abilene Christian scores record 93 points in win
15 UFC’s greatest hits
BCS gives Oklahoma Big 12 South title over Texas despite having lost to them... bullshit
NBA Scouts use NBA Live Video Game to Evaluate Players
No. 1 Alabama 36, Auburn 0 - Alabama Heads Into SEC Showdown at Full Speed 
Ever wonder how Lane Kiffin could put up with Al Davis' Reign of Terror and then join the brutal SEC? He comes home to the lovely Layla Kiffin, who even at 8 months pregnant is dazzling.
Detroit Pistons fall to 7-8 since arrival of Iverson
Top Four Transfers of This Summer
Rickey Henderson should get 100 percent of the Hall of Fame vote
Celtics start is the same, but Ray Allen isn't
Pro Athletes And Their Shady Injury Alibis
Is Corinthians the best choice for Ronaldo?
Italian soccer prez, to his players moving to England: the English live badly, eat badly and their women do not wash their genitalia.
Alex Rodriguez Playing With His Accessory
Rajon Rondo takes the next step
Top 12 most hated U.S. sports franchises 
Bowl Game Coverage for the 1st Weekend of Bowl Games - Blog Bowl
David Bekham Presented His AC Milan Jersey 
The 10 sexiest women in sports today
Bad Year? At least you're not a Seattle sports fan.
Hakeem Nicks AMAZING behind the back catch in the Meineke Car Care Bowl (WVU vs UNC)
Jets Fire Mangini After Late-Season Collapse
Chris Cole's Video Part In New Blood 
NFL ACCESS: Wild Card Week Preview
Watching the Winter Classic, but are new to hockey? Check out this guide for beginners!
Barkley Gets Busted On DUI
Rey Maualuga of the USC Trojans sneaks up on Erin Andrews and dances with her
Legendary Braves pitcher John Smoltz on the verge of signing with the Red Sox
Tennessee lawmaker proposes 'Titans Tax'
Florida St. star trades cleats for Oxford
Introducing the next great American pastime: beer pong.
Video: LeBron James plays basketball against 5 GQ staffers....It's ugly! 
Mark Cuban fined 25 grand for walking onto the court and yelling at Nuggets guard J.R. Smith
Warner makes sweet return to Super Bowl at age 37
Lakers smack Cavs around in LA
Adrian Wilson, Cardinals DB has a 66 vertical...
NASCAR's Scott Speed Slams Autograph Seekers, American Fans
Big Ben's Health Won't Be A Factor On Sunday
Glamorous Sania Mirza-Hesh Win Australian Open Mixed Doubles Title
Busty Iowa Cheerleader FTW!
IPL Player Auction - England Players Top It
Hank Aaron: Don't strip Bonds of home run record
A-11 offense, a football offense where all the linemen could be eligible WRs, is too confusing to refs, thus banned.
Allen Iverson Cuts Off His Trademark Braids
Colts to release veteran WR Harrison - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Devin Harris Drills Amazing Game Winner (Video)
San Diego Chicken Posterizes Larry Bird, Video
There is a rugby club hilariously named the Manly Sea Eagles. Just thought you'd like to know, Reddit
Update: 1 man found clinging to boat, 3 still missing but were wearing life jackets (2 NFL players still missing)
The Untouchables: Certain feats in sports — like the rate at which basketball players make free throws – don’t seem to get any easier with time. Which records will be hard, and maybe impossible, to break? 
Beckham’s Failed MLS Experiment
The ACC Tournament: As Presented by the  .... Ladies
LeBron James Pregame Camerawork Ritual, Video
NIT Tournament Bracket [PDF]
When, when will the NCAA recognize the sport with the potential for the greatest playoff glory of all?
The Triumphs And Tragedies of Ray “Boom Boom” Mancini
Charles Barkley Wears a Mini Skirt and Panties, Video
see New England's most recent sports team.  hint they play in lingerie
Charles Barkley “Be really really careful when you drink and drive”
Dwight Howard dancing to Beyonce on his new Youtube Channel
10 Girliest Sports Fights (videos)
Rudy Fernandez scores 5 points in 3 seconds!  Watch the video
Mich St to represent Big Ten in Final Four!
NBA Intro wars! Round 3 LeBron James Home Run, video
Is Elena Alyonka Larionov the next Anna Kournikova?
Anyone have the clip of Ichiro's throw? It's not on metacafe or youtube anywhere.  Anyone have an original file?
Cleveland Browns' Donte Stallworth charged with DUI manslaughter
Allen Iverson says he would “retire” before coming off the bench again
Peyton Siva, fast break 360 Layup, McDonalds All American Game, Video
Classic MA Wrestling Match: Bill Sullivan (North Andover) Vs. Scarcella (Dedham), 1989 MA High School State Championship
A new term for someone who marries way up
Should Lions pass on No. 1 pick?
22 Year old faces murder counts in death of pitcher Nick Adenhart and two passengers.
Ferguson Insists Real Madrid Not Getting Ronaldo 
Harry Kalas dies
Seventeen Intriguing Matchups on the 2009 NFL Schedule
The 5 most scandalous, titillating, and life-changing observations about the new baseball season.
Live Updates of First Match IPL 2 - Chennai Super Kings Vs Mumbai Indians!
Will Matthew Stafford and Mark Sanchez both go in the top 5?
Will the Chiefs trade Tony Gonzalez by draft weekend?
William “Refrigerator” Perry In Serious Condition
Report: Lions in final negotiations with quarterback Matthew Stafford
Your Blog Didn't Get Buzzed by ESPN? Don't Sweat It.
There’s a CBA storm brewing
Can a sports blogger outdraft Packer GM Ted Thompson?
Shocker: Report says A-Rod was on the juice while with the Yankees
ESPN = Evil Empire
Manny Ramirez will be suspended 50 games for positive test for drugs 
What kind of point guard is he? (A statistical method for classifying NBA point guards)
It is gone! No it's not...
 The genie is out of the bottle now. There's no putting it back. There will be a second NHL franchise in southern Ontario, sooner rather than later.
Why the NFL won't let you watch the Super Bowl online.
Which NBA teams will have cap space this summer?
Phelps beat in 100-meter freestyle, losing to French star Frederick Bousquet
 PGA Pro Hits Bullseye From 300 Ft. Elevated Tee (And Won You Free Chinese!)
Roy Halladay: the re-invention 
Hanging around the Verizon practice court: Sam Cassell expected-to-be-named Wizards assistant coach
Vikings’ Williams Wall and Saints’ Grant and Smith expected to be suspended four games
NBA Playoffs Rigged? - Superstar Politics - 
Kobe Stop Crying
Top five landing spots for Jake Peavy
Mike Tyson's Daughter Found Hanging From Cord
Gone in 77 seconds: Conseco loses MMA debut fight
Report: BCS directors might have lied about bowl game charity donations
Jose Canseco vs Hong-Man Choi [Vid]
Facebook can destroy some athletes' lives - this story proves it
Expert picks of Magic vs Cavs Series
Tennessee QB Crompton received death threats in 2008
Danica Patrick on PEDs: It's not cheating, if you don't get caught
Report: Westbrook out until Week 1 with high ankle sprain
Let's get this 37 year old his first ALL STAR GAME!  VOTE!
Is Kobe Bryant actually Pau Gasol’s sidekick?
Orioles' Top Prospect Wins World Series In First Major-League At Bat
Marián Hossa: I've made a huge mistake.
Yeah, There Are Steelers Fans In Iran
Perhaps you've heard me? I go to PGA tournaments and yell; Get in the HOLE!
Dolphins’ first round pick Vontae Davis was arrested on June 9
The Top 10 Sports Transformers of All-Time
Oklahoma mom sentenced to 5 years for stun gunning cheerleading coach
Spurs one up Cavs and Magic
Was Vick overrated? Only because media made him that way.
Marshall told police in ’07 that he “f***ing hated Denver”
A Futile Effort: Critiquing All-Star Voters
Kobe and Artest: A Match Made In the Shower
Nomar returns to Fenway
Andy Roddick interview after Wimbledon loss to Federer
Santonio Holmes Got A Tattoo, But Really Wants An ESPY Instead
Alfonso Soriano: Not Good Enough To Complain
Chargers RB, Curtis Brinkley, wounded in shooting
Jorge Posada catches a popout with his bare hands
Today is the 30th anniversary of Disco Demolition Night, one of the weirdest moments in baseball.
United Football League to introduce WiFi QB wristbands
Like it or not, Brock Lesnar is now the face of MMA
Video Reportedly Surfaces on TMZ of Jordan Crawford Dunk on LeBron James
Ricciardi: Blue Jays unlikely to trade Halladay
Life Is Hard When You’re The NFL’s Top Pick
Perfect Game Puts Mark Buehrle in Company of All-Time Greats like Koufax, Cy Young
The Tigers Offense Certainly Does Suck
Felipe Massa accident today | got hit by a spring :O
The Cleveland Cavaliers dance team held auditions, oh yeah!
Baseball Playing Robots Don't Need Steroids
Official statement from BMW : Leaving F1
Fantasy Baseball: Mr. Happy Neftali Feliz Has the Arm &amp; Role to Make Fantasy Owners Happy Too
University of Tennessee football coach Lane Kiffin and players have an orgy.
Michael Vick: Still no takers in the NFL for disgraced quarterback
Baby cries when she hears the Michigan fight song
1983 NFL Draft: Best Damn Draft Ever
David Wright says hello to a 94 mph fastball
Michael Vick and the problem with forgiveness
Since Brett seems content to make his swan song a swan overture, thought it appropriate to reflect on other events from way-back-when in 1991, the year Favre was drafted 33rd overall by the Atlanta Falcons. (Remember the Otzii the Iceman, or the original Sonic the Hedgehog?)
What's the most annoying cheer/act in sports?
Robin Hood or a female version of  Maddoff?
Shaq Struts His Stuff Wearing a Pink Speedo on the Beach
The new Linebacker U!
80 million European runners reveal their reasons to run
Trevor Hoffman: Still Standing
Any one else find it ridiculous that one of the biggest upsets of the U.S. Open is relegated to The Tennis Channel?
Is Shawne Merriman gonna have to choke a bitch?
The Cowboys can't even shut down their big screens properly
How to your improve golf swing with a simple but counterintuitive trick (this sounds...interesting, anyone ever tried it?  I recall a pro telling me to do this many years ago)
The Madden Curse is alive and well - 8 out of 11 years now
Remembering the Greatness that was Michael Jordan
Sources said Tequila walked into the room and Merriman asked her to join them. However, the sources said Tequila reacted angrily and threatened to have sex with a member of Merriman's entourage.
Virginia Mascot Gets Bucked Off Horse Entering Game, Sums Up Cavs Season [Video]
Ichiro Breaks Yet Another 100+ Year Old Record
More MJ [I Don't Care If You're Sick of Him Edition]
Shouldn't Ben be the one Suing Harrahs? This lady is a fucking whackjob money grubbing cunt who is a danger to all men. Lock her up now.
Duke University Football: NO HOMO.
MLB Represents Old Media Very Well
A coach's case for kicking conventional wisdom to the curb 
Reddit baseball fans, make your picks now:  NL/AL MVPs and Cy Young Awards.  Go ahead.  We're 152 games in.  Feel smart when you were right in advance.
Can't watch your football team on TV?  Try this.
Carlos Zambrano: “I’m Taking My Ball And Going Home!”
New 16 team arena football league launching to try to replace AFL.
Raiders coaching incident was a textbook case of felony assault
 Weightlifters do not make good QBs
we sittin here, i supposed to be franchise player, we in here talkin about practice...autotuned.
What’s in a Nickname? The Origins of All 30 NHL Team Names 
Derrick Rose and AK-47 at the Chelsea FC Game
Joe Torre succeeds because he treats his players as individuals, not a collection of physical attributes and statistical outcomes. He earns their respect by deserving their respect. His sincerity is pervasive and appreciated.
Nicklas Lidstrom Joins Yzerman, Howe, and Delvecchio in Red Wings 1,000 Point Club
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar’s Embarrassing Moment on Jeopardy
Connecticut Huskies CB Jasper Howard dies after campus stabbing.
What is happening to tailgating in America? - Rick Reilly 
Dodgers owner fires soon-to-be ex-wife as CEO
Repost: I'm Not A Yankee Fan, But If I Were, This Would Piss Me Off
Iowa squeaks it out against Michigan State on a last second TD.
Worst miss by football striker ever. Seriously, this one is for history books. [VIDEO]
Yankees win their 40th American League title.
Season over for Leon Washington: Do not go there, Richardson said Seymour warned him. The bone had broken through the skin.
Indians fans or Mets fans: Who should be most depressed right now?
The Egregious 8: Ranking The NFL’s Worst Teams
Noah Shows He’s Ready To Bang
Chad Ochocinco's Top 10 Bengals Moments (PICS)
Florida Gators linebacker Brandon Spikes suspended for first half - Mike Golic rips into Spikes
Muskegon Lumberjacks vs. Fort Wayne Komets All Out Brawl....THIS is why hockey is awesome.
An Open Letter to Rams GM Billy Devaney
Godzilla is now an MVP
The Yankees wrapped up the World Series tonight, and there haven't been this many douchebags on the streets of New York since the great vaginosis outbreak of '67.
It takes Rajon Rondo 12.75 minutes of playing time to make my annual salary. I'm a CPA who works for a 'Big 4' accounting firm.
The Yankees Payroll: The following is a screed about the Yankees payroll. If you are a Yankees fan uninterested in a screed about the payroll, don’t read it. You won’t enjoy it. Go out, buy a championship T-shirt, reminisce about this great team, enjoy the victory. I’m telling you: Don’t read it.
Champions of Baseball, but not of the Bronx
Purdue beats Michigan in Michigan for the 1st time since 1966.
Crazy fight in Bronx over Yankees win
Sammy Sosa speaks about skin lightener: I'm not a racist.
Tennessee Football Players Arrested for Armed Robbery
The Top 10 NBA Free Agents of 2010
The Vikings' E.J. Henderson knows how to throw a wedding (crazy wedding reception video)
The 5 Most Ridiculous Dunks of the Last Week
New Orleans Saints are 9-0
Bengals take over lead in AFC North by beating the Steelers
Stephen Jackson gone traded to Bobcats.
Bethel College Football Trick Play
Uga dead at age 28. (in dog years)
Tiger Stunned As He’s Loudly Booed At Stanford
Chicago Bears linebacker Lance Briggs: The world's toughest comic-book geek
Monster 6-Year-Old Lays Opponents The F**k Out
BREAKING: Tiger Woods seriously injured in single-car crash outside his home in Florida. Charges against him are pending.
Tiger Woods seriously injured in a car accident outside his house.
The 10 Most Horrific Sports Injuries Ever
The 8 Funniest Bobby Bowden Videos
Chinese CGI Rendering Of The Tiger Woods Fiasco. Nice Minivan, Tiger!
Insane Hit By Chad Jones (LSU) [VID]
I swear I never saw his putter!
Cubs Deal Jake Fox &amp; Aaron Miles To A's For 3 Prospects
Jack ties shoelace during live play; Bulls watch, twiddle thumbs
Amazing half court game winning buzzer beater
The Amazing 2009 Teddy Bear Toss [Vid]
It's Decided-Brian Kelly to be ND's New Coach
Army vs. Navy about more than just football
Tar Heels coach Roy Williams orders police to eject a fan from a home game for imploring the player not to miss a shot
Big Ten plans announcement on 'possible expansion': Realistically, who would you like to see join?
Barack Obama Watches Football While Solving Health Care Crisis (PIC)
No Longer Perfect: Dallas holds on to end the Saints' perfect season.
Saints lose for first time, beaten by Dallas 24-17 - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
SUV bought for USC tailback Joe McKnight's girlfriend, owner Scott Schenter says. In other news, effort put towards cover-ups at all-time low.
ESPN Classic is hosting a week of the best games of the decade. Here's the schedule
Cavaliers defeat Lakers 102 - 87 ending the Lakers winning streak
How they make World Cup Match soccer balls
On Sports Science, Is Drew Brees more accurate than an Olympic Archer?
Jay Cutler: 30 Picks Wouldn't Faze Me
Indianapolis Politician Wants Refund For Colts Fans
Steve Nash imitating Derek Zoolander: I'm just like you...but 10 times better.
Jim Caldwell: “The perfect season has never been one of our goals. Jason Whitlock: Knocking boots with Beyonce has never been one of my goals, but if presented the opportunity, you best believe I won’t labor through 20 minutes of foreplay and signal for Curtis Painter to finish the job.
Travis Pastrana's 269 ft New Year's Eve World Record Jump
Kobe Bryant never fails to deliver
Domino's Pizza CEO now Michigan athletic director
The Onion: African-Americans Go From Being No Good At Sports To Being Only Good At Sports
Why the Bowl Championship Series needs to be regulated: college football is a billion-dollar business, but one in which the benefits go to the few while most of the schools are awash in debt.
How can you not love Sidney Crosby after this...
Why Mike Martz' hiring in Chicago would be the death of Jay Cutler
Mark McGwire Admits He Played Baseball
Lane Kiffin comes across as a guy who was born on third base and acts as if he hit a triple.
Open Letter to Rick Reilly, following his distasteful article about a kid with brain cancer.
Bill Simmons: LeBron James has no ceiling on his potential
Trent Dilfer says Mark Sanchez's role as game manager isn't as easy as it appears
God-1, Oakland Athletics-0
Favre tops list of 10 worst passes in playoff history.  Congratulations, Gunslinger!
Is he the greatest?  Federer beats Tsonga 6-2, 6-3, 6-2 in Aussie Open semis.  That's 18 of the last 19 Slams that Roger has reached the final!
NFL Claims Ownership Of Popular Who Dat Saints Phrase
NFL trying to claim it owns the rights to the phrase Who Dat?
Interview with Drew Brees in August 2006: This city and I — we have some similarities. A lot of people think we may not come back.”  The first time in a huddle, he said I’m here to lead you to a Super Bowl and anything else is despicable.
New Orleans Moves To No. 3 In NFL Power Rankings
New Jersey Nets.... wow they're bad.
/r/sports - do you think it would be a good idea to post links to other sports subreddits in the description? eg. /r/hockey, /r/soccer, /r/basketball.. 
Interesting Report on Baseball in China
Marc Bulger cleans out locker, finished with Rams
Georgian luger who died on training run before Olympics: 'I'll either win or die'
Houston Astros lose their#1 fan, a nun that lived across the street from Minute Maid Park and rarely ever missed a home game
Yeah, that's an angry beaver flying at you at 80 mph. What are you gonna do about it?
I want to be friends with the Canadian woman's hockey team.  They look like fun.
NBA: 16 Reb, 17 Ast, 19 Pts... in ONE game.
48 year old defenseman Chris Chelios signed by the Atlanta Thrashers...could become the oldest player in NHL history.
Media eagerly spread claim that Obama plans to ban sport fishing | Media Matters for America
Tiger Woods to make his return at the Masters
New England Patriots have signed TE Crumpler
Did you have Kansas winning it all?
seeya later Kansas
Minnesota Twins closer Joe Nathan to miss season with elbow injury, Sorry Twins fans.
Joe Mauer and Twins agree on 8 year, $184 million contract
Hitler finds out KU lost.
The size and shape of Ben Roethlisberger's head: fat or roids?
Midget Muay Thai kick boxing! Nuff Said.
Brandon Jennings might be the best NBA rookie since Lebron. Here are his top 10 plays of the season.
Am I the only one watching the Women's 
Championship?  Go Stanford, break the streak!
HS baseball player dives over catcher's head Superman-style to tie game (video)
So guys, the World Cup is less than 2 months away. Who are you supporting, and why?
The Most Extreme Golf Hole in the World.  
Steve Nash Enjoy that sausage
What, in your opinion, is the greatest sports moment of all time? Why?
NFL football celebrations, too bad the No Fun League doesn't like them very much 
CNN reporting Colorado Rockies president found dead in hotel
NCAA tourney expands to 68 teams, inks new 14 year deal.  All games will be shown live on TV
DAE hate ESPN's draft coverage and suspense killing shots of the happy athlete on the phone who is about to get selected?
Cubs Fans Are A Delightful Treat For Man In Jim Edmonds Brewers Jersey
Alex Ovechkin is an asshole and hates children
Yo, Kobe... I got you an Orchid man.
I will not watch a single NBA game in 2010-2011 season if Kobe wins another title. Upvote if you're with me.
The U.S. 2010 World Cup official home kit revealed, and contest! - Dirty Tackle - World Soccer Blog - Yahoo! Sports
Lakers rally late to hold off Jazz in series opener
Red Bulls match '09 win total, send United to worst-ever start
Ouch. JaMarcus Russell cut from Raiders and clears waivers. His guaranteed 31 million argues for a rookie salary cap.
40,000 prostitutes ready and willing for the World Cup
Hey A-Rod, you're going down in history as a steriod user and Dallas Braden will go down as the 19th perfect game pitcher in the MLB. Suck it!
Suns Sweep Spurs with One Eyed Steve!
McNabb apologizes for not winning Super Bowl
Marlins SS Ramirez benched for not hustling
Lakers beat Suns 124-112; take 2-0 series lead in Western Conference final
One of the best traditions in all of Professional Sports.
Sorry Lebron but its true
R/sports.  It's T-minus 100 days until college football season.
Ball girl makes incredible catch at college baseball game
Robbed!!!
Lakers take game 1 in the 2010 NBA finals.
Jim Joyce ruins other great moments in history
Legendary basketball coach Wooden dies
Kid at Phillies game caught drinking a beer on TV
New York wishing on a star for LeBron James
Fantastic World Cup advert. Lets all play some football. One World. One Game. Chant.
Is anyone else turning off the sound for WorldCup games because of those &amp;*@damned horns !?! Here's the story on those cursed pieces of junk.
Hey guys, can we try to not post the outcome of World Cup games in the titles.
Vuvuzelas banned!
Lakers edge Celtics in Game 7, win 16th title
Golfer scores amazing 2 hole-in-ones in the same round
Wayne Rooney vs. Dirty Sanchez
Apparently something happened in soccer just now.  :P
63-63
Hey Italy
URUGUAY 2 - 1 South Korea
Hey, LA, hear that 50:50 ratio of Dodgers-to-Yankees fans? That's why everyone thinks your city's sports fans are a joke.
Cincinnati Bengals WR Chris Henry suffered from a chronic brain injury that may have influenced his mental state and behavior before he died last winter, West Virginia University researchers said Monday.

Oh, we've heard this one before...
World Cup: Referees with botched calls removed from World Cup list
Bill Simmons is crazy...but great article. 
Why is there a '#6 James' jersey in the Bulls store at NBA.com
FIFA considering banning Luis Suarez (Uruguayan striker who had a hand ball against Ghana) from the final, should Uruguay make it
Nadal wins 2nd Wimbledon over Berdych 6-3, 7-5, 6-4
Study finds Phillies fans less likely to 'boo' after win 
RIP Cleveland. 
Lebron, Wade, Bosh. Which players do you think will jump the bandwagon?
Name the crimes of LeBron James
LeBron James ego now has its own Twitter account
LeBron James, Dwayne Wade, Chris Bosh sign with Miami Heat for $15M less each
I know Spain won and concratulations to them but Holland deserves some respect. They're still king without a crown, 16 million inhabitants. If you live in Amsterdam, please pay your respect tomorrow.
Yankees Owner George Steinbrenner is Dead.  Long live King George!
Why am I so anti-LeBron when I still root for Tiger?
Timberwolves President: Beasley smoked too much pot
Perfect MLB Power Rankings
Yao Ming: “If the foot injury does not heal next season, I might choose to call it quits.”
Time to kick Vanderbilt out of the SEC
Fan wearing a LeBron James Heat jersey escorted out of Cleveland Indians game [w PIC]
Why couldn't the Phillies have just kept Cliff Lee, dammit!
Could the Red Sox really sit on their hands and not make any trade?
One of the greatest catches in any sport that I've ever seen. And it's from an ultimate frisbee game. Absolutely insane
Bitch on Jeopardy doesn't care about football.  She shouldn't have barely won for writing down Jacksonville Panthers
J.P. Arencibia's first ever at bat and first ever pitch hit for a 2 run homerun!!!
Gary Busey: Fantasy Football Lawyer
Looks like the Reddit Fantasy Football League filled up quick, so I set up Reddit League 2.
Team USA Rides Kevin Durant To 1 Point Win Over Spain
Who says a ballboy can't score?
The Best Fringe Athletes to Follow on Twitter 
Thierry Henry's First MLS Goal
MJ v. Kobe
They don't make them much dumber and less talented than you, Matt Leinart
I take your US Open fight and your Marlins/Nationals fight, and raise you this video from the stands of last night's Miami/Florida A&amp;M game.  
So... what the hell is going on with the Tech/B.State game?
It is becoming apparent to me that Kevin Durant is the best basketball player in the world. And I think it's neat that he plays in Oklahoma City, rather than NY, LA or South Beach.
I'm watching the Jets v Ravens game, and I don't particularly like or dislike either team, but I really fucking hate Fireman Ed.  Why the hell do they cut to him every time the clock stops?
Rivers: At first I was like...but then...
How NFL teams got their nicknames.
Pittsburgh Penguins 2010-2011 Off-Season Review &amp; Preview
Reggie Bush: I have made the difficult decision to forfeit my title as Heisman winner of 2005.
Whoever comes up with these fake Facebook profiles is hilarious. Take Tony Romo's, for instance...
Oregon State is painting one of its grass practice fields blue this week to prepare for Boise State's Smurf Turf
Mascot fights are nothing new in college football: A video tour.
Jose Canseco chronicles his decline on Twitter
85 Years of Bears-Packers History 
After 10,000 years, the Brits have finally found a sport they're (moderately) good at
Did anyone else see Carl Cheffers struggle with the calling on the play a bunch of times at the Cowboys v Texans game? Funny stuff
George Blanda — ready to strap it on in heaven in case something happens to God
ESPN3 Simulator - put this commercial on repeat
Vols got screwed.
Brian Cushing is a bad ass!
ESPN Sports Bodies (NSFW Probably). Interesting pictures.
Roy Halladay pitches a no-hitter
Two More Women Who Worked With Jets Received Lewd Texts From Favre
Yet another Texas Tech Onside Kick FAILURE.
OMG I just called ESPN radio about the JETS/VIKINGS and....
Re: Today's NLCS game: Apparently FOX is as willing to cover up obvious bullshit in baseball as they are in politics.
I respond to the meatheads about the softening of the NFL
The NFL's crackdown on helmet-to-helmet hits prompts Dolphins' Channing Crowder to suggest players wear pink every game, not just on the breast cancer months
How many of you aren't used to this idea yet? [pic]
Anyone else think the Giants-Rangers series will probably garner some horrible TV ratings even if it is a good series?
LeBron wants you to know that he doesn't care what you think.
Dear Lebron James,
If every NBA player wore their headband upside down and refused to pay the fine, would the commissioner dare to suspend all of them?
Molina revisits San Francisco, with an important catch. He gets a WS Ring even if Texas loses.
Love or hate the guy, LeBron's new Nike commercial is badass.
Someone at ESPN3 is not a Kobe fan. This is the picture they used for the loading screen for the Lakers game.
Bow. Down.
I think this Rangers fan is upset
Randy Moss released by Vikings
A BIG congrats to the SF Giants! And an even bigger F YOU to Chuck Greenberg, part owner of the Texas Rangers. Criticize us Yankee fans when your team actually wins a WS.
8 Chicks That Got Turned On By The Giants Win [nsfw-ish]
Report: Derek Jeter Demands to be Paid $1 Million for Each Intangible
i'm getting a weird sense of deja vu. did the LA Times plagiarize an article that nba.com published 3 years ago 
Wade Phillips Fired
Best dunker in the NBA.
Jeter now has more SS Gold Gloves than all but four players... and that's pretty messed up.
Hockey fight ends not long after it starts....
Is it just me or is OchoCinco a bit too public about this now?
Only one end zone to be used at Wrigley for Illinois-Northwestern game on Saturday
Why is it that we are still so sexist......?
No way the Miami Heat are even close to the best team in the NBA.
I don't care if James Naismith was guarding me, which would be scary because he's dead.
2010 MLS Cup ends in extra time...on own goal!!
Proof that the Minnesota Vikings really do suck this year [pic]
I am taking up a collection....
Is it time to start to discuss: Is Dwyane Wade overrated?
Pro Tip: Never post anything about sports ever again.
Is anyone else watching this Boise State-Nevada game right now at 1:48am(EST)? Its absolutely insane.
A BCS shitstorm is about to breakout as more and more people realize Boise State may have scored the game-winning field goal that was denied.
At least the Pats are successful when taping other teams.
This is my dad's office at our house. I'm really starting to worry for him, I think he has a problem. He discovered the wonders of ebay a couple months ago and he hasn't looked back since.
Fuck Yeah, Russia to host 2018 World Cup.  
Qatar, Russia to host 2018, 2012 World Cup respectively
Cowboys beat the colts in OT.
Just the Zs left..it should say Grilies not Girlies
two things aren't alike in this crowd...answer in comments
Urban Meyer is stepping down as the head coach of Florida
Pirates Blow Entire Off-Season Budget Sending GM To Winter Meetings 
Why is unranked Connecticut getting a bid for  the fiesta bowl?
BREAKING NEWS: one of the biggest advancements in race relations since Jackie Robinson broke the color barrier, the Red Sox sign a black player.
Another reason to love Ron-Ron.
Cam Newton wins Heisman Trophy.
Footage of the Metrodome Roof Collapsing
Hi, /r/sports. I recently got an opportunity to pay off my school dues through selling ESPN subscriptions (2 years for $40, $30 of which will go towards my dues). Please upvote this so if anyone is interested in subscribing/gifting a subscription will see this post :) (more details inside)
Desoto County High School Basketball Player Attacks, Tosses Referee [Video]
Favre's 297 starts vs. other incredible streaks 
Are we really going to have the World Cup in a place like this?
Cardinals cheerleader panic
11 Million Views.  Georgia vs. Auburn helmet to helmet hit.
Forever With Rome
Looks Like John Madden has been replaced...
WATCH: You don't expect this at an Under-12s soccer game!!!
It's going to be a crazy year in Philadelphia next season...[pic]
49ers just sacked Singletary
(1)UCONN's women lose to (8)Stanford. The 90 game win streak is over after a 71-59 loss
YES! THE STREAK IS OVER
Video: Nasty end to Winter Classic; no Penguins/Capitals handshake - Puck Daddy - NHL - Yahoo! Sports
MMA Fighter and chiropractor Jacob Volkmann On Obama: 'Someone Needs To Knock Some Sense Into That Idiot' (VIDEO)
Being a Falcon's fan, I have to root against the 
Eagles, but for some reason...
ESPN Pushing Suns to Trade Steve Nash-Nash Doesn't Want Out of Phoenix
Paying college athletes to play won't work, will never work, but paying them to learn and to graduate is a concept that's time has come
So now that the Seahawks won, can we all agree that they are clearly better than the Saints and deserved that home game?
MLS franchise Philadelphia Union choose worst jersey sponsorship possible...
Dear Rex Ryan,
James, Wade, Bosh Unveil New Rules For Basketball (Onion Sports Dome)
Don't be silly Adrian Peterson (yep, this is her...enjoy)
Brett Favre's sister forced to retire...from meth manufacturing.
Hey Tom Brady, Enjoy the Off-Season With Your Hot-Ass Wife!  But Seriously, Fuck The Patriots.
Which is More Unnecessary: the Headband or the Arm Sleeve?
Most Successful Sports Cities
Whether he's hurt or not, can we all agree that Cutler is a whiny little bitch
Jay Quitler, The T-Shirt
Football: why is it considered boring by everyone except Americans?
Bill Maher breaks down sports and politics: the NFL is for Democrats while Major League Baseball is for Republicans
Remember shawn kemp? I was just reminded why I would not want him to dunk on me
Keyshawn Johnson can't remember the last time he cried.
NHL hit of the year candidate: Alex Ovechkin destroys P.K. Subban
3 fights and two goals in first 1:20 of Boston/Dallas Hockey game.
How much do I detest the Packers?  I would rather root for a two-time (alleged) rapist.
Video: Blake Griffin protects the rim and takes out Al Horford in the process
I would never wanna be in the octagon with one of these guys, but... this is still REALLY gay.
Most Masculine Superbowl Ever? (nsfw)
 Green Bay Packers Won The Superbowl 
Hey reddit, can we agree that everyone should be happy for this guy.
Michael Vick confronted by Dallas radio host who now owns one of Vick's former dogs. What do you think of Vick's reaction?
Reddit what is the best/greatest sporting event you have ever been to?
No, A Coach Donating His Kidney To A Player Isn’t An NCAA Violation; Yes, They Had To Make Sure First
LeBron yells at heckler I don't care what you say to me. I don't give a fuck what you say to show that he doesn't care what the fan was saying.
Lemieux does realize Matt Cooke is on his team, right?
All of Blake Griffin's Dunks in the Slam Dunk Contest, Including the Over Hyped Car Dunk.
Hey, do any of you guys know how I would go about getting this video noticed by SportsCenter?
Breaking News - Melo to Knicks
The Physics Behind Ball Design
Breaking News! Chris Bosh wins Best Supporting Actress at the Oscars!
The sports world finally takes a stand against male cheerleaders grabbing balls during the game
the most sensible answer that I've heard regarding Michael Vick and it came from....Mike Tyson!
Blake Griffin Car Dunk Comparison
What's your favorite reference that Sportscenter uses to highlight clips?
Stay Classsy, Milton: Bradley Accused of Hitting Wife With Glass Table Top 
Are you fucking kidding me NYKs?
The Lakers, continuing to look impressive since the all star break, trounce the Spurs in San Antonio
The 2012 London Olympics have nothing on these guys when it comes to offensive sports logos.
Hey Reddit, my cousin committed to play hockey for the University of Maine. He's 14.
This Video Of Tom Brady ‘Dancing’ At Carnival Should Include A Barfbag
LeBron sued...by a nightclub
Someone please show Blake Griffin this video
This only makes you look stupid, NBA. You do know there are actual spanish words for bulls heat mavericks etc. You know that, right?
Cris Collinsworth was aboard waterfront seafood restaurant that broke from dock, floated downstream Ohio River
A friend spotted this on the train and sent it to me.
Hook 'em Horns :'(
Tressel DID forward the emails...to Terrelle Pryor's mentor instead of his bosses at OSU.
ACC hypocritical in its rejoicing of Big East's failing
Interesting article by VCU coach Shaka Smart's brother
I sort of want this VCU shirt because it is the truth.
How *I* feel about Opening Day....
Steve Nash's ex-wife cheated on him with former teammate.  And had his baby!
Downmode me all to hell: I don't care. This championship game is a dramatic snoozefest with horrible shooting, fouls galore, and more missed shots than 
Dejan Stankovic Scores Incredible Goal From half Field for Inter Milan 20 Seconds Into Match - VIDEO
The Blackhawks are headed back to the Stanley Cup Playoffs!
The NHL playoffs are upon us! Here's the first round schedule, discuss.
Prince made me Gay! (Actual Complaint to CBS after 2007 Superbowl)
On this day in 1947 Jackie Robinson became the first black player in the MLB. He withstood an incredible amount of racism to blaze a trail for all people of color in major sports. 
Are you ready for the NBA PLAYOFFS?! T-10 minutes
The biggest douche in sport is.....a black Italian?
You may remember this guy for headbutting Materazzi in the World Cup Final 2006. What a lot of you don't know is how unbelievably talented this guy was. Long live Zizou. 
Great story on Josh Shelby showing why the one and done rule is bad for the athlete and the school
Real Salt Lake is currently battling for the Championship of North America, on FSC or Telefutura
Christian Ponder? CHRISTIAN PONDER? Any other Minny fans upset?
The Greatest Play In Baseball - Rick Monday Saves the American Flag from being burned during a game
Bulls coach Tom Thibodeau wins NBA coach of the year.
Colleges cut men’s programs to satisfy Title IX
Rashard Mendenhall doesn't believe a plane can take down a skyscraper. From his official Twitter account.
Rashard Mendenhall is a moron
Mavs up 2-0 going home
No, fuck you Mel Kiper... we don't need a 2012 mock draft 10 months before the college season even wraps
Grizzlies come back from 16 down to win in OT
Did Rondo just break his arm?
Through The Rec Specs: Episode 3 - NFL Draft, NBA Playoffs
TIL a major reason for the Dallas Cowboys' dynasty of the 90's -- The Great Train Robbery
Kobe Post-Game Meltdown. [VIDEO]
Why I hate football
To Live &amp; Die in LA
Rangers forward Boogaard dead at 28
I have a new game I like to play when watching OKC games....
The most insanely in-depth analysis of Dennis Rodman
University of Maryland's men's lacrosse team pulls off a hidden-ball trick to remember. Do you need the replay?
Am I doing this right?
I personally gained a lot of respect for Grant Hill when I saw this PSA.  Anyone else agree?
Really? the crawl seems to disagree
Move over Rondo, Ginobili played with an arm so injured it wasn't even humerus
Touching new NBA Playoff video about Jordan's Father's Day championship win.
Dirk - That's the old trick...Oops I spilled some water
Please tell me that Reddit saw Doris Burke get blown off by the entire Mavericks team?
How annoying is Reggie Miller?
To Miami, From Bulls Fans
Barry Bonds Admits to Steroid Use, But Only To Shrink His Massive Testicles
Didn't know you have to PAY to get to a championship.
And the award for the classiest player in the NBA goes to...Mike Bibby! (Watch him towards the left side of the Miami bench)
Atlanta Thrashers moving to Winnipeg -- Press conference expected this morning
MLB Power Rankings: Royals On Top, Phillies At The Bottom
The reason why I hate the Heat is because I think they are ruining the NBA.
Without a doubt, the best soccer throw-in you'll see today.  Maybe ever.
DAE notice how Lebron and Wade treat each other like such bros? Legit respect, I love it. 
Holy Shit.  Was that not one of the most exciting games in these playoffs so far?  DALLAS SO BIG.
Dear Reddit (and entire sports community), the joke took X's talents to South Beach, isn't funny anymore. Stop immediately.
What Mr. McMahon thinks of internet wrestling fans (xpost from r/wwe)
Dirk Nowitzki mic'd in December after a Kidd-Chandler alley-oop: OOOH. TAKE THAT WIT CHEW!
Advice to Heat: Learn to live with criticism you sparked 
Ohio State ranked number #1 out of the A.P. top 25 in academics.  This is the type of program Tressel always promoted, but the media will never give him that credit.  
Does anyone actually like Bill Simmons?
This is not acceptable.
Dwyane Wade: My Life as an NBA Single Dad
Lebron: Just Do It 
June 7, 2011:  Lebron James.  He fucked around and got a triple single
Sounds like A-Rod had a rough night!
Please, David Stern: don't suspend ANYONE for Game 7 if there is one.
The Dallas Mavericks defeat the Miami Heat to win the NBA Championship!
Dallas Mavericks are your 2011 NBA Champions
LeBron James, the Most Hated Athlete in America
MJ responds to Pippen's comments...
The Pittsburgh Pirates are above .500 with the 3rd lowest payroll in baseball.
6 Awesome Sports Fan Riots
My Vancouver Hero
John Isner and Nicolas Mahut, who set the record for longest tennis match ever last Wimbledon, are scheduled to play each other in this year's Wimbledon as well
This is me catching a foul ball like a bauce.  Any chance anyone else recorded the full game?! I would love the full footage. 
Ichiro, number 1! Anybody complain?
Good article on how honest is not the best policy for Marlins players (for all 26 fans of the team)
Playing pool in Duke Nukem Forever...
This kind of analysis is what I expect from ESPN in all sports.  Well done Michael Cox
College World Series 2010 - My drunken friend recorded this when Erin Andrews says no to a pre-teen, who asked for an autograph, he mentions THE video.  Watch what ensues!
Baseball is what America was 50 years ago, Football is what America is now...what sport is America of the future?
Soccer player Van Persei practices diving
Maryland edges Syracuse in OT
Stay Classy Minnesota Twins Fans
Soccer has a long way before it becomes acceptable to middle America
It’s Time to Stop Saying American Soccer is Struggling Because the Best Athletes Are Playing Other Sports, it assures our national self worth but does little else
Fireworks at Turner Field on July 4th (x-post from /r/braves)
What is the single most devastating hit you've ever seen? (Football, Hockey, Boxing, MMA, whatever) A link to a video would be appreciated
Get up Bitch.
How incredibly racist (and hilarious) Wingstop...
I think the graphic designers at WNBA.com had a hard time in math class.
Current Major League Baseball standings (all time)
Tyson at his Prime.... if you dont know now you know...
French TV car hits Tour de France rider Flecha and knocks rider Hoogerland through a barbwire fence. [vid]
Tour de France crashes - in pictures

After another carnage-ridden stage of the 2011 Tour de France, we look back at the crashes that have marred this year's race

There are no Big Four games being played today.
Title IX Needs a 21st Century Makeover
Another example why the Phanatic is the best mascot in sports...
Is there a broadcaster you guys actually like?
How can we watch the NFL, with all the health and healthcare issues, and not feel like absolutely terrible human beings?
Colon Pounded
If the NBA misses an entire season, how will the draft order be determined?
I do not give a damn about Darren Clark. 
Well, no World Cup for us...but in all fairness I think Japan deserved it, c'mon a fucking tsunami wiped them out.
Petterson Vying For Second Win At America's Hat...errr Canadian Open
Even if you don't know anything about Aussie rules football, this is pretty amazing
Tour de France: Mark Cavendish wins historic green jersey
Ron Artest pranked by Jimmy Kimmel [funny!]
Lochte beats Phelps to win 200-meter freestyle World Championship
What does it take to get a goddam record around here?
What happens to ESPN headlines when you have a shortened NFL signing period and the MLB trade-deadline coming up.
This is still my favorite sports gif
NFL reinstates former New York Giants receiver Plaxico Burress after almost two years in jail on gun charges
Those Jumps Made Me Jump!! OMG
Taylor Price steals the show in Patriots win, and other game notes.

Boy Makes $50K Hockey Shot, But It's The Wrong Boy!
Scumbag ESPN.  As of 8:37am PST, the front story on their COLLEGE FOOTBALL page is NOT about Miami, but this....
Oh, come on! Don't take this away from us Cubs fans...
He's eyes really are that piercing blue.
New Meadowlands Stadium to be called MetLife Stadium in 20 year deal worth $20 million each year
Earthquake?? Think again
LeBron James takes forever to jump off a diving board.... proves yet again that he is a pussy.
TIL that John McDonald was once essentially traded for himself.
Is he White Michael Vick? or just Nate Schierholtz playing football?
This is my grandfather. He is considered to be the world's greatest athlete for his age division (90-94). He's also a pretty good singer.
Why I wrote 'If Michael Vick were White?'
NCAAF Fans: If you had to introduce your team...
Hitler's reaction to Tebow not starting
How much will Vick bring home next year from his $100 million/6 year contract?  Under two million.
Stop smoking all that weed! (for now...)
Lovie Smith Says Voices In Headset Keep Calling Him Idiot (onion)
ESPN showed the Minneapolis skyline during last night's Wisconsin-UNLV game
Michael Jordan had a 48 vertical? What?!
So I downloaded the Madden 12 demo...
Dear Yahoo! Sports, Death isn't a transaction.
How bad would our athletes dominate foreign sports if they played them? Not that they would since our sports make more money, but hypothetically speaking...
What's the greatest rivalry in sports?
An awesome video of Ronaldo being tested with a pro sprinter. See the differences for yourself!
But it was Ortiz who turned dirty with the intentional head-butt, not Mayweather, who was well within his rights to throw the punches that ended the fight.
Mike Tyson doesn't think Glen Rice banged Sarah Palin hard enough
How To Bang Sarah Palin (Flowchart) 
A tale of some football fans
If you think your fantasy football team is banged up...
Braves are up 3 games in the Wild Card race!
The NFL's New Rules Are a Disaster
10.5 games back from the Braves on 8/25, Cardinals come back to take NL wild card
Where are the soccer logos?
You know what the NFL really needs, r/sports?
Jets or Ravens.
Only in Soccer: Yet another boring 0-0 no action game leads to sex in the stands. This sport will never succeed in America.
This was my status at halftime during the Cowboy game Sunday. I will never make this mistake again.
Hey Reddit, how would you change your favorite sports?
my first experience with sports betting
American basketball player beaten to death in bar fight over woman in Romania
Nelson Cruz wraps up game 2 of the ALCS with a walk off grand slam via the BOOMSTICK!
David Stern cancels the first two weeks of the NBA season
My reaction to NBA games being canceled [FIXED]
Scumbag Quarterback
Soccer is right behind Kathy Gifford's clothes as the worst thing ever created by a 3rd world country
Ranking The Most Expensive Beers In Major League Baseball
We've had American football, Australian football and cricket, now its time to explain soccer
The Invisible Fastball -- Six decades ago, a minor league pitcher accomplished something we'll never see again.
ASU got fucked.
Was Peyton Manning the only thing holding the Colts back from their current awfulness?
How is it possible for Cal's record to be wrong on three different sites?
ESPN... I'm pretty sure that's not Miles Austin
10 year anniversary of PTI today. 1st episode video
Two men from the school newspaper get owned by field hockey girls in a Pro's vs Joe's 
New Zealand has won the Rugby World Cup, for the first time in 24 years. 
As a kid, I had no idea who Babe Ruth was before I saw this movie 
Badass Texas pitcher Derek Holland interviews Ian Kinsler as Harry Caray
Apparently Tony Romo's marriage is contingent upon his wife's ability to bear him a child.
Matt Holliday
What is the biggest personal sporting moment in your life?
Eat it Phillip rivers! Go chiefs!!
What's the general consensus on Aaron Rodgers outside of Wisconsin?
Dodge, duck, dip, dive, and DO A FUCKING BACKFLIP
I drew a cartoon of two of my favourite sportsmen: LeBron James (Basketball) and Andrés Iniesta (Soccer). What do you think?
Patriots cut Albert Haynesworth
Penn State
Philosoraptor weighs in on the Penn State scandal
Penn State needs to STFU. Why isn't the NCAA doing something?
Why is there more hate on reddit for Paterno than for the actual rapist?
Sports Illustrated article from 1999 about Sandusky retiring, disturbing to read now. 
Sandusky Pimping out Boys to Donors
Greatest Moments in Sports History
TIL: The DA who didn't charge Sandusky has been missing since 2005
Hey Raiders fans, when you're born are you already on parole or does that come later?
Something Is Rotten At Penn State - The Dish | By Andrew Sullivan - The Daily Beast
Jonathan Papelbon signs with the Phillies; 4yrs, $50million
Penn State football
Sickest NCAA punt return of the season
Sandusky claims his innocence...adding further damage to the lives he has destroyed
USA Pickleball - Why didn't I know about this?
Sick MLS goal
Had McQueary walked in on Sandusky raping a child inside a YMCA locker room, the then-28-year-old McQueary very well may have beaten the then-58-year-old, weaponless Sandusky within inches of his life and rescued the young boy.
Gotta love some bad editing over rugby clips
Wow, ESPN finally writes a rational article about Penn State? AFTER they've already crucified everyone in State College? Too little too late ESPN...
Scumbag Sports Networks
Son: Joe Paterno has lung cancer - CNN.com
One of the best and most brutal football articles I've ever read: Kris Jenkins’s View of Life in the N.F.L. Trenches 
I'm proud to present Scumbag BCS
Michelle Obama booed at NASCAR race. Was that to be expected? 
International Trick Shot Battle - USA vs. Australia (x/post r/videos)
Rob Gronkowskis Flying Touchdown - that actually looks like it really hurt.
Broncos cut QB Kyle Orton
NBA owners and player agree to a tentative labor deal.  Season could start Christmas day
Syracuse basketball coach Bernie Fine accused of molestation - NCAA Basketball - SI.com
My Current Background At Work - I share an office with an Eagles fan.
Listening to news about the Indy Colts this morning and hear this:
Sources -- Boston Celtics would deal Rajon Rondo to land Chris Paul 
Fan or Not, Lebron is an absolute beast athletically in this video
NBA Players make an average $5.2 Million a year and they are complaining about money?!?!
Honestly, as a Redskin fan, this is all I'm hoping we get out of this year...
This sums up the day so far...
Soo close! The top 6 made the playoffs. I missed them by 2 yards!!
SDSU, really?
Do they just pay Skip Bayless to be wrong at this point?
Chris Paul Traded to Lakers  planet | Meme Generator
Living in Wisconsin...
Does anyone besides me still have questions/doubts about Tim Tebow?
Do you guys think fines might be more effective and useful if instead of paying a monetary fee, athletes had to commit hours to doing community service events?
Dan Sturridge is now in the big league
Kendrick Perkins drops 32 pounds during the NBA lockout.
So one of my good friends is having some guy named Barry Sanders come over to watch football on Sunday...
Remember everyone, the Clips are cursed.  
(hope Chris Paul's knees don't explode.) 
Our American sports and our sports organization (revenue sharing, salary caps...etc) are objectively better. Why doesn't the rest of the world accept them and convert to our system?
Soccer ball blows up in middle of game
David Stern lied about 3-way Lakers, Rockets, Hornets deal. If this is true he should be fired.
'72 Dolphins pop champagne, but '07 Pats crack a Fanta and go out on the deck to think
The irony in r/sports
Todd O'Brien: St. Joe's won't give release to play at UAB 
Who else just saw Roethlisberger Tebowing?
Tim, this doesn't look very Christian to me...
Could we add r/rowing to the sidebar please?
Five players to watch in the 2011-12 NBA season

Worst failed dunk ever
Is Greg Oden’s Team Photo the Saddest thing you've ever seen?
Jerome Simpson(Bengals) does FRONT FLIP into endzone!!!
Awesome Intro to the NBA Season
(X-post from/r/hockey) ESPN forgets all the Hockey deaths in 2011
Philadelphia 76ers guard Lou Williams turned a would-be robbery into a chance for community outreach

Teen banned from playing high school basketball after a coach's Samaritan act.
How NBA players reacted to the news they can smoke weed...
Okay. Fuck it. I'm man enough to admit it. My new favorite guilty pleasure? Watching Stephen A. Smith and Skip Bayless bicker.
Happy Birthday
DeAnthony Arnett can move home for his sick dad, but only on Tennessee’s terms - Coach Sucks
Mark Cavendish believes he can succeed at both this year's Tour de France and the Olympics, which will be held just six days later
Russian hockey player gives post-game interview of the year
A dastardly HS bball game, plenty of flagrant fouls.
This is usually how I play basketball. The key reason I'm not on a team. 
Peter King did a top 10 RB's of all time list. The guy at number 7, Marion Motley, did so with a leather helmet and appears to have played in Chuck Taylor's as well. 
NDSU wins FCS National Championship!
How is Tebow still doing this?!?!?
Is Tim Tebow Jesus?

Tebow 3:16 says I just upset your ass!
Giants fan but wow, #Tebow that's what the fuck a champion looks like. - Lady Gaga?
Carrie Underwood was talking about Tebow's 4th Quarter/OT game plan.
An Open Letter to Tim Tebow
LSU's punter Brad Wing is a douchebag
On the bright side, at least the SEC will lose its first Nat'l Championship.
Every time Alabama kicked a field goal tonight
Poll: Tim Tebow is U.S.' favorite active pro athlete
Kobe Bryant hangs 40 on Jazz as Lakers secure first road win
New Kevin Durant fathead mural 4 hours after putting it up

Beast unknown trickshot!
10 Reasons American Football is more fun than Football
Kobe goes for 40-plus again as Lakers beat Cavs
Former Denver Broncos owner Edgar Kaiser dies
Wrestling is fake (comic)
Vince Wilfork in High School
So it turns out that the Italian Cruise ship had ties to the owner of the Miami Heat
Only watch this if you have 13 seconds of your life to waste
Cougars mascot name shot down because it might offend middle-aged women.  No, I'm not kidding.
If Micheal Vick...were made of barbeque spare ribs? Would you eat him?
So what did you guys think about  the Super Classico, did Barca...ah fuck it, nobody cares about soccer here. Lets talk about our Super Bowl predictions.
Joe Paterno
Why all the hate
Winter X Games 2012: Sarah Burke Tribute
Tonight Was A Bar Fight, Craig. You Ever Been In A Bar Fight?
really...Wyoming?
2 of the 5 of the dead bodies in Alabama
my kind of super bowl party
Tough Guy 2012 competition: The toughest race in the world
Explaining Lebron's Dunk
Boycott Sportscenter please
Linebacker signs with Auburn over Clemson because there were no Chick-Fil-A's on Clemson campus
L.A. BANDWAGON T-SHIRT, As seen on TV (Last night's game!)
Who else thinks Rachel Nichols is an annoying bitch??
Plans to Build a New NBA Arena in Seattle Well Under Way
My family's table for the super bowl. Doing it right?
My high school wanted to do something spirited for a basketball game against our rival. Did we do good?
newest superbowl gif
Head Kick KO in 4 Amazing Pics
That didn't take long. Good for Eli Manning - I wonder what happened to all the Tom Brady ones?
Is Jeremy Lin's performance evidence that NBA scouts too often seek out cookie-cutter talent?
In response to company that drops 900lbs of butterfingers on Boston street to take a stab at Wes Welker, mayor Menino fines company $1000 for dumping
looks like tom failed the sit-and-reach in the presidential fitness exam..
New York Giants running back Brandon Jacobs:  Gisele should 'be cute, shut up'
Philadelphia Eagles QB Michael Vick is honored… as America’s Most Disliked Athlete
Duke's Austin Rivers hits a 3 at the buzzer to sink the Tar Heels
Have my opinions changed on Lin?
Linsanity...Nerds Infiltrating the NBA
Jeremy Lin Drops 38 and beats the Lakers
Let's just replace random nouns with Jeremy Lin, because that's how it feels like.
Detroit Red Wings tie NHL record with an impressive 20 home game win streak
Sports media is quickly running out of Jeremy Lin puns
My high school wrestling team just won the states last night! Please reddit vote for us as best team in the state! Vote Bergen Catholic!
15 reasons to be obsessed with Jeremy Lin (besides the obvious)
Fox Sports' Jason Whitlock apologizes for Jeremy Lin tweet
Flyod Mayweather showing his ignorance once again, comments about Jeremy Lins race.
Seriously, Knicks fans?
Absolutely unreal dunk in DII basketball game
Men’s Basketball Loses Two
The Alarming Rise of Jeremy Lin's Black Antagonists
Career-high assists for Jeremy Lin as Knicks rout the Kings - BostonHerald.com
what would happen if?
More evidence that Lebron is a self centered piece of garbage.
Jeremy Lin kiss from Landry Fields
OVER HYPED: Lin with 5 turnovers against the Hornets in the first quarter 
Jeremy Lin and the New York Knicks: The Science Behind Winning - The Daily Beast
Racially Lin-sensitive 
Ray Allen is an all time great
You know who fixed Jeremy Lin’s shot? A girls basketball coach in Northern California. 
I knew Russell Westbrook couldn't put up those types of numbers
2009-2012 Youth Basketball Registrations by Race
Is it fair to say it's World Series or bust for the Philadelphia Phillies?
Amazing Cliff Jumps and Dives
Congrats to Temple legend Mark Macon and the Binghamton basketball team on their 1st win!
The Ex-ESPN Editor Who Wrote The Offensive Jeremy Lin Headline Has Explained Himself In A Heartfelt Statement
Still the most depressing sports photo I've ever seen...
Jeremy Lin went from 45,000 followers to 500,000 in just one week
I'm not the one you should ask..
Carmelo Anthony and Kobe Bryant Heckle LeBron James After Last Second Pass
The man who wrecked his NASCAR into a jet dryer at the Daytona 500...
US beats Italy 1-0
I think California is a little bitter
Late combine entry.  She's got the work ethic teams want out of a young player.
Maccabi Haifa goalkeeper kicks wind assistance to score bizarre own goal 
Any college hockey fans out there?  Nate Schmidt from Minnesota dives to keep the puck in the zone, jukes one defender, and takes a slapper upper 90 to win the McNaughton Cup outright. 
UConn notches second Big East victory with OT win over West Virginia - NCAA Basketball - SI.com
VIDEO: Lionel Messi's 5 goals for Barcelona against Bayer Leverkusen, a new Champions League record
Phelps, Jordon, the Miracle on Ice amongst the most Exhilarating Finishes in Sports 
Philippine tax officials have filed a criminal complaint against boxing champion and lawmaker Manny Pacquiao for failure to submit documents to investigators looking into his tax returns.
Canada's Nick Zoricic dies after skicross crash 
The NCAA, tired of criticism from data geeks and TV commentators about how it selects and seeds the men’s basketball tournament, had a brilliant insight a couple of years ago. If these pundits were so smart, why not invite them into the process and see if they could do any better themselves?
Report: If Broncos sign Manning, Tebow could be gone.
Calling it now, this will be the number one play of the year!
Can the scientists keep up? -- Drugs and sport: The twists and turns of the long-running race between drug-taking athletes and boffins trying to catch them
Good thing Derrick Rose just signed that massive Adidas shoe contract. Because he's going to be breaking out his checkbook here shortly.
NBA Trade Rumors: Carmelo Anthony Wants a Trade
Dolphins fans should take solace. 
Peyton Manning meets with Titans for 8 hours 
Mangini's face says it all 
Way to go Redditt!
Why skip class for March Madness?
Holy Crap! Quinton Coples has some serious brandings
Lehigh beats Duke
Never though I'd see this on the front page of ESPN
I have the most correct March Madness bracket out of anyone in the country
Dan Ica Patrick
How I felt as a Denver Broncos fan when I heard about Manning signing with the team.
Comparison between Lebron James decision and Peyton Manning's decision 
Shitshitshitshit!
George RR Martin does not approve of the Tebow trade to his Jets. 
Even if you don't like lacrosse, this goal is amazing.
One team, one god, one goal?
Duncan -  DND
90% of the time on First Take
Alaska Will Be Spared When the Rapture Comes
Peter Crouch's magnificent goal for Stoke City in the Premier League on Saturday. Even people who hate football/soccer have to watch this
Oh no. Another thing the US doesn't care about.
Separated at Birth [Fixed]
Kansas beats Ohio State to advance to the NCAA Championship game. 
Ryan Leaf Arrested AGAIN on Burglary, Drug Charges in Montana
Martin Kaymer gets a hole in one in Masters practice by skipping the ball across a pond and onto the green
[sports]Uniform change now that the Texas Rangers have Yu Darvish 
Tiger Woods is a REAL A-Hole
Haaa, Kobe jokes
Some dude named Bubba just won the 2012 Masters.
TIL that Phil Mickelson is from.... England!!? (via ESPN)
Ozzie has been suspended 5 games for his comments on Fidel Castro
Announcers crack up after dramatic flop
Anyone else see this guy?
I have to admit, my first thought when I saw this headline was, wow, Lebron really is kind of a dick, isn't he?
University of Tennessee woman's Basketball coach Pat Summitt steps down. The end of an era.
The History of MLB Perfect Game Pitchers: What Happened After?
So that's where James Harrison learned to play football..
The State of Sports - A in depth,  5- part look at what's wrong with our favorite pastimes
All Blacks Haka -- best pregame ritual?
Devils Army, RISE UP!
Hey Bruins Fans...
Pep Guardiola confirms Barca exit
Phil Jackson Enjoying Retirement On Montana Ranch With Egomaniacal Livestock Who Hate Each Other
What happens when your GF picks the NL All-Stars based on name alone.
Rajon Rondo banned from NBA playoffs? 
As a NY sports fan this evening...
John Harbaugh of Baltimore Ravens says New England Patriots titles are tainted by Spygate 
TIL that 8 of the 10 Big XII schools are separated by 1 highway (I-35) [x-post from r/CFB]
College Football looks at a four team playoff. I hope this happens.
A new phase?
Junior Seau is Dead
OMG Junior Seau DEAD! In other news...
As a Knicks fan, at least this helps me crack a smile - Hilarious Amare Gif
Why aren't more people bothered by the fact that the NBA has made traveling legal? 
Reminder: UFC is live and free on Fox tonight. Don't worry, the main event will be over before Mayweather/Cotto.
As the Dallas Mavericks lost and were eliminated tonight, it meant that the last 4 Major U.S sports Defending Champions have all failed to win a single playoff series in their respective playoffs. Where have the dynasties gone? Where is the domination in sports? 
Floyd Mayweather's entourage. I couldn't contain my laughter.
Peyton Manning credits Andrew luck for being first pick because of the coaching he got at the Manning passing academy
Anyone have stories of Michael Jordan's assholery?
The Williams Sisters: Who would you rather...???
Very unlucky couple at baseball game
Why LeBron James would dominate soccer
Super Hamilton
Source -- Miami Heat's LeBron James wins third career MVP award - ESPN
Wouldn't it be awesome if these two athletes met?
Meanwhile in Seattle...
Canada has the best sports anchors. 
Cubs' Kerry Wood expected to retire after today's game
As a Tottenham Hotspur fan..... I have seen brighter days for the club :(
Could say the same thing about Seattle...
NBA Rookie of the Year Kyrie Irving dresses as old man, and schools everyone. 
Mitch Kupchak Is Plotting Your Demise
STAPLES Center time-lapse: 6 Playoff Games in 4 Days, May 17th - May 20th, 2012
Time Lapse at Staples Center: NHL Playoffs to NBA Playoffs and Back
How to crush a damn good crowd.
Possible new name for the Miami Heat?
My feelings as a Boston Sports fan tonight
Seattle Mariner Taijuan Walker shoots up prospect list (plus minor-league report and Alex Liddi video) 
What is your best piece of advice to golfers?
Terrell Owens cut by Allen Wrangler's Indoor Football League team. Loses his piece of ownership due to contract violations.
Is it just me, or is this always the best part of the summer?
At least I got the girl.
Great documentary on how Messi became who he is
NFL Teams Will Try-Out Exonerated Brian Banks :)
Justin Blackmon arrested for DUI... Uh oh Jags fans...
Boston Big 4
worst sports fan has been located
(D.Driver tosses cleat into stands, kid catches it, adult rips it from kids hands)
Is pain medication in sport a form of legal doping?
Red Sox fans:
New documentary about the Dream Team. If this doesn't get you excited you're probably a Communist.
IAmA Usher for the Kansas City Royals. AMA
Shocking - Manny Pacquiao Robbed of Title by Judges!
Soccer players are such pussies.
Red Hot Chili Peppers end Columbus show with... I swear to Jeeves I will never listen to another song by these tools.
David Stern: the biggest d-bag in sports
David Nalbandian hurts linesman and gets disqualified from the Queens 2012 Final
He had the natural skill to become the greatest of all time. What other players will be seen as a waste of talent?
A good weekend at the park
lebron has entered the paint
Sepp Blatter: After last night's match, goal line technology is no longer an alternative but a necessity.
If you see this smile, you're probably going to be sacked.
Any Football(Soccer) fans notice the resemblence before?
Quality NBA Championship coverage from ESPN's twitter
Glad to see Lebron finally get a ring.
First thing I thought of when I saw the Third World Skeptic Kid
Jury reaches verdict in Jerry Sandusky abuse trial 
Jerry Sandusky guilty on 45 of 48 child sex abuse charges
D-Wade would play the 2...
LeBron James NBA Finals MVP 'So Disrespectful' in DJ Steve Porters latest. 
wasn't sure if this belonged here, or in r/jokes
I have a lot of respect for this man
Shaq being Shaq
Red Sox fire Bobby Valentine for 'looking too weird in a Red Sox uniform'.
Balotelli = Ochocinco of soccer. Discuss.
The real reason there is no run-off for the women's 100m
Jim Thorpe, the greatest athlete you've never heard of
Michelle Wie has only made $19,000 in 10 events on the LPGA tour!
Defending champion Kvitova knocked out by resurgent Serena 
Tebow takes up MMA training
This marriage won't last a year
My reaction after hearing Anderson Silva's knee to a grounded Chael Sonnen was legal.
Andy Murray almost took off Roger Federer’s head and it won him the first set 
UFC 148 -- Anderson Silva earns 10th title defense, silences Chael Sonnen - ESPN
Georgia Bulldog fan rips apart Corn Washington over Facebook post. 10/10 All-Star rant, take the time and read it.
Dear r/sports, is there a subreddit that looks at all international sports and sporting events, not just American sports?
Can American car companies please stop giving out nice cars to the mvp athlete of major sporting events?  
Joe Paterno knew about Sandusky sex crimes as far back as 1998. Joe Pa's credibility is gone. 
Blake Griffin injures knee at USA Team training camp, asks Anthony Davis to report to practice ASAP.
Anyone else see 'LISA'?
After seeing some God Bless Joe Paterno shirts and reading the details of the report, I edited the shirt to my liking.
Bandwagoning.
Jeremy Lin might not stay with the Knicks
Blackout the Whiteout – Petition for NCAA to Shut Down PSU Football 
The Gronkowski Brothers at the ESPY's
A compilation of ridiculous Penn State fan reactions to the renaming of Paternoville, including I hope to God Tim Tebow rapes a kid 
To all Paterno apologists citing loyalty...
Quarterback Robert Griffin III signs four-year, $21 million contract with Redskins - The Insider - The Washington Post
Dumb Move, Dolan: Trying to understand why the Knicks let Jeremy Lin walk away from Madison Square Garden
NFL unlikely to survive in London, says Chelsea soccer star
New Dwight Howard Trade Rumor
Why as an European I want to see american football in the Olympics (and football/soccer kicked out of the Olympics for good)
Is soccer popular in other countries because they don't have the NFL, MLB and NBA? If they had as many options as us, would soccer still be popular in other countries?
Ernie Els Win The Open Championship
The now vacant area where Joe Paterno's statue once stood
5 statues that should have been taken down long before Joe Paterno's. (Article)
DREAM TEAM AHAHAHAHAHAHA!
Alabama DT Jesse Williams benches 600 lbs in summer workouts.  Last year's combine record was 500.
Espn Images of the decade
Former Major League Baseball player calls me an asshole
In case anyone forgot about the original Dream Team. This is why we dominate!
An Interactive Map of how the gold medalists of past Olympics would compareagainst today’s best sprinters, jumpers, throwers, and swimmers.
Ye Shiwen wins event, improves personal best from a year ago by 5 seconds.  American coach John Leonard says every time we see something 'unbelievable', history shows us that it turns out later on there was doping involved. World Anti-Doping Agency has passed Chinese swimmer Ye Shiwen as clean. 
Michael Phelps gets his 19th medal in gold. He is now the most decorated Olympian.
Phelps Beats Lochte in 200 IM ... becomes first swimmer to win gold in the same event in three straight Olympics
Lebron James can't get laid
vintage anyone?
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
Uh Oh Alabama...
NBC's Dick Ebersol: Critics think Olympics to be treated as sports, NBC thinks Olympics as Family TV
Sporting KC wins the U.S. Open Cup!
Ranking of all US pro sports cities by Fan Density [data &amp; map]
Usain Bolt takes shots at a real living legend
Mexico wins first gold medal in London olympics against Brazil in soccer.... hell... yeah...
Team USA dominates again, beating Spain for the gold. 
'No Strong Opinion' indeed
Sigh...
How did India not get one gold medal in the Olympics?
Melky Cabrera banned 50 games for testosterone use
Jim Donnan, Hall Of Fame Football Coach, Accused Of Running $80 Million Ponzi Scheme
Boston Red Sox vs. Baltimore Orioles 
Documentary about the Dream Team. HD
My Thoughts on The Red Sox 100th Season
This Is Brilliant
My hatred for ESPN deepens...
BREAKING** AP News: Lance Armstrong decides to stop challenging sweeping drug allegations from U.S. Anti-Doping Agency
When you thought Sportscenter couldn't get any worse. 
One of my favorite things about football is watching this man play 16 times a year.
Donations up 25 times to Lance Armstrong's charity 
That was Close!
Seahawks release TO
5 year olds playing football...hilarious - YouTube
Can someone explain how the biggest trade in baseball history can happen after the trade deadline?
The product of a successful Kickstarter project, a study has been released focusing on subconscious racism in baseball announcing.
Single Wide Reciever seeking a loving team to call home - TO's Craigslist ad
John Wall Shuts Up High School Kid
      - YouTube
1992 Olympics: Michael Jordan covered the Reebok logo by draping himself in the American flag.
Is there a service thats like MLB.TV but for football?
Man Dies After Falling From Upper Deck of the Georgia Dome.
What soccer would look like if our greatest atheltes played soccer
Chad Johnson TATTOOS Evelyn Lozada's Face on His Leg
The Houston Rockets’ massive new scoreboard will be the largest in an arena in the U.S.
My cousin just emailed me saying he's really proud of his fantasy team picture.
NBC Has Only Shown Four Total Hours Of The Paralympics, And The IPC Would Like To Know Why
Is this the worst football play ever?
Former team mate of Lance Armstrong discusses Lance's EPO and Blood doping exploits
The Big Ben cup check
Arkansas looks to regroup following Alabama loss
Wisconsin-Whitewater had won 46 football games in a row entering this past weekend.  Up 6 with a minute left and their opponent facing a 4th Down and 19 yards, they must have felt pretty good.  Then this happened.  [vid]
Golden Tate: I figured it was either me hit him hard or he was going to hit our quarterback hard. So I hit him.
He was looking at his wife...? 
Tackle Football... made this from a picture I took at the Chargers Home Opener.
As someone who has never participated in a fantasy league...
ESPN FirstTake this morning had one of the best segments of all time on the show...
ESPN: Can soccer lost the soccer stigma and become popular?
ESPN: Still Drunk
5'5 slam dunk
Sorry ESPN this isn't breaking news. It's barely news. 
Comeback in the making??  Deion Sanders hits 3 home runs in batting practice
Notable Misspelled Jerseys - San FRANCICSO Giants Among Them. Gallery
when I found out there was a sports section on reddit
Mark Cuban Is Possibly Drunk And Definitely Dancing To Gangnam Style
Triple Crown!
Great gif if you hate soccer
Goon - a great hockey movie that also shows why fighting doesn't belong in the sport.
Incredible Buckeye Halftime Gaming Tribute
USADA's summarized Reasoned Decision in the Lance Armstrong doping case
The USADA just released a 200 page report on Lance Armstrong and the NY Times wants the publics help in spotting interesting parts of it.
Lance Armstrong Career Drug-Fueled ‘Start to Finish,’ USADA Says - Bloomberg
Michael Phelps sinks LONG putt at St. Andrews
I always thought that a NASCAR driver’s “worst nightmare” would be to burn alive in a car, being unable to extricate yourself from the wreckage. Nope, apparently it’s having a mild concussion and not being able to race for 2 weekends.
Feels good man...
Prince Fielder is all paper covers rock!
... Lance Armstrong participated in doping and misled Nike for more than a decade, it is with great sadness that we have terminated our contract with him... -- Reddit, care to make a list of dopers that Nike has sponsored in the past?
High school kicker boots 67-yard field goal - YouTube
The Perils of the Fantasy Football Age
I don't always watch fifth grade football, but when I do it's pretty awesome [vid]
Kyle Lowry causes a glitch in reality with a super floater.
I wasn't going to say anything...
David Stern announces he will retire on Feb. 1, 2014, names Adam Silver as sucessor.
Lolo Jones makes U.S. bobsled team just weeks after first attempt 
Sports Illustrated: What's wrong with the UFC? How the TV deal with Fox spawned a diluted product
How big is the NFL in England? Is it as big as soccer here or a mainstream sport?
Penn State Gigapixel
A sublime goal for Chelsea against Manchester Utd [gif]
The Penn State saga continues. This guy was just as guilty. Gets what he deserves. 
I think the best thing that MLB could do for itself is relax their draconian rules on allowing free online videos (Youtube, Vimeo, etc.). Discuss!
NHL labor talks resume Saturday
My lacrosse club has had little to no recognition until today.
Nine-year-old girl shredding defenses to the tune of 25 touchdowns!
Why do soccer players hate playing on turf, but American football players don't seem to care?
Johnny Manziel, Texas A&amp;M pull upset as No. 1 Alabama's rally falls short
SEC train wreck
Great article about how ESPN has fallen from journalism.
David Beckham closing his playing days with L.A. Galaxy | ProSoccerTalk
Vermont is not amused
22-year old daughter of Kevin Mchale dies.
What could go wrong? Hockey players become hockey pucks.
Sportwriter David Whitley goes on undertone racist rant against Colin Kaepernick and his ink ushering.
The Raiders had some bad luck   
NBA fines Spurs $250K for sitting players  
Chiefs-Panthers Game Should Not Be Played Tomorrow In Light of Jovan Belcher Tragedy
Tim Tebow is Bad Luck Brian
New Orleans Hornets are changing their name to the Pelicans
The AUDL (American Ultimate Disc League) is getting ready for it's 2nd season. You may not know Ultimate Frisbee too well, but give it a look, see what you think.
Gotta commend ESPN for this decision.
Bob Costas
The next Usain Bolt?
I think I like this commercial, but translation please?
Hey I just Michu...
SportsCentre Canada Doesn't Like Basketball
LeBron James hasn't been called for a personal foul in any of his last five games
This is madness, the number one ranked NFL team getting blown out by 29 point.
the rugby championship!
I love D-Wade but this is despicable. 
When you google Jadeveon Clowney, you get a picture of Mario Williams. 
There were many things wrong with baseball. Strikes, dope, cheating. With so many of the bad guys lining up for the HoF I think we should spam baseball writers that we deserve to have the best guy of a bad time enshrined. 
A wild Wizards appears 
I hope Notre Dame makes this interesting otherwise....
The only entertaining part of Alabama/Notre Dame
So, ESPN's priorities are pretty clear.
Lance Armstrong admits to doping.
Manti Te'o leads by example. 
Dallas Cowboys always find a way to lose. Early '12 season graphic.
Get ready to know more about the Harbaughs than you ever thought possible.  It's going to be a two week Harbaugh love fest.
Who is the real hero?
NHL really doesn't want fans or money, does it?
Lawsuits Against NFL For Brain Injuries Rise - Reddit, do you say the players didn't know there were any risks in playing in NFL?
Chris Bosh: I've been a hall of famer since four years ago
College team is 17-2 (D1) and flying way under the national radar. Here's there 5'10'' point guard...
Reason for the Super Bowl 47 Power Outage....
How I feel about yesterday's referee ...
Lacrosse: Ask away
Let it snow, please, for the 2014 Sochi Winter 
Olympics
Whoops
Derrick Rose: I don't mind missing this year
Awesome Stadium: Liechtensteiner Fussballverband
Jadeveon Clowney won't quit on South Carolina Gamecocks, says Steve Spurrier  
The fact remains that the quickest way to cut a man down in sports is to call him a woman.
Danica Patrick becomes first woman to win Daytona 500 pole
Oscar Pistorius charged with premeditated murder in death of Reeva Steenkamp  
Between the Benches: The Twenty Players in This Room (Griffins vs. Monsters)
Goals of the week
Must-see Mugshot: Desmond Bryant causing a commotion.
Gun Control and Nick Saban
Announcer Mistakes Air Ball for Game-Winner
MLS starts up this weekend, here is a DC vs Houston preview
How I feel about the whole Blackhawks vs. Heat debate.
Remember the video game NHL 94? So do some of your favorite hockey players.
X-Post from r/hockey: Does hockey have the most skilled players out of every major sport?
Florida Gulf Coast becomes first ever 15 seed in the Sweet 16
2 months ago, a Michigan pop/rock artist predicted the future of FGCU by releasing a song called The 15 Seed. It even mentions the 10-point lead FGCU won by. (xpost from r/CollegeBasketball)
Around The Horn opens today's show with Game Of Thrones style intro
Pretty much every game at Miller Park..
Jack Hoffman a child battling brain cancer runs for a 69 yd touchdown in the Nebraska spring game
After Jalen Rose calls out Skip Bayless, they have them both back on the show the next day or so, things get really awkward.
The championship is going to go this way
Dirk, black &amp; white and a little recolor.
Amazing shot of Muhammad Ali knocking out Cleveland Williams in front of a crowd of 35,000. Houston, Texas 1966 [864x1024]
One Of The Boston Marathon Bomb Suspects Was Wearing A Bridgestone Golf Cap
Boston Red Sox and Boston Bruins return amid more security
Cool shot of Russell Westbrook taking a free throw during Sunday's game (PIC from Sports Illustrated)
Liverpool Luis Suarez gets 10-match ban from FA
Prank on North Carolina Junior QB Bryn Renner.
Various sports leagues are considered charitable organizations and pay no taxes to the government.
Evolution of UCONN logo.
Beef offer Tim Tebow a contract
Incredible Turkish football scorpion-volley goal - VideoSports07
Woman takes boy’s home run ball, throws it on field
Dream GIFs: Yu vs. Babe, Pujols vs. Nolan and Bryce vs. Gibson
Safe leads in basketball - a quantitative look at the scoring dynamics of professional basketball and a new method for determining when a lead is safe.
Barkley's New Feature Film
Maxim's top 100 - Ex-Disney stars rule the top of the list, but my fave is at #69 - famed girlfriend of Manti Te'o.
Goals of the week
Hawaii scraps plan to drop 'Rainbow' from team nicknames
SI's Fortunate 50 (salary+winnings+endorsements): 1. Mayweather 2.LeBron 3. Brees 4. Kobe 5. Tiger
Kevin Durant pledges $1M in Oklahoma tornado aid
Paul George ends the life of Chris Birdman Andersen
Goalkeeper Moises Muñoz (Club America) scores a 93rd minute header, team claims their 11th title!
There are no words.
Well, he has a point...
The Heat are still going to sweep
Tony Parker coaching the spurs in the huddle. This guy does it all.
Maybe a little of topic, but has anyone purchased jerseys from kennyjersey.cn? Is it legit?
Game 5 starts: Beckett for Sox, his ex for anthem
Manny Ramirez: Awesome.
A fresh look at the 1919 'Black Sox' scandal from old court documents
Reddit: 4 of the top 6 links are about Sean Taylor.  Am I the only one who looks at the front page before submitting??
New England Patriots Go To 13-0...guaranteed!
Roger Clemens implicated in steroid fiasco? Say it isn't so.
'Roids, Lies and The Mitchell Report
Patriots beat the Fish 28-7.  Now first team in NFL History to go 15-0 in Regular Season... can they go all the way?!?
Photo Gallery: Vintage Baseball Cards
Tiger OK with 'lynch' remark, Sharpton must be bored for having issue with this
The 5 Wimpiest Pro Sports Injuries of All-Time
Where did all those gorgeous Russian (tennis players) come from? 
Student Athletes Should Just Say No
Is Tom Brady the Best QB Ever?
Ode To The New York Giants A Victory Poem
Funniest Super Bowl Commercial
2007 Tour de France Riders Still Unpaid
Bob Sapp Vs Kazuyuki Fujita Fight Video K-1 MMA
Most badass (real!) wrestling move EVER
High school footballer holds press conference to announce signing with the Cal Bears.  Sadly the Bears, nor anyone else, has ever heard of him.
Is Your Team Fundraised Out?
Michael Jordan Files Lawsuit Against Purported Mistress Lisa Miceli
Odenized: Derrick Rose hits the shot of the tournament
Joe Posnanski's Bob Costas Story
Richie Sexson Suspended For Six Games
Tennis player Ashley Harkleroad announces she is posing for Playboy
Evil Red Wings Owner Wario Lemieux Steals Stanley Cup
Why Chipper Jones won't be able to keep up with himself
Croatia 2 - Germany 1
Mets fire Willie Randolph and two coaches
It's a swimsuit so revolutionary that one athlete has claimed that it makes you feel like you're swimming downhill. 
Everyone thinks the Boston Celtics had a miracle turnaround, but the only thing miraculous about their championship was trading a bunch of eighth graders for All-Stars. 
Euro 2008: Spain trounce Russia! Spain 3-0 Russia
Extreme Kayaking (pics)
Alex Rodriguez dumped for Lenny Kravitz
Michael Sokolove's new book, Warrior Girls: Protecting Our Daughters Against the Injury Epidemic in Women's Sports.
USA Basketball Team Photo: Artistic Or Logo Conspiracy?
Tiger's gonna be a billionaire with a 'B' -- He earns $3.17 per second.
Anna Kournikova Sets the Record Straight
Goodbye Nike, hello adidas:  New Michigan Football Jersey Makes Debut
Josh Hamilton crushes a record 28 homers in first round of the Home Run Derby - then loses in the final round
Josh Hamilton's 28 dingers.... put it on mute to avoid Berman (video)
AL wins 11th straight Midsummer Classic after 15 looong innings
Ashley Harkleroad Playboy Pics (NSFW) (scroll down)
How Football is made  [pics]
5 storylines heading into the Olympic Games
Ron Artest traded to Houston Rockets
Hapless Ken Griffey Jr. to Possibly Be Traded from the Hapless Cincinnati reds
The U.S. 4x400m relay team that won gold at the Sydney Games in 2000 have been stripped of their medals after Antonio Pettigrew admitted to doping
Shawn Kemp: Confirms Rumors
Who's set to win in Beijng? 2008 Olympics Prediction Center
Olympic Soccer: U.S. men open with 1-0 victory over Japan
This mountain biking video is absolutely incredible.
I hate NBC's Coverage of the Olymipcs -- Bob Costas is a dumb fuck with his comments - - Please just STFU
Originally, in the Greek Olympic games, promoting a national interest was consciously subordinated to promote physical excellence. That is so far from its guiding spirit now that it’s tragic.
Roger Federer loses his crown
US sites sort medals by total, BBC and rest of the world sort by gold first
SI:  Queens of the Beach - Misty May-Treanor and Kerri Walsh Golden!
Bolt does it again, is the NFL next?
9-year-old boy told he's too good to pitch
Former Portland Trail Blazer center Kevin Duckworth died while on a trip to the Oregon Coast to host a free basketball clinic. He was 44.
MLB will begin using replay Thursday......12 years too late for Oriole fans
STEROIDS MIGHT BE BAD FOR YOU | 
Aston Villa vs Liverpool Live Streaming
Stonewall Lions FC Wins Gay World Cup in London 
Baseball player tries coming home, realizes he screwed, then fakes out a catcher to score. (vid)
Brandon Jacobs Runs Over Laron Landry
Penitentiary State Nittany Lions
Lance Armstrong Returns to Cycling in Quest for Eighth Tour de France Crown
TOP 10 PIECES OF FANTASY FOOTBALL TRADE BAIT
Female Fans Out For Season With Tom Brady's Knee Injury
Anna Rawson, LPGA Savior, Leads After Round 1
The String Theory: An Obsessive Inquiry Into the Physics and Metaphysics of Tennis
Millen finally out as Lions president and GM!
The guy is waaay too into Alabama football
Cubs Lose to Dodgers! Panic! Curses! Goats! Oh My!
Transcript of Kinnear's x-rated rant
Drew's homer boosts Red Sox over Angels 7-5
Kimbo Slice vs Ken Shamrock Tonight
Kimbo Slice KO - in 14 seconds in 1st round!!! 
Woman freefalls over Mount Everest - from almost 30,000FT 
Red Sox fans all smiles after down-to-wire win
Lingerie Football League goes to ten teams of scantly clad women hitting each other...NBC will probably make this their XFL replacement.
Why MMA sucks and the Seth Petruzelli vs Kimbo Slice fight 
Shaq in High School, He held his Principle over his head, Video
10 Reasons why the Buckeyes suck
I don't watch sports, my friend just sent me this video. Is this old news or what? I was like wow when I saw this...
Stephon Marbury Watched the Most Recent Presidential Debates in a Homeless Shelter
...the swiftest running back ever to play college or professional football...
Best sports quote of the year via Matt Stairs of the Philadelphia Phillies.
CSI Larry Johnson &lt; Very Funny Comic
Top 10 scary hockey goalie masks
Knicks to pay Marbury $21.9 million to ride bench
The NFL needs cameras on the goal line
Texas Longhorns football player dismissed for having a racial slur about Obama on his Facebook
Joe Morgan May Be Fired From ESPN Sunday Night Baseball 
Obama wants a playoff!
Steelers beat Chargers 11-10 : First 11-10 Finish in NFL History
NBA Owner Mark Cuban Charged with Insider Trading by SEC
Amazing British football (soccer) player throws in from out-of-bounds 35mph, 105 foot goals.
That's kind of gay...
Instead of the Rose Bowl presented by Citi, it should be,the Rose Bowl presented by The Taxpayers of The United States of America
So, if your team can't win any games, the NFL takes the logo off your helmet?
I Fucking Hate Brett Favre
New York Giants suspend Plaxico Burress four games after charges
Best game of the week
Ten Reasons C.C. Sabathia signed with the New York Yankees
Terell Owens Gets His Christmas Funny On
Vote up if you think the headline Egomaniacal wide receiver shoots off mouth, disrupts team should be in The Onion
Dallas Cowboys talk of 'dead issue, but Witten, T.O. have words
NFL, NBC Will Show Games Live Online
MLB authorizes use of team logos on a line of funeral caskets
Robbie Keane 'could leave' Liverpool
Kenneth Darby Tackled by Ref (VIDEO)
How The Hell Can Detroit go Winless in Today's NFL?
Patriots get 11th victory, knocked out
Peyton Manning voted AP's NFL MVP
Perfect Utah Rolls Past Alabama
Eagles Move On
Tostitos Fiesta Bowl : Ohio State vs. Texas
19 players sent off in Spanish soccer match after mass brawl
Phils Romero Banned 50 Games
Who will score down under? Australian Open women’s odds 
Baltimore Ravens beat the Tennessee Titans 13-10
Jodie Meeks Drops a Feeble 54 Points on Tennessee
Andy Kennedy, Ole Miss Basketball Coach, Is Getting Sued By His Wife For Not Giving Her Enough Sex
Gagne gets a look in Twins' search for relief help --Are you kidding me?
Kansas City Chiefs fire coach Edwards
25 Super Bowl Memes You'll Be Sick Of
Joe Torre’s tell-all book is already becoming a movie
Wake Forest Knocks Off  No. 1 Duke
Five Reasons Why The Cardinals Will Win
Phelps says bong photo 'authentic'
Video of  all Kobe Bryant's 61 points against Knicks, 2-2-2009
Pat Summitt reaches new heights: 1,000 wins
Incredible Leaping Goal By Richard Zednik
If Pete Rose was banned for life from MLB for betting on the game, shouldn't those who took steroids also be banned?
Steeler kicker forced to use Terrible Towel after soiling himself 
Canseco to Baseball: Where's My Apology? 
Lance got a replacement for his stolen TT bike [PIC]
The Denver Nuggets cheerleaders are a party waiting to happen
football-blues: Colts release WR Harrison after 13 years (AP)
Big fan of NCAA March Madness?  Here is a new twist on the office bracket pool.
Matt Cassel Reportedly a Chief
Stupid Cupid! Valentine's Day streaker banned from football for three years and dumped by his girlfriend
Top 10 Michael Jordan Dunks !!
Ex-NFL All Pro Travis Henry Says He’s Broke After Having 9 Children With 9 Women
How much better off would the Blazers be had they drafted Durant instead of Oden?
Former WWE Wrestler Andrew Test Martin found dead at 33
How did Arizona get in the NCAA tournament?
ESPN Promotes Violent Road Rage Game In Video About Donte' Stallworth Killing A Man With His Car
Best goals in football history (amazing goals)
Nick Swisher interview, The Yankees Kevin Millar
Elite Eight Preview &amp; Picks: UConn/Mizzou, Pitt/Nova
Officer that detained Houston Texans' Moats also handcuffed Zach Thomas' Wife for 3 hours because of illegal U-turn
James Posey throws ball at ref
Along with 900 other teams, the Bears are interested in trading for Jay Cutler
Officer who detained Houston Texans' Ryan Moats and the wife of Dallas Cowboys' Zach Thomas resigns
Report: Tim Floyd to take Arizona job
The Most Amazing Soccer Goal You Will Ever See
SPORTZ BARZ: the tragedy of Kurt Warner
Hawk Harrelson's First Error of the Year
Five “can’t miss” first round prospects in the 2009 NFL Draft
Which position is the safest bet in the first round of the NFL Draft?
Quack Attacked! Ducks put Sharks in 2 game hole. I say it again, Ducks in seven. 
Cat tail grab at Cubs game causes uproar
Cubs beer man.  Perhaps the best pour ever.
Parallel Universe Cleveland Indians are actually really good
Pujols' grand slam was so very pretty.
Ricky Carl Bobby Edwards, Talladega Nights 2009 Crash, Mashup Video
BCS = communism?
Crawford swipes 6 bases in Rays win
Are the Browns still considering trading Braylon Edwards?
I'm convinced: I hate ARod
Brandon Jacobs on Braylon Edwards: “I don’t want him”
Joakim Noah Hits The Beach With His Topless Girlfriend
What did the Magic do right in Game 6?
Steelers' Harrison to shun White House again.  This is how I feel — if you want to see the Pittsburgh Steelers, invite us when we don't win the Super Bowl. As far as I'm concerned, he [Obama] would've invited Arizona if they had won.
Can a football really speed up in mid-air?
Bastard Bowl x Studiometrico: Converting an old cinema theater into a skateboarder's paradise
This is what's seriously wrong with the NBA.  No clearly defined fouls, so you adjust your game to the refs and not the other team.
2009 NBA Mock Draft Version 1.0
Lakers lose at home to the Nuggets in game 2.
Dear Reddit: I'm from the Netherlands, and I would like to follow the NBA-competition via NBA.com (no NBA on cable-tv here). NBA.com dazzles me though, could someone give me a short introduction?
Stuart Scott looks so retarded
NBA Refs do a good job despite giants blocking their views and without having the multi-cam slo-mo views we enjoy at home
Backs against the wall, Cavs win Game 5
NBA rumors from the draft combine in Chicago
French Open 2009: Rafael Nadal is no exception to the drug testing rules - Telegraph
What do the Cavs do now?
Boozer headed to Detroit or New Jersey?
Magic GM Otis Smith is the real Executive of the Year
Will the Lions start Stafford in Week 1?
Congratulations Randy Johnson on 300 Wins
Summer Bird, Kent Desormeaux win 2009 Belmont Stakes
Lakers 2 Orlando 0
I’m sick of Brett Favre
Shaq addresses Kobe's fourth title via Twitter 
Report: Sosa tested positive for banned substance in 2003
Six Great Umpire Ejections...or, Baseball Manager Tirade Gold
2009 NBA Free Agency Preview: The top restricted free agents (Millsap, Lee, etc.)
The the only thing worse than being a Pirates fan is having to live in Pittsburgh... Sorry guys!
Nike 'Love 15' Commercial Celebrating Roger Federer's 15 Grand Slam Titles (Video)
As if things weren’t already bad for Jays fans, soon they might not see Halladay pitch every fifth game
Mets Not Top 5 Plays of the Year, Video
Millsap Offer Delays Hinrich Deal
Georges St. Pierre: The Shining Star of Mixed Martial Arts
Top 10 Pound for Pound MMA Fighters in the World
Report: Favre to give Vikings an answer by July 30. Riiiiight....
Gina Carano between rounds (INTERVIEW)
Soccer Stadium Invaded By Foxes
Levi Leipheimer out of Tour de France
Here Comes Ryan Howard!
New Video Surfaces of Pacman Makin' It Rain
Home crowd turns on Beckham, leading to confrontation with fans.
Ten Predictions for the MLB second half
Rich Harden Afraid Of Sun And/Or Wrigley?
Beltin' Todd Helton
More people have orbited the moon than pitched a major league perfect game.  Congratulations Mark Buehrle.
Vick gets reinstated, but to what? Dolphins say they have no need for the Dog Catcher!
Sailing: Alinghi: Persian Gulf chosen as America's Cup venue
49ers' Crabtree conducts convoluted holdout 
Top 10: Brock Lesnar killers
Too much money and glory were at stake to expect competitive athletes to say, 'I can't bend the rules, I don't feel right about it' when again, EVERYONE was looking the other way. Hell, baseball even encouraged it.
Dear Reddit Fantasy Football Addicts: I Want to join in on the fun...Where do i start?!
If Goodell is so principled, why is he selling Vick's jersey? 
Brett Favre is still cool in my book
Pitino And Calipari: Rats Of A Feather
2009 NFL Predictions
Video: Oregon Player LeGarrette Blount Punches Boise State Player Byron Hout, Restrained From Attacking Fans, Apology
Ernie Harwell, Tigers Broadcaster of 42-Years, Diagnosed with Cancer
Okay, Okay, I'll Admit Some Cubs Fans Don't Really Care About The Cubs
ESPN top 10 most unsportsman-like moments in sports
23 Hours of Michael Jordan
Pitino uses 9/11 to help his daughter understand the tragedy of cheating on his wfe.
Why Are We Mentioning Tex in MVP Conversations?
Polamalu hurts knee, may miss 3-6 weeks 
We?
I'll Say It: Bill Simmons Sucks. He has been given a forum that a lot of writers would kill for, and he uses it to expound regularly about the Real World and to make more Rocky IV references than an “E! True Hollywood Story” on Dolph Lundgren.
Judge bars star high school athlete from team sports 
ESPN hires former bikini model Jenn Brown 
China Jacks Week 3 NFL Picks
Steve McNair Murder Scene An Ill-Advised Halloween Display
Japanese news show filming story about American pawn shops during the recession catches a stunned-looking Lenny Dykstra trying to pawn his championship ring [Video]
USF (while using backup QB) beats #18 FSU
Rapper Common Disses Browns QB Brady Quinn -- In Person
An astonishing series of coincidences could allow the Yankees to play a little mindgame trick on the Red Sox and Angels
Best sports team intro video of all time
The 2009 Chicago All-Flop Team
Browns Trade Braylon Edwards to New York Jets for Chansi Stucky, Jason Trusnick, Draft Picks
James Johnson Hits Game Winner In London
Brutal hit.  Can any of you fine gents provide context?
With those pit stains, Chase Utley needed that champagne shower
In the BCS, the eyes of Texas are looking up at Virginia Tech
Captain Lou Albano heads to that great wrestling ring in the sky
The US Army treated Pat Tillman like a goddamn sucker, and it’s one of the most shameful things you’ll ever read about. It makes you wonder if Tillman died not for his country, but for his government. Only the former is worth dying for.
Remember Devin Hester? Not The Wide Receiver Guy, The Kick Return Guy [Super Tecmo Bowl Video Highlights Edition]
No, THIS is the most embarrassing moment in Ottawa sports history.  Unintentionally funny fan-made [VID].
Hey Reddit: Got a vague sports event I need help nailing down. Who was the football player (college or pro, don't know otherwise) that played an entire game on LSD/acid/some sort of hard drug and had a great game? I remember the story in passing, but can't find it. 
Is it time for Ohio State to bench Terrelle Pryor? Buckeyes fans were hoping for the next Vince Young. Instead he looks like the next Juice Williams
Kyle Orton Officially Off The Wagon - Back To Drinking Beer Publicly
Wanna play college football? Check the classified ads! “Looking for ANY former HS quarterback with SIGNIFICANT game experience.”
Lance Armstrong set to miss Giro in favor of California 
Reggie Bush tells gravity to bugger off
Epic Fail for the Cleveland Indians: Cliff Lee vs C.C. Sabathia in Game 1 of the World Series
We Hardly Knew Ye: This time, Sam Bradford is out for good and off to the NFL.
Florida's punishment of Spikes doesn't fit crime - Wetzel
12 of the best celebration Fails of all-time
Right At Home...page that is [pic]
Luol Deng Would Like You to Know He’s Back
Steelers' Ward is NFL's dirtiest player, peers say
Dear Reddit: Even if they did win the pennant, the Yanks STILL SUCK!
What Is Going On With Sammy Sosa?
Ohio State is going to the Rose Bowl
I hope the Bengals (Who Dey?!) and the Saints (Who Dat?!) make it to the Super Bowl. The halftime show will be 'The Who'.
Joakim Noah Tells Truths, Lakers Beat Bulls 
Maybe All This Fighting is Dangerous [Chicago Boxer Dies after Bout]
Blackhawks Marian Hossa will make his season debut TONIGHT in San Jose vs. the Sharks
Shaquille O'Neal has paid for the funeral of 5 year old murder victim Shaniya Davis.
If only Charlie Weis and Bobby Bowden were Steven Seagal
Ron Artest Drank Alcohol During Games With Bulls
Top 10 Martial Arts That Don't Come From Asia
12 Perfect Gifts For Some of the NFL Players On Your List
Suspended Ovechkin says he won't 'change anything' 
“This game is going to be epic.  Never before have two undefeated teams faced off in a championship game.  The two best defenses in the country facing two Heisman candidates.  Coach Meyer versus Coach Saban.  Finesse versus brute strength.  I’m exhausted just thinking about it.”
Top 10 reasons to hate Tiger Woods
More Hilarious Randy Moller Pop Culture Goal Calls (VIDEO)
Mark Ingram was a 3 star recruit and the #58 RB in his class according to scout.com.
Bitter Cincinnati Fans Egg Brian Kelly's House
Double Bicycle Kick
Ricky Williams is my favorite football player of all time. Who else would take time off football to smoke weed and teach yoga?
NFL Week 17 Power Rankings
Dick Vitale Gets Owned
The Onion: Kobe Bryant Proves He Can Win Championship With Luke Walton On Team
Bears Apologize For Shitty Season in Full-Page Ad
Boise State truly in ranks of big-name teams after Fiesta Bowl win
NBA suspends Gilbert Arenas indefinitely, stating he is not currently fit to take the court. 
Garrett Gilbert started an amazing career during the second half tonight. Can't wait until the '10 season.
Anybody else hate how ESPN is always speculating about peoples' jobs?
2:30 left in the game, and there's about 100 people left in Gillette Stadium.  Way to support your team, New England.
McGwire admits steroid use
Hey, Keith Brooking, if you don't like the Vikings running up the score on you, then maybe you should try stopping them.
Pants on the ground, by Brett Favre.  This is how the Vikings celebrated their beating on Dallas.
Naked pics of Greg Oden leaked [NSFW]
That's why he's the coach. Now drop and give him twenty!
Ferrari rolls out new Formula One car
Flames trade defenceman Phaneuf to Maple Leafs
How Tim Tebow's anti-choice ad corrupts the Super Bowl and supports the reactionary right -- shame on CBS!
The Greatest Quote Ever
80,000 gather to fulfill the promise of beloved New Orleans sportscaster Buddy D - to parade down Bourbon Street in a dress if the Saints make the Superbowl
Warren Sapp ARRESTED: Domestic Battery Charges Filed
Upvote if you agree ALEXANDER OVECHKIN is the greatest hockey player in history.
Photo of the New Orleans Saints cheerleaders in the locker room
Quick to Blame in Luge, and Showing No Shame 
Shannon Brown straight up blew it at the Dunk Contest. He shouldn't be allowed back.
Did anyone see Ohno get DQ'd? and then blame it on the Canadian refs?
Hawks coach Mike Woodson...meet Jason Kidd...and get off the court! [video]
Carolina Panthers cut Jake Delhomme, signal switch to Matt Moore - ESPN
Disabled athlete likes it when opponents go easy on him
Ohio State head football coach talks about the importance of understanding everyone, including gay and lesbian athletes.
Ok guys, I took some initiative for once and created an r/sports March Madness pool on Yahoo.  Anyone who wants to join is welcome!
This is why it's called the beautiful game.
“Tim Tebow is not getting out of the second round. Too many teams love him.”
Football - Arsenal draw favourites Barcelona in Champions League
Derrek Lee Injured By Collapsing Chair
Penn State. On a plate
Vanderbilt pitcher has kneecap shattered by line drive, still makes the play to 1st.
Favre = Grandfather. If he plays it would be the epitome of badass-ness.
Tebow on all NCAA Football 11 covers; Any surprised? Anybody? No? OK
This pitcher throws a knuckleball like a girl
102 MPH
In Africa used hockey jerseys have become a status symbol among the poor
NCAA bans taunting in football - a taunting gesture on the way to scoring a touchdown would nullify the score and penalize the offending team 
Montreal upsets Washington, Stops Ovechkin in his tracks
'Green Men' (IASIP) attempt to distract LA Kings players during the Stanley Cup Playoffs [Vid]
It's Past Time To Crack Down On Fan Behavior
For those of you curious about free agent signings after the NFL draft.
Titans take Rolle with 207th pick
Ryan Howard brings more than big numbers
Green men VS Fake Umpires
Is there any way to see ESPN Insider stuff for free?
I guess Pau Gasol will never know what the inside of his soul feels like.
Goran Dragic
This was the Phoenix Suns tonight [pic]
moment of silence best moment of whole fox broadcast of yankees-red sox
Will Ferrell, aka Rojo Johnson pitching for a Texas Triple A team
Which one of you did this during the Laker-Jazz game last night? 
So why is this man called the king?....
LeBron James dancing during a timeout (You didn't see this one on TV)
Top ten teams that should have won a Super Bowl...but didn't. It's called choking. 
NBA Referee suspended for throwing ball at fan
Lima, 37, died of heart attack, wife says
The Evolution Of Phil Jackson: From Drugged Out Hippie To The Best Coach Ever
Any time you own a the best ever by a member of... with this team, you have become legend, however small.  
England wins without scoring
MLB still deciding whether to review ump's call
If Nigeria and Germany both advance to the World Cup quarter-finals, they will face each other.
Chicago wins the cup. Boo-hooo Bobby Clark...yeah keeping booing all night you dumb Philly fans. Can't u show some class for once?
So, r/sports, how will you be watching the World Cup?
Conservatives Explain Inherent Socialism, Anti-Americanism of Soccer
15 Reasons Why Soccer is Better than Baseball
Ron Artest kisses Paul Pierce Goodbye
Chris Bosh: I'm not an addition. I'm a centerpiece
Will Korea DPR create the upset they came close to pulling off in 1966?
Isner def. Mahut 6-4 3-6 6-7 7-6 70-68
Lampard's Goal Was In!  Did Anyone Else See It Cross The Line?
This match really shocked me, as this was not the true Brazilian game the world has come to know and Love. Dutch defeated Brazil in the Quarter Finals of the World Cup 2010!
Maradona’s many assists to Uruguay’s Forlan
Nike gets a tip from Back To The Future's power up laces
If anyone honks on a vuvuzela when the Premier League starts, I hope they get knocked-the-fuck out
ESPN drew a 7.3 overnight rating for The Decision on Thursday night, higher than any NBA playoff game on cable!
The World Cup is over!  Thank god, now all my FB friends can stop pretending that they actually care about soccer.
Rangers to be auctioned on Aug. 4 | Lets pool our cash and buy a Team. 
Dwyane Wade says Los Angeles Lakers, not Miami Heat, are title favorites for 2010-11 
Come on Chris Bosh don't do that on TV it looks bad.
Despite Repeated Attempts To Tear It Down, Massive LeBron James Mural Keeps Reappearing (The Onion)
Florida football uses Facebook to commit NCAA secondary violations
Meanwhile, at a basketball game in Spain...
Andy Schleck of Luxembourg lost his Tour de France yellow jersey to defending champion Alberto Contador of Spain on Monday after suffering mechanical failure at a disastrous moment.
I don't know how many hockey fans are out there, but it seems Ilya Kovalchuk has decided to remain a Devil!
Lacrosse Magic from Japan
Raiders Excited About Prospect Of Signing Free Agent JaMarcus Russell
Samuel L. Jackson talks about what to expect during the NFL 2010 Season
NFL to post sternly worded concussion warning in all 32 teams' locker rooms
He makes a good point.
The unlikely story of how Jerry Rice got into a football is a must-listen if you haven't heard it [audio interview]
Anyone watch Tebow's first game last night?
Percy Harvin collapses at practice, leaves in ambulance
Anyone want to start a reddit fantasy football league?
Juli Inkster was DQ'd from a tournament this weekend after a fan watching TV called in to note that she was breaking the rules
Al Michaels And Cris Collinsworth Are Far Too Aware Of The Spread (Video)
Megatrons. My poor attempt at photoshop
Medical Association calls for MMA ban in Canada. 
Lil Wayne is a Nadal fan?
When athletes attack: 10 moments of players attacking fans
This is the economics of boxing. At 1-6 he will leave tonight with some gas money and a head injury.
Oregon Ducks SMOKE New Mexico Lobos 72-0 in their 2010 season opening game
ESPN Let's be perfectly clear: Rosenfels was traded Friday night to the New York Giants because he beat out Jackson for the No. 2 job
John Elway would be really impressed by this QB from Northwestern State [vid]
Just what every football fan wants to see in their pregame show...two performances from Taylor Swift.
1985, The year of the Fridge - Football even euros will enjoy
I see your Manning and Favre faces, and raise you a Brees face.
There is a lingerie football league?
Mario Williams: People were yelling at me right behind us on the bench, asking, 'Have I eaten my mushroom?' I listen to fans, and they have to realize that the stuff they say gets taken out on their quarterback.
Bautista's 50th HR only worth 44 HR American
Brian Maddox jump kicks an Auburn player in the head
Goalie who celebrated too early for blocking PK redeems himself...with a much better mistake.  
Trent Edwards released by the Bills. Won't distract team from going 0-16.
Florida coach suspended for taking in homeless player
Really, ESPN? Texas v Oklahoma is not on TV in my area, so I can instead watch fucking WISCONSIN play some Big 10 yankee loser?
Brett Favre's Cellphone Seduction Of Jenn Sterger
UAB v. Ark... BULLSHIT TD for Fannin.  Officiating is number 1 reason I will try to stop watching college football.
ESPN Orders NFL Coaches To Call More Timeouts So They Can Show More Ads
Okay FOX, your dumbass robot is now playing baseball during the Redskins/Bears game...
Yankees fans spit on Cliff Lee's wife during playoffs, keep it classy NYC.
Giants Win World Series!
Through 4 games Rajon Rondo is averaging 16.8 assists per game.
On Hockey: A compelling argument for the redheaded stepchild of American sports
This is why the NBA continues to become worse every year.
Holy cow, I hope Austin Collie didn't just die on the field.
Lebron comes out of the closet
What should Clevelanders do when LeBron returns?
I saw this described on Twitter as the most RTable link of all time. Now I know why.
Derek Jeter is the man
Well, goodbye Auburn.  Nice knowing you.
Barkley looks back at the Dream Team, and explains why the 1992 team didn't stay in the Olympic Village.
NASCAR... yawn.
Another student dies, and Notre Dame takes no responsibility.
Overrated Show
The Miami Heat have a worse record than they did at this time last year, and are already holding team-only meetings. I don't think this was a part of the plan.
Coincidence?
World cup 2018 in Russia and 2022 in Qatar. US lost the bid.
The Lyin' King
Man, I'm going to miss college football.
DILF
This pic is too funny to have a title.
Guy turns down New York Jets to keep job as train conductor
If There Isn’t A 2011 NFL Season, Should We Blame The Owners Or Players? 
Metrodome Roof Collapse Video 
Lebron over the backboard shot.
On this holy day we should be celebrating the chosen one.
Sorry Phillies fans. THIS is the greatest rotation of all time.
Thank you for this completely arbitrary stat Yahoo! Sports
Good morning...Greinke traded to the Brewers.
I can no longer deny it, after years of contemplation... I am a Patriots fan.
It's funny that this is the suggested search option for basically every athlete.
The NCAA says the OSU players can play in the Sugar Bowl becasue of inadequate rules education. Then what were the SIX full-time compliance officers employed by OSU doing?
Daniel Sepulveda destroys punt returner
Favre fined $50,000 by NFL
NHL Winter Classic, will be a rain delay, puck drop at 8:00 EST
I'm not watching the Sugar Bowl because of the rediculous ruling the NCAA handed down, who's with me?
The NFL's Toughest QB? Jay Cutler
So, you get a shitload of helmet stickers just for showing up at Ohio State? Cause no player on their roster has less than 20...
Kudos to Boston Herald sports writer Steve Buckley for finally hosting his coming-out party.
Hill Taylor swims the entire 50m backstroke underwater.
Shock Claim: Clippers Owner Showed Showering Players To Visiting Women
Marshawn Lynch-BEAST MODE ON!
Calm down r/sports. Marshawn Lynch God mode??? His run is impressive but doesn't compare to any of these. Nobody in the history of the NFL ran harder than this man.
what a national championship!! congrats Auburn. For now.
Seahawks have made sports magical again in Seattle
patriots punter, zoltan mesko, out of uniform
DAAAAAA BEARS
Penalty on Rex Ryan...
What the Bears Will Do to Aaron Rodgers on Sunday [pic]
Pretty sure this is the most awkward sports interview . . . ever.
Here we go Steelers, here we go!  Pittsburgh's going to the Super Bowl.
Jay Cutler to be replaced for acting like a little girl...
So I made a $7000 profit at StubHub's expense and still got into the BCS National Championship game for face value.
Jay Cutler's knee hurt SO BAD...he had to take the stairs
[Map] Where The Stars Sit At Lakers Games
What a brilliant logo. took me so long to realize it was an m and a b
13 yr Old Freestyle Skier...the Next Tanner Hall
Senator: ATDHE.NET domain name seizures alarmingly unprecedented
Mark Sanchez and a 17-year old girl
Cleveland Cavaliers lose NBA record 24th straight game, 111-105.
Time-lapse of a Packers fan watching the Super Bowl alone. (gets good around 3:30)
For all those people who say rugby is just like American football, but without the sissy pads, here you go.
Well, that pretty much sums it up
Time to Turn Off National Anthem Before Sports Events?
Wicked men. Servants of Sauron. They are called to ...DURHAM. Mt. Dook...
Have you ever seen SIX NHL players from the same team in one penalty box before?
If you do this, you must think you're teammates are retarted.
I'm pretty sure Derek Jeter is related to Machine Gun Kelly
Best sports story I've ever read.
Soccer vs. Football: Which one is more entertaining to watch?
Why so serious Bobby?
Nice hat, Sidney!
NBA All Star Weekend-- Awesome Rookie Game Bounce Dunk 
Why College Hockey Arenas Are the Cathedrals of Sports
Longest introduction in the history of the world. NBA All-Star Game 2011.
Kobe just dunked on LeBron in All-Star game
Vikings' Bryant McKinnie runs up $100,000 bar tab in Hollywood 
What do Fernando Torres and Carmelo Anthony have in common? 
Let's talk worst jerseys in sports history
why is using the glass considered a bitch move in basketball?
could they have messed up an easier name?!
Clippers Celebrate Black History Month in the Wrong Month
As a die hard Chicago Bulls fan, I wait anxiously for the point in the season where every team has at least 11 losses so that the 1995-1996 Bulls' record is still in tact. With the Spurs losing tonight, peace has been restored.
This guy has it right, we should be applauding BYU for dismissing Davies
DAE find it funny ESPN has changed their Heat Index to the Panic Meter?
Derek Jeter Rejects Move To Outfield By Reminding Yankees That He's Derek Fucking Jeter
Charles Barkley rants on the black youth in America
Was watching the Nets Celtics game last night and saw this crazy guy
The bracket that will maximize your chance of winning your office pool (x-post from r/collegebasketball)
Chris Broussard just kills it with his take on the Jalen Rose-Grant Hill controversy.
Granderson Picks His At-Bat Music
Who else thinks Lebron will never win a championship?
Can we just stop pretending anyone cares about the Women's NCAA tourney?
Worst NFL Rumor of the Week:  Favre to Join the Panthers?
Baseball gifs
If you don't like Sean Avery, you'll love this
Two Dodgers fans critically injure Giants fan on opening day
India wins the Cricket World Cup
Congrats to Ichiro on breaking Edgar's team record!
LeBron James’ Mother Arrested for Assaulting Parking Valet. Oh yeah she was drunk...
Manny Ramirez has just retired from baseball
pretty much my plan for the rest of the day at work.
Brittany Spears was just taken 19th in the WNBA draft.
Bonds found guilty of obstruction of justice, mistrial on other counts.
Last day as a kiss cam operator? Yeah, I'd probably do the same thing. 
Baseball is fun when shit like this happens
Derrick Rose is the greatest Chicago Bull of all time!
Ray Lewis Inspirational Speech
7th grade quarterback's trick shot video........holy shit.
Alright, which one of us did this...
The 2011 Time 100 list includes 3 athletes. Probably Lebron, Peyton, Tiger...right? Nope, its 3 athletes most of us have never heard of.
I crack myself up
Really, ESPN?
Andre Either's more likely to have his house struck by a meteor than add another 40 games to his hit streak.
Rashard Mendenhall is an asshat.
So I was looking at my friend's Dirty Vicks that he bought in '06 and something jumped out at me.
I thought we were done with this...
Would it be possible to create a /r/ESPNSucks subreddit and send all related posts there?
Shaq is coming back! My prediction: Celtics 87, Heat 80
Lightning Fan Outwits HOA Over Playoff Sign (x-post from /r/hockey)
Happy 80th Birthday to the Say Hey Kid, the greatest of all-time!
Why do ads stream better than the actual content on ESPN3.com?
Why does everyone hate the Lakers so much?
My team is 3-1. Your team is 1-3. Why so shy now haters?
Everytime I see Rajon Rondo I can't help but think of this...
WOW, there really is no justice in the NCAA.  Fiesta Bowl remains BCS,
According to this subreddit, to Americans, the image of a soccer fan is a uncool vegan effete socialist hybrid-driving foreigner who speaks with a sissy lisp
who's upvoting the pitcher's mound at Petco?
Hey guys, just found this subreddit, you guys all seem pretty nice and such. So, how about that ludicrous display last night?
20 Years Ago Today - That HAD to Hurt!
A NYC Subway ad, Thought you might like this. 
Atlanta Thrashers
video - Is this the best soccer goal assist ever? 
Forbes Full List: The World's 50 Highest-Paid Athletes.. Guess who's still at number 1...
WTF did i just watch. 17-2 Dallas run
The Best Way to Bunt
Plaxico served hard time for shooting himself. How does his crime compare to players like Donte Stallworth? And where will he end up if there is a season?
Larry Bird playing baseball
Forever Young!  Joe Pa is such a BOSS.
Why the Heat Aren't that Great. GO MAVS.
Forget Game 6. Here's what to expect from the REAL basketball season, the WNBA. 
Who feels like the Heat gave up?
Who is getting fired? 
My boss just said today is LeBron James Day at the office...
Streaky
There are no sports on anymore!
Great Moments in “Adults Stealing Balls from Kids” History
The Dodgers are now lying about their attendance. They're claiming last night's game was 29,355 (52.4% full)... In reality it looked at little different.
Has any city had the kind of decade Boston just had in terms of sports success?
Is anyone else watching... err... Wimbledon right now?
Today is the first anniversary of Donovan's goal against Algeria. Here it is for all to see once again, in HD.
LeBron James: The 12 Dumbest Quotes of His Professional Career 
Someone should be fired, first for ricky rubio, and now this...
Most common responses on soccer by American posters on sports message boards
Steelers Center Maurkice Pouncey uses 'planking' as an excuse to get on top of another dude
WTF is going on with the NBA right now?
Jose Bautista's Doppelgänger?
Fifa president Sepp Blatter meets Zimbabwe dictator Robert Mugabe
Perjury trial of Roger Clemens begins this week
Help choosing which baseball team to root for...my favorite is the Yankees one.
Derek Jeter on the pressure of hitting number 3000...
I don't care what you say, Casey Anthony is pretty hot. And if this photo is any sort of foreshadowing to the coming NCAA rulings against Ohio State, probably not going to turn out too terrible for them!
USA is headed to the finals!
Rookie Goalie scores from 90 yards away
The True Father of TIL
The empire state building will show Japan's flag if we lose on Sunday...
LSU to Brew, Brand, and Sell Their Own Beer. Love it.
World's Longest Slam Dunk.  
When will football become a major sport in Europe?
Dear Mr. Selig, I will not buy tickets for an MLB game or buy any MLB merchandise until there is instant replay (x-post r/baseball)
Did they think they would get away with it?
Announcing Team Logos on /r/sports
Stephen Colbert has taken over the MLB's twitter for 24hours
Planking TD celebration by Winnipeg Blue Bombers
What to you is the biggest stage in sports?
USA v Mexico 1-1 Incredible no call by ref
Gymnasts are BEASTS! [VID]
Santiago Casilla And The Worst At-Bat In Baseball History 
Who's ready for some enthusiastic CFB analysis by Lou Holtz?
England make inroads against India to move closer to whitewash
So.....This Happened Today. 
Best way to watch football free?
Anyone else think this guy is going to have a breakout season?
Has anyone else noticed the drama going on at ESPN??
Upping Your “A” Game with the “S” Word
The woman was an NCAA investigator in disguise seeing if the players would take improper benefits
The most welcome news of the day for every Irish pub with premium cable in the U.S.
On the 1st Quarter of the NFL season
The Detroit Tigers and Detroit Lions won on the same day for the first time since Sept 30 2007
Once again, Jets dominate in New York on September 11
Patriots PR dept. has to spin Tom Brady's Start drinking early comment.
Hope Solo Bikini Pic! WINNING!
/r/sports, is it still gonna be a while until we get those college and soccer logo options?
Yankees GM admits to pretending to be interested in the highly sought after outfielder, Carl Crawford, this past off-season, in order to drive up his price to cost the Red Sox more money.
Barack Obama is LeBron James
Fan kicked out of stadium for standing too much
The Rays win and claim the wild card after Boston loses
r/Sports, is this too fucked up?
I know it's been said, but damn.  Three DBs and no one had a chance.
One week before the pro baseball season ended, Florida Marlins pitcher Leo Nunez made a stunning admission: For the past 10 years, he lied about both his age and his name.
Schumaker at the plate....here's the 1-1 pitc,SQUIRELL!!
This just in: Brett Favre is an asshole
DAE think it's incredibly arrogant to refer the winners of the NBA, MLB or NFL as World Champions?
Patriots cut RB Kettani after being called to serve with the US Navy
My prayers have been answered. Tim McCarver in hospital and not broadcasting!
Nyjur's series winning hit.  Miller Park was insane.
It's shit like this ESPN...
David Ortiz in Yankee hat?!... I guess anything is possible next season.
No look over the head alley-oop from Rajon Rondo.
My cat hates Texas too.
When is the last time teams from the same city played against teams in the same city, on the same day, in two sports?
On fans using the word we
Funny anecdotes about Michael Jordan, Scottie Pippen and the rest of the 90's Bulls
My second attempt at a weekly satirical sports column. This week my take on College Football
Redditors from England, there's going to be an NFL (that is, professional hand-egg) game in London at Wembley Stadium today (for you). Is it a big deal?
Why do so many people hate Manchester United?
A 4'9 130 lb running back has walked onto the Rice University football team
Of course it is...
It's shit like this ESPN.
Excellent save from the MLS playoffs over the weekend
Floyd vs. Manny, May 5th 2012. Will it happen?
I don't care If the NBA cancels the season. 
Les Smiles 
How it feels being a Ravens fan tonight
Joe Frazier R.I.P.
Penn State coward. Gingers might have souls, but this one has no balls.
Sandusky Grand Jury Report
To all the punk ass college kids rioting about Paterno's firing, I hope you are prison raped soon. That's all.
Congratulations to Penn State students on displaying the exact amount of intelligence it takes to get into Penn State.
That is a ton of votes on ESPN
They've got a long way to go
UCIrvine Mens Soccer wins 3rd Big West championship in past 4 years!
Rex ryan tells fan to shut the fuck up.
New England Patriots Football schedule
Drunk CFL fan does a face plant after trying to dance
Maybe I'm the only idiot who never noticed before, but 11 baseball teams (soon to be 12 with the new Miami stadium) use the 3rd base side for the home dugout.
No other sport generates such hatred from its detractors. The xenophobe slams it as alien, the never satiated despise the lack of scoring, and the fans of crunching football tackles deride the soccer wimp writhing on the field crying for Mommy. And yet, soccer is prevailing.
Question: How long until this is totally abused in pro sports?
Houston Astros Will Move to the A.L. West in 2013: MLB Fan's Reaction - MLB - Yahoo! Sports
The real reason Manning's out, Tebow can't throw, and the NBA lockout continues
Tiny American Samoa (worst ranked national soccer team in the world) wins their first game ever! This is the same team that lost 31-0 against Australia.
Chiefs claim QB Kyle Orton
Dear Kobe, you're a dickhead for endorsing this crap, so no sympathies.
Tebow helps a guy propose to his girlfriend.
You ain't hustlin unless you smoking...
This may be the nicest sports story I've ever read. Janitor wins the Lottery, pays for new Track and Field facilities.
Almost Every Play
New sports stadiums don't improve local economies  
So The NBA lockout is over. Now I can go from not having them around, to ignoring them completely. 
NFL's dirtiest player takes a bath
Hitler reacts to the end of the UT - A&amp;M rivalry.
After OSU's plane crash, tasteless OU fan causes outrage with tweet mocking OSU football players
Too much talk of Lebron James to the NFL and Tim Tebow for MVP. I'm done with you ESPN.
‘BASEketball’ almost predicted the Marlins uniforms in 1998
Magic Johnson trying to buy Dodgers.
First Albert Pujols to the Angels, now Chris Paul is heading to the Lakers
The Lakers new PG!
Not so fast: CP3 deal called off by NBA.
Indiana beats #1 Kentucky with a three at the buzzer. FINAL 73-72
Saw this in the news section after googling 'Sandusky' ಠ_ಠ
Jeter is such the man that he give parting gifts to his one-night stands like they are on a game show.
What it's like to flip on a trampoline from a gymnast's POV (xpost from /r/gymnastics)
Jerry Sandusky's lawyer tells media to dial 1-800-REALITY. That number is in fact a gay sex hotline. 
I'm Done With Pardon The Interruption 
Say a famous quote or a quote from a movie but insert Tebow's name in it. Ill start.....
Why don't we have flair self-selection like most other subreddits?
Who says soccer is boring? (relax there is no actual soccer shown)
Anyone else think Shaq's monotone is awful for television? 
Kevin Garnett chokes/fights Bill Walker on Christmas Day NBA opener
The one good thing about the Mavs last night...
Tnt commentators make fun of fan 
Game Thread: Rose Bowl
American goalie scores a goal, with help from the wind
Flagrant fouls? Not really (also love all the parents in comments that are bullying) hahaha
Texas Ranger's pitcher Derek Holland and NBA Finals MVP Dirk Nowitzki playing Wiffle Ball.
They Shouldn’t Be Part Of One's Marathon Training Diet
LET THE TEBOW TRAIN KEEP ROLLING!!
Scumbag Tebow
Does anyone else want to kick Coach Cowher in the face?
God does not love Tim Tebow
Mayweather calls out Pacquiao on Twitter.  This should be fun.
Stephen A Smith just called out Skip Bayless for hedging his bets (it was GREAT)
Sonny Weems game winning slam dunk for Zalgiris tonight! 
Jews for Tebow!
Post game tebow. 
Derp.
I know that many of you don't consider auto racing a sport, but god damn these rally guys can drive!
Mike Brown.jpg
ATTENTION !! We get it...Sarah Burke is hot. But now she passed away. Please stop flooding the front page...
Joe Paterno has passed according to local doctors
How false reports of Joe Paterno’s death were spread and debunked | Poynter.
DAE hate how so many women's college teams have the Lady _____s moniker?
DAE feel like dumb plays by individuals stopped the two best teams from going to the Superbowl?
Reports indicate that Raven's kicker Billy Cundiff tried to hang himself after his team's loss to the Patriots... [xpost from /r/nfl]
How I felt watching Victor Cruz play tonight.
Why should we be grieving for Joe Paterno?
 Thats What She Said: The NBA's Softest Big Men
Jose Bautista has been randomly drug-tested 16 times in the past two years.
Bet my boyfriend I could match at least 16 NFL teams to their cities. The results were not that impressive.
In baseball, rather than have an arbitrary strike zone, why not just put a rectangular target up? If the pitcher hits it, it is a strike. If he misses it, it is a ball.
Football or Rugby: Whose Players are Tougher?
The greatest Superbowl prediction video of all time...
I spent a month scrimmaging with a homeless soccer team. This is what I learned.
Want ESPN Insider?  Buy a subscription to ESPN magazine for $4 and get Insider free
The Giants won the Super Bowl!
As both a Patriots fan and a fan of football in general, this is what terrifies me the most about tomorrow.
Cry me a fucking river over three-time Superbowl winner Tom Brady
How I imagine the entire city of Boston feels right now...
Can we PLEASE have flair self-selection? The system is obviously not functional
What Giants player do you want to see? 
Who's got it better than us?
Giants' Victor Cruz: I feel like I deserve to be paid more money at this point
Full-court, buzzer-beating, bounce-pass, dunk from a high-school game in Oklahoma 
Just a few friends with Jeremy Lin. 
All he does is LIN!
So apparently this sport exists in America now...
Think football season is over? Not quite! Arena Football starts March 9th. Go to: /r/ArenaFootball
Linpossibru!
Kobe Bryant Is Back With Vanessa: Why Thats Bad News For Drizzy Drake
Video of Jeremy Lin teaching a guy how to play basketball. Ahh... Get your nuts out of my face! 
This is going to be awkward...
ESPN Showing Off Their Superb Graph Making Skills, Yet Again
Want to watch Jeremy Lin play in New York City?  Many can't because Knicks games have been blacked out in a cable dispute between Time Warner and MSG Network
I come to r/sports for sport not Lin.
College basketball player alley-oops himself for a monstrous dunk.
Check out the guy log-rolling down the hill after the make by Mickelson.
Look who made it to the Knicks game!
Stop Being Good at Basketball, You're Messing Everything up! Jeremy Lin.
Reminder: Fox Sports Chose NOT To Fire The Guy Who Said Something WAY More Racist Than The ESPN Headline
Danica Patrick, raising awareness for the disease that took her grandmother's life
I call this one - Dear ESPN
Is Ben &amp; Jerry's apology and removal of fortune cookies from Lin-Sanity frozen yogurt going too far in the name of political correctness? 
Wade breaks Bryant's nose, Heat at Lakers on Sunday
Well, that's one way to dry the track...
Floyd Mayweather is everything that's wrong with boxing. Why people pay to watch this guy is beyond me. He's human trash.
Clippers turn their back on longtime superfan Clipper Darrell, asking him to drop the Clipper from his name and even going so far as to claim he is not actually a fan of the Clippers
JP Arencibia does a Tim Kurkjian impression
Linsanity
Peyton Manning's release speech
Has there ever been a collegiate coach who taught classes as a professor for the team he was coaching?
What did Time Tebow do while the Broncos were wooing Peyton Manning?  
Being a Washington Wizards fan, it's hard to find enjoyment in this season: this video, though, of Javale McGee's 8 most bone-headed plays made me laugh.
Shaq Ready to Beat Up Jose Canseco For Our Enjoyment
It's not the same without you
My two favorite days in March are....
Softball in Greenpoint
Hey Tebow!
Peyton Manning to Denver Broncos
Tebow Trade Official
When kids live in the mud they get more wish for success, in that way succeed Novak Djokovic. Once in the basement, now at the top of the world.
Today is the 15 Year Anniversary of the Infamous Detroit Red Wings vs Colorado Avalanche Fight
U.S. fails to qualify for Olympic Soccer at 2012 Games
Tim Duncan is NOT old! 
That's a little harsh ESPN
Greatest moment in sports history
Hey Kentucky fans. Check this out! 
Without Rose, Bulls are no match for Durant's Thunder
What I get for going to a Div. III college...
Anthony Davis actually has 2 eyebrows, 1 is just blocking the other...
No-Holds-Barred Roller Derby Slam of the Year &amp; 2011 Season Recap
My coworker named his March Madness bracket my cat picked out this bracket. He won, so I made these for him. (x-post from r/AA)
Source: Gregg Williams instructed Saints during speech to injure Niners offensive players 
This was the highlight of my super bowl experience ...
Haters gonna hate.
It's been 3 years since Nick Adenhart was killed.  He used to throw bullpens during offseason in the baseball center I went.  Here's him on the right with me on center two months before the tragedy.  R.I.P. Nick
What I'm looking forward to most this summer [fixed]
What guys are looking forward to this summer
For all American sports fans who think that the rest of the world accepts or likes diving in soccer
Alabama's Jesse Williams' outfit at the White House.  What a man.
Congratz to Phillip Humber on throwing the 21st Perfect Game in Baseball History!!
To be fair, this is a good way to ensure your sign gets on television
Americans may not get it...but Torres just showed why soccer will continue to be the most watched sport on the planet for the next 9000 years
He hasn't even officially been drafted and yet... (Last sentence of introduction)
How I feel when people argue for a playoff in college football
Russell Wilson's Wife Is Thrilled He Was Drafted
Poor Cleveland
Come on Del Zotto
Like a Bosh
Just a dude wakeboarding. 
New documents filed by the attorneys for Jerry Sandusky suggest there are at least 17 accusers in the child sexual abuse case, a much higher number than described in criminal charges.
Attention All Women: Take Away Jets QB Tim Tebow’s Virginity And Win $1 Million Dollars
Anybody else notice this during the Mayweather/Cotto fight?
Body found at Kentucky Derby track
The 8th seeded LA Kings just swept the 2nd seeded St. Louis Blues with a 3-1 win. The Kings are now 8-1 in the playoffs.
Does the lack of helmet and face mask in Rugby actually protect players? 
The Yankee Stadium scoreboard advertised something called Anal Kid Time tonight 
Its these often unnoticed pieces of skill that separate great players from the rest (Zidane in the 90's)
NFL veteran quits, fearing future brain damage
Saturday Night Live Mocks Stephen A. Smith
Racist fans make monkey chants at a black player Hulk, who then goes on to do this...
Colin Cowherd is the worst. 
You know its the NFL off-season when this is a headline story
A nice trailer of the biggest sports event this year
Rugby: Unbelievable display of strength
Pat Summit to Receive Medal of Freedom from Obama Today
To Cheat or Not to Cheat -- This is a story about the hundreds, even thousands, of anonymous ballplayers whose careers and lives were changed by a temptation that defined an era. The temptation to cheat, to improve their game with the use of steroids 
Santana no hits the Cards. First Met no-hitter of all time!
NFL/NHL helmets should come with built in cameras
Look who participated in the Kid's Cancer Buzz-Off!
Oh, of course Bosh is ready to play as soon as the series is tied.
A man walks into the bar with his dog...
Onrait and O'Toole dance on Sportscentre!
Hello r/sports. I created a sub dedicated to the art of the vertical leap, and more specifically the slam dunk.
Amazing Energy at the Game
Durant prevents LeBron from winning a title (appropriate repost)
Bob Arum refuses Pacquiao-Bradley rematch; wants investigation into scoring controversy
Błaszczykowski's equaliser against Russia - goal of the tournament so far?
Dirk Keeping it real
Matt Cain throws the 22nd Perfect Game in MLB history
Lance Armstrong faces new doping charges, barring him from competing in triathlons 
Video of great Irish fans singing Fields of Athenry as their team is destroyed by Spain. Say what you want about soccer, but it still has the GOAT fans.
Look out, Heat.
Damn that is cold DrunkBarney
TIL that the HEAT and the THUNDER make history by playing in the only major sport (NBA, NFL, NHL, MLB) championship game/series that features two teams with singular mascot names.  
You may not agree but cheering should be a sport under title IX or girls will continue getting more injuries. Please help.
Crazy fan interrupts U.S. Open Trophy Presentation.
What to Expect During a Football (Soccer) Half-Time 
Show
Teen Titans assemble! (xpost from r/funny)
LeBron James: World Champion Cocksucker
It is the perfect storm of irony and karma that Jerry Sandusky will find out what his victims experienced when he takes his next public shower. 
So, I finally figured out who Bosh looks like...
The least probable thing to happen in sports?
Germany vs. Italy - Come to see a German newspaper's lowbrow front page, stay for the stinging comment by Deadspin reader
Makes you think
cubs game :(
Man holding infant catches foul ball with one hand, gets applause from Braves SS Andrelton Simmons.
Meanwhile, in an alternate universe...
Anderson Silva pulls a bitch move at weigh in.
Roger Federer wins Wimbeldon for the 7th time, back on top, and with more records
My new desk.  I feel healthier (and smarter) after just a week.
True very true
Jason Kidd arrested for DWI
Dallas Cowboys wide receiver Dez Bryant reportedly was arrested Monday on a misdemeanor family violence charge in the southern Dallas suburb of DeSoto, Texas.

World's Greatest Athlete Forced Back Into Diamond Mine At Gunpoint
Old Tom Morris held the record for the largest margin of victory in a major golf championship (14 strokes at the 1862 Open Championship) for 138-years, until Tiger Woods won the 2000 U.S. Open by 15 strokes.
Meet Michelle Jenneke, the Australian hurdler with the sexy warmup routine
Superhuman Athletes: Enhancements such as 
doping are illegal in sport — but if all restrictions 
were lifted, science could push human performance 
to new extremes
Joe Paterno's statue should remain outside Beaver Stadium as Penn State's Scarlet letter.
Be glad that wasn't your face
Old News... I know....  But I love that the restaurant put this up!
When I saw Ichiro was traded....to the yankees
Paralyzed from the neck-down, TB Buccaneer's Eric LeGrand announces his retirement from the NFL
It's Official: Red Bulls Land Cahill 
How I feel on reading the comments section of an ESPN article
The Olympics Are World Class at Being Boring
NBC Just Spoiled An Event Again!!!
USA just crushed Tunisia, and Tunisian player asked Kobe Bryant for an autograph. 
Should women compete with men in the Olympics but be allowed to use performance enhancing drugs to level the playing field?
Sorry Michael Phelps, this is the most decorated Olympian
Guy explains the Madden Curse
Neither the Will nor the Cash: Why India Wins So Few Olympic Medals
The moment Ennis won Olympic gold
Jeff Gordon wins Pocono race!
Manning / Tebow / Denver: Funniest sports article in recent history
ESPN, I hate when you do this
Here's some data for the swimming has too many medals debate
Why Bronze Medalists Are Happier Than Silver Winners
With an unbeatable lead, USA has pounded the rest of the world into oblivion, proving once again that this is our planet and we run it.
This is officially the low point at ESPN.  
Can We Talk About The Real Vanessa Bryant Quote That Makes Her Sound Like An Awful Person?
Julius Peppers confirms his transcript posted to North Carolina Tar Heels site 
I think we have a new inductee into the worst excuse for failing a drug test hall of fame
Just imagine America's greatest athletes (Athletic black freaks) like LeBron James, Michael Vick, Chris Johnson, Kevin Garnett, Chad Johnson...etc playing against the soccer guys. Is there any reason to doubt that America would dominate soccer if we cared?
Andrew Luck, Colts QB and Architecture graduate of Stanford, sold this drawing of Lucas Oil Stadium on EBAY. 
Right now, Penn State is winning a popularity contest. That needs to change.
Suggestion: The next time a Baseball player tests positive for PEDs, the entire sport of baseball gets suspended for 50 games.
Lance Armstrong Ends Fight Against Doping Charges -NY Times
Hey guys!  I think something happened with that Armstrong fellow! 
Lifetime ban for Lance Armstrong and stripped of all his Tour de France titles
What lies in the future for sport? Which sport will die out, which ones will rise?
Lance Armstrong is stripped of his seven Tour de France titles

Lance Armstrong loses all 7 Tour de France titles, hit with lifetime ban from cycling over doping 
ESPN ran out of Tebow stories for today.
Are soccer players tougher than people give them credit for?
Moneyball: Losing his titles may just be the start of Armstrong's troubles
Terrell Owens No Longer A Seahawk
Best article I've ever read about why we root for the teams that we do.  
Mario Chalmers thinks he is in the ‘front end’ of the top 10 point guards in the NBA
PSU upset
A group of lawmakers targets USADA over  rules for dealing with athletes who have never failed a drug test after Lance Armstrong ruling
My daughter showing love for Mo Farah and Usain Bolt
3 reasons why a promotion-relegation system would work GREAT  in the five major American leagues
So my V.P. at my school doesn't like me for some reason and won't allow me to cheer at the upcoming football game this Friday so I was hoping you guys could help me and vote for the High school Football game of the week? Eastlake vs. Seattle Prep!
I hate people that do this kind of stuff in my fantasy league.
Steve Sabol, Creative Force Behind NFL Films, Dies at 69
Yunel Escobar suspended 3 games by Blue Jays for homophobic slur on eye-black
Spotted in a Las Vegas Hooters (from /r/pics)
Steve Young Is Right: The NFL Will Win The Referee Lockout, No Matter How Much You Complain.  The Demand for NFL is the same.
NHL cancels preseason through Sept. 30
If there's anything that can bring the hockey strike to an end, maybe it's a fun song from a cute girl?
As a Liverpool and Green Bay fan....
Seahawks.... They did not win. What is the worst call you have ever seen in a football game?
ESPN ran the blown call the entire 30 mins of my lunch break today. WTF ESPN? You'd think the NFL was having it's 9-11 moment. There were 15 other games this weekend. MLB has a pennant race. Oh wait - I forgot ratings are all about sensationalism &amp; controversy.
How I feel as a Seahawks fan listening to all the complaints about last night
As a hockey fan, my reaction upon hearing the NFL labor issues are likely over this week.
Be careful what you wish for...
Michael Morse Ran The Bases Backwards, Swung With No Bat, And Re-Ran The Bases Forwards Tonight
Why the mainstream media is dead wrong about boxing (and why this will come back to haunt them)
If only this guy could make in to the NBA.
Barkley, please... Baby Bron Bron will never be better than MJ
Mike McCarthy Reaches Out To Replacement Ref who blew the game.
This is why so many people around the world are totally unimpressed with american football.
Phil Jackson said LeBron has the tools to be better than MJ. Here is Michael's reaction.
USADA releases 200 page report about Lance Armstrong Doping all these years
Visual representation of the Reds' recent postseason history.
Are The Yankees the Most Hated Team in All of Sports?
Why has USA the center of the sports world, despite having only 5% of the planets population?
A crazy day in football today! Romania-Netherlands, Slovakia-Greece, Belgium-Scotland, Germany-Sweden, Italy-Denmark, Spain-France!!! 
Hey John Sterling...
Apparently 78% of NFL players are either bankrupt or in financial trouble within 2 years of retirement, and an estimated 60% of NBA players go bankrupt within 5 years after leaving their sport.
No unsportsmanlike for challenging a non challengable play?
Regardless of whether Lance Armstrong broke cycling rules or not, a great sporting achievement has been wiped from the books today. Previously listed as seven consecutive victories, Lance Armstrong's Tour de France results now each read Disqualified.
Is anyone else surprised that Auburn is 1-6?
St Louis' Mayor changed Twitter profile photo to Giants after Cardinals lost
Hunter Pence reminds me of this guy
Lance Armstrong's new sponsors. 
Can Notre Dame regain its storied glory? 
This Sunday Detroit will host a World Series game and  NFL game hours apart and right next door to each other, but the real question is...
I cringed (Hit on Marcus Lattimore)
Giants Sweep WORLD SERIES! 
30 for 30 Guy
Mark Cuban on the Lakers:  I just hope they suck
RJ's NFL Picks: Week Nine
Fantasy Baseball 2013: Impact of a Tim Lincecum-Jacoby Ellsbury Trade
Dan Le Betard's Highly Questionable 
Some men just want to watch the world burn
Jim Mora, coach of UCLA Bruins, reacts to fake Twitter account  
Best Volleyball Spike i have seen in awhile
Remember when they showed a man's ass on tv
Goals of the week
You don't need to like football / soccer to appreciate this
Gotta love Bills fans
GSP after his fight [X-Post r/pics]
Today, some over-serious white guy at your local gym will score 12 of his team's 15 points and scream Jack Taylor who!? Punch him. 
The definitive video recap of last night's game: The Jets achieve the impossible dream
Best 15 yard penalty of the season [fixed]
Louisville to join the ACC in 2014
The vikings raped a lot of people... (xpost from r/standupshots)
For my cakeday I'd like to submit a video of the sport I grew up playing, Australian Rules Football.
Rotoworld reports Chargers GM and Norv Turner will be fired at seasons end.
The Syracuse player who was caught for shoplifting is third in the nation in steals.
The Avalanche At Tunnel Creek ... a spellbinding NY Times Documentary telling the tale of 16 skiers caught in a massive avalanche.
Chad Johnson, aka Chad Ocho Cinco with NSFW pics and possible vid.
Former Pitcher Sentenced for Attempted Murder Is Reportedly Released
the real reason you still watch the red sox 
This is the first HighSchool State Championship we have ever won. This photo will go down in sports History!
National Champion coach at U. Texas quits after having lesbian relationship with one of her athletes:  But is it illegal to sleep with a student? 
SC Feed covers the most important stories
The Butler vs. Gonzaga buzzer beater. I want you all to look at Brad Stevens during the entire play. 
Akers - after missing his only FG attempt in the NFC Championship.
Ottawa Senator's coach Paul Maclean's doppelganger sitting behind him at a game (x-post from /r/NHL)
Tim Brown claims that Raiders head coach Bill Callahan sabotaged his team in Super Bowl XXXVII.
One of Shaquille O'Neal's shoes
[Cody Zeller] Has anyone else ever thought that these two are secretly father and son?
Hypothetical: Ray Lewis is guilty of Murder and admits it after the Super Bowl. Your thoughts?
Guess who is going to be caught up in a gay sex scandal years from now?
Caleb Moore dies after injuries in X Games crash
Well, the good news is you can't air ball it!
Confetti Angel!
Ed O'Bannon vs. the NCAA
U.S. in need of answers after losing to Honduras 
Put pressure on the IOC to overturn their decision to drop wrestling from the Olympics in 2020
LSU Tigers to introduce Cam Cameron as new offensive coordinator Friday 
Neil Degrasse Tyson should hold a symposium with special guest speaker Jose Canseco
Johnny Manziel taking all on-line classes
Am I the only one that would like to see American sports crown a 'regular season' champion a la Euro soccer?
Fans injured during horrific wreck
Best way to solve a dispute.
Goals of the week
This is why Phil Mickelson is awesome.
Polish wrestler Andrzej Supron to return 1980 medal in protest over the sport's proposed removal from the program of the 2020 Games.
And people ask why Yahoo! sucks
Mascotology: Picking the Entire NCAA Tournament … by Mascot
Loved seeing this guy calling the Flyers/Lightning game on NBC tonight!
To funny!
Probably would've had better luck if I'd picked my bracket like this this year.
My bracket is failing after Ohio State and Kansas lost.
The Championship Game is going to be just like the BCS Bowl in football...a shutout because nobody teams made it to finals.....
Mike Rice has had one hell of a day.
I wish this was the Derek Fisher we saw more often...
I cheer against Louisville because Papa John is an asshole and is a Louisville fan. I cheer against Notre Dame because my old (asshole) manager was an ND fan. What random loves and hates do you have in sports?
Rory SUPER awkward interview with GF Caroline Wozniaki
I just want to wish all those doing the Boston Marathon today good luck and congratulations!
What do you call a white man surrounded by 9 black guys?
Auburn Tigers fans celebrate oak trees at Toomer's Corner
Easiest sport to fix a game
Attend a Major League Ultimate game, see how Ultimate Frisbee is helping to guide our youth and do the coin toss
Since I couldn't find one, I created a list that has all the official colors of every team from the major (American) leagues
The Daily Show Talks About Jason Collins and It's Impact on Sports
Now that is what you call a shining victory.
Rangers sweep the Red Sox while having the same record as them and, somehow, the Sox steal the #1 spot from the Rangers. WTF ESPN?
One way to score a goal
Search for basketball's next great 7-foot center leads to India and China.
This picture I took captures the essence of Noah's ejection from Game 2, Bulls @ Heat
Your state's highest paid public employee is a coach.
I have a basketball signed by the 1972-1973 Harlem Globetrotters. Where can I find its value?
Bryce Harper slams into wall at Dodger Stadium. Necklace tears up his neck.
After building it for a few months, I finally launched gArchives - an online soccer/football goals database that users can edit
Daron Mookie Blaylock is on life support after car crash
MLB - major PED news
Punch-up in Game 1 of State of Origin (Rugby league) tonight.
The Colorado Rockies put World Series tickets on sale, and the demand crashed the computer system handling sales
Patriots Dominate Bye Week 70-7
Mark Cuban, Billionaire Owner of the Dallas Mavericks, Talks About Success and Motivation. (He Went from A 24 Year Old Bum To Multi-Billionaire)
Roger Federer loses in the Australian Open
Girl MMA Fighter Tonya Evinger’s Crazy Pre Fight Interview
Barry Bonds tested positive for steroids in November 2000, the year before he set baseball's single-season home run record
New England Patriots team captain caught with four blunts at rap concert in Louisiana
Maria Kanellis Nude Playboy Photos Hit the Net (Photos and Video)
Brett Favre Press Conference (Video)
Taking Aim at Bristol...Interesting read about the ESPN's current struggles.
Innovation Madness: CBS Brings Entire NCAA Tournament to the Web
Quinton Rampage Jackson Vs Ricardo Arona Fight Video Pride
33 Of The Best Diving Sites In The World
Alona Bonderenko Defies You to Keep It Pure in Sexy K-Swiss Ad
One brother: Super Bowl winning kicker.  The other: Serving 27 years in federal prison.
The Loudest Fan in the NBA
Eli Manning and Abby McGrew Married in Mexico (Photos)
Baseball Park Rankings: Yanks and Red Sox not even in top 10
Tour de France bicyclist gets, uh, upset with his bike. Hilarity ensues.
MLB Action in a Desktop Package - Scorecast vs. Liveboard
Ron Artest is friggin crazy!
Ask Reddit: Which is more of an advantage, Babe Ruth playing without minorities or Barry Bonds playing with steroids, each in their respective eras?
Best dunk in history.  When watching the video, keep in mind that the man Carter jumps over is more than seven feet tall.
Pictured: Superstar matador gets gored by TWO angry bulls
Euro 2008: Germany through to the finals! Germany 3-2 Turkey
Fresno State's Men's Baseball makes history as lowest seed to ever win a NCAA National Championship
LZR Racer: Like a Knife Through Butter
A thrilling finish to the US men's 800m qualifying finish
Has Beckham done ANYTHING for US Soccer?
Blatter : Ronaldo is a 'modern slave'
Wayne Gretzky's son and Joe Montana's son are competing to start at QB for their HS...
Brett Favre: Newt Gingrich Pleads With The Packers To Keep Brett Favre
A-11:  Spread Option + West Coast + Run &amp; Shoot offenses on steroids.
Fan goes to hospital, 17 ejected after minor league baseball brawl
Black Power Salute at the 1968 Olympics - hated and now getting awards??
Tons of Excellent Olympic Pics
Steve Smith SUSPENDED by Panthers for the first two regular season games for fight with Ken Lucas
No memers please - but is anyone else actually doing the 100 pressups programme? I'm on week 4.
Michael Phelps Wins Gold in 400M Indivdual Medley
Should the Houston Astros Bring in Barry Bonds?
Adam Dunn traded to D-Backs!
Bronze winning Swedish wrestler, Ara Abrahamian, unhappy with the result. One or two clues during the medal ceremony
Facebook | Alicia Sacramone sucks at gymnastics, but I still wanna fuck her
Kerri Walsh and Misty May-Treanor take home another gold (Photos)
BMX cycling makes its Olympic debut!
IOC orders investigation into He Kexin's age
Cuban Olympic taekwondo athlete banned for life for kicking ref 
America refuse to accept defeat in Olympic medal count
Lilly Robbins, 20 year old community college student, is the sexy Dolphins cheerleader in Maxim this month
Guide to NFL Tailgating and Superfans
ESPN: Lance Armstrong to come out of retirement to race in next year's Tour de France
Adrian Peterson Smashes Al Harris and gets his revenge
McNabb, Eagles aren't stirring it up
A Look At The VIP Sideline List For The OSU-USC Game
Kimbo: I want to break his leg
Pass and move
Why David Beckham and the LA Galaxy Can't Save Soccer in the US
How Many Stadiums Are Still Around From the Orginal RBI Baseball Game?
Someone Rips a Fart on Live on Sportscenter!!!
Cowboys Are Pissed About Redskins Celebrating Their Win on the Star at Midfield
NFL PLAYERS, OFFICIALS, AND WAGS AS SOUTH PARK CHARACTERS
Another Wasted Year for the Cubs
The Onion: Breast Cancer Launches WNBA Awareness Month
Golf Trick Shot: Spit The Ball And Hit It [VIDEO]
Any NHL fantasy leaguers around?
Football: 2 touchdowns in 5 seconds to for the comeback and win [VIDEO]
ALEX RODRIGUEZ IS SOMEWHAT WEALTHY 
Oklahoma State stuns No. 3 Missouri 
Gary Payton trying to get NBA team in Seattle
5 of the Worst Calls in Sports History
Why NFL Kickers Want Head Coaches to Ice Them
World Series Suspended
Chad Johnson Was Reportedly Planning to Bust Out Barack Banners for TD Celebration
Top 11 things we have learned so far in the NFL this year 
Titans remain NFL's lone unbeaten despite overtime 
Top 10 Innovative Plays in the NHL
Surfer takes on 41-foot monster wave and lives to tell the tale
Aaron Fotheringham does back flip in wheelchair
People You Will Undoubtedly Meet at the Gym 
16-Year-Old High School Girl Becomes First Female Professional Baseball Player in Japan
Charles Barkley lost to Jean-Robert Bellande, HORSE, Video
ESPN Lands Rights to Most Major College Bowl Games
Ball St. beats Central Michigan, 31-24 - Moves to 11-0
Donovan Mcnabb Benched?
Disabled teen becomes world's first person to do a backflip in a WHEELCHAIR
10 quotes from sports commentators that they wish they could take back 
ESPNsoccernet - England - Ballack warns of danger from wounded Gunners
MMA Fighter Gina Carano Sure Can Party .. Girl on Girl Style
Top 5 NFL Games for Week 13
Is there Crying in Basketball? Ask Glen Davis and Co.
Do NOT vote for the NBA MVPs online. The scumbag nba.com site spams the shit out of you, even if you have unsubscribed. 3rd party spammers also contact you despite 'preferences' being UNchecked
Goal.com's genius headline
The Best Catfights of Women's Sports
Iconic Subaru quits world rally championship
Barack Obama picks 'best cabinet basketball team in history'  - Telegraph
Shoes thrown at Charles Barkley.  This is for Gene Chizik! [video]
Reporter: Do you wish your daughter married a better defensive coordinator? Lions Coach: Yeah..
10 Reasons the Yankees won’t win the World Series
Jets on Favre: There was a lot of resentment in the room about him. He never socialized with us, never went to dinner with anyone. Does Favre have the internal commitment to make a second season?
Shea Stadium / Citi Field Update - 1/5/09 [pics]
Texas rallies past Ohio State 24-21 in Fiesta Bowl
Titanium Drivers Cause Of Golfer Hearing Loss
How Nintendo's Tecmo Super Bowl Can Help 2008 NFL Teams
The World's Top 10 Left-Handed Athletes
FTW or FAIL: Debating the Quality of the #1 NFL Draft Selections From the 90's
Time to hang it up.  (pic)
BARCLAY'S GOING BANKRUPT?? Man City boss looses 440 m pounds in a day
Best Sports Fan Day Ever!
The Most Ridiculous Series of Events in a Soccer Game Ever…That Don’t Involve Someone Getting Bludgeoned
Nadal to face Federer in Australian Open finals
Need more excitement for the Super Bowl, try these bets...
Super Bowl Broadcast Interrupted by Porn (I guess Cuil has a tv station)
High School Cheerleaders help celebrate National Signing Day
Is Rodriguez still Lying? Are we to believe it was only for 3 years?
Brett Favre Retiring ... Again
Video: Florida Panthers announcer's pop culture reference experiment - [Hysterical]
Whom will you include as the top 5 sports icon?
Joe Rogan's open letter to Kellogs regarding Michael Phelps
Boston Celtics Examiner: Like it or not, Marbury makes the Celtics interesting
Matt Cassell Traded To The Chiefs
2 NFL players among Fla. missing boaters
Terrell Owens Released by Cowboys
NCAA Expands March Madness To Include 4,096 Teams
Arsenal players unveil special Citroen C4 created by Gerald Scarfe
Top 10 NBA Blocks
In light of UConn recruiting violations, what should the NCAA do about its rules?
Olympic Champion Shawn Johnson Has A Stalker
Australian Grand Prix 2009 - Most thrilling way to start a season
A ridiculous amount of Villanova Wildcat Photos to celebrate the Final Four Appearance (400 Photos!)
Finally Official: John Calipari Bolts for Kentucky
Linus Omark scores with the best shootout goal I've ever seen - - -_X_ - - - 
It's Friday, Shaq Debos his teammates bike, Video
Canseco hints that Manny is on the juice
Yankee Ticket Assets Relief Program [comic]
Who is the best baseball player ever to come from your state?
Isiah Thompson had a bad day
Why Mark Sanchez will be a Cleveland Brown
NBA Playoff Power Rankings: Who's up? Who's down?
Arshavin scores 4 as Arsenal and Liverpool tie 4-4 in a ridiculous match at Anfield. All 8 goals [VIDS]
Defecating Ronaldinho Figurine [pic]
Why does everybody think Matthew Stafford is good? What has he ever accomplished? He just signed a a six-year, $78 million deal.
Five Day 1 Draft Winners
Glen Big Baby Davis is a flopper. The NBA needs to start fining for this. [video]
Albany NY arena football team offer contract to Michael Vick 
Ron Artest says Brandon Roy is better than Kobe and LeBron
NBA reviewing actions of Kobe, Fisher, Artest and Alston
Greinke gives up 2nd run of the year.  ERA rises to 0.51 in 1-0 loss.
Mark Cuban called Kenyon Martin a “thug”
NBA's Most Improved Awards - Dance Teams, Hookups and more.
Why can’t the Magic finish games?
Around The Bigs: Is This Going To Be Albert Pujols' Biggest  Season Yet?
DeAngelo Hall: Al Davis didn’t know Tom Cable
Lebron gettin his projectory right
Falcons owner says Vick won’t return to team
Has there been a better defensive play in MLB this decade (Gary Mathews Jr.)?
Three MLB teams that will make you rip your hair out
The NBA Ripple Effect: LeBron’s Shot Altered History
Having thrown a pass in seven straight seasons, he sports a NFL career passer rating of 153.1 out of a perfect 158.3.
Giants interested in Marlins’ Dan Uggla - don't do it Sabean!
Meet Two-Year Old Pool Prodigy: Keith “I’m a hustler baby“ O’dell Jr.
Around The Bigs: Injuries &amp; Pitching Woes Continue To Sting Rays
Sex or Tennis (listen to the audio clip)
The Curse of Air Jordan Haunts LeBron James
Penn State Clips: Penn State, Northwestern Big Ten's only clean football programs
 Baltimore’s Angelos named Worst MLB Owner, Oriole great Brady Anderson pissed  
The NBA Finals: Position-by-Position
Don't take me out to the ball game
 Hoops 101: Triangle Offense.  9 NBA titles, possibly 10 by using it.
Pissed off goalie head butts goal post
X-Ray of Urijah Faber's broken right hand after last night's fight
MLB All-25 and Younger Team
Baltimore Sun cartoons for the Baltimore Orioles in 2009
Singletary: ‘I almost made Michael Crabtree cry.’
Lakers are champions again
US Upsets #1 Ranked Spain [Reaches Confederations Cup Final]
The Beckham Experiment - How Beckham Blew It
Top Five Hot Dog Athletes
Video: Hot MMA Girl Fighter Also Chokes Out Men, Hotly
Lance Armstrong just misses Tour lead
Top 10 Chicago Sports Moments of the Last Decade
Judge blocks Williams Wall suspension, but will it hurt Vikings in the end?
Braves trade Francoeur to Mets for Church
Ten Tweets You Would Have Seen from the 2008 Detroit Lions' Sidelines
Conan O'Brien found the LeBron Nike Tape, Video
Harry Potter Look-A-Likes In The Sports World
Broncos’ Marshall says he’ll be in camp
Amare Stoudemire Is Losing His Mind
The best of the best athletes were honored at last night's Espy Awards, here's  a complete list of the winners
David Kahn Is Busy Chasing Down Ricky Rubio, So The Coach Search Must Wait 
Marc Buehrle of the Chicago Whitesox just pitched a perfect game
You’ll Say It, But I Really Was At Buehrle’s Perfect Game
Selig contemplating reinstating Pete Rose
Jose Canseco claims a Hall of Famer used steroids. Let's be petty, take the low road, and speculate on whom it might be.

Camera catches fart at Buick Open.  Tiger laughs.
Jay Cutler's Weekly Schedule
Chicago Bulls Revolution Will Be (Nationally) Televised
Dodgers bean Prince fielder in retaliation for earlier beaning. After the final out, Prince attempts to obtain access to Dodgers locker room, to beat some ass.
THE REAL REASON ESPN HATES SOCIAL MEDIA
Handsome Devil
David Ortiz Deserves The Same Treatment As Those Before Him Got
Magic Johnson was a complete badass. Ten of his sickest clutch plays.
Eric Bruntlett turns an unassisted triple play to end the game.
Matt Cassel injury talk has now overshadowed Tom Brady, since the Matt Cassel injury may be more serious.
Cheers to Teddy Bruschi, a true ambassador of the game.
2009 NCAA Division I-A NCAA Football Scores and Schedules for Week 1 
Wow!  NFL Videos: Ben Watson's tackle.  
Anyone else think Gregg Easterbrook is one of the smarter football commentators out there?
Rafa Nadal defeats injuries, and France's Gael Monfils, to reach the quarterfinals of the U.S. Open.
Allen Iverson: “God Chose Memphis as the place that I will continue my career.” 
Terrelle Pryor's freedom of expression sacked 
A Dying Breed: White Receivers In The NFL
Fantasy Football Week 3 Start 'em, Sit 'em Lineup Advice &amp; Projections
Eagles' signing of Vick about Wildcat all along
Oregon upsets No. 6 California 42-3
Video of Favre's incredible last second touchdown pass
Michael Vick Fails To Inspire Team With 'Great' Dogfighting Story
Authorities arrested a man accused of secretly taping ESPN sports reporter Erin Andrews in the nude and posting the videos on the Internet, the FBI said Friday.
Congressman Calls for Hearing on N.F.L. Head Injuries
Niners finally sign Crabtree
MLB Playoffs on TBS... It Got Weird, Didnt It?
Stephen A Smith: Players who say they won't play for Rush Limbaugh are lying through their teeth
Interesting Non-Mainstream Statistic Shows Which Cubs and Sox Were Really Best And Worst
Jay Cutler's Bye Week In Soundbites
Why isn't Rush happy?: Limbaugh inadvertently illustrates democracy in action
The 1975 Pittsburgh Steelers and Minnesota Vikings 
in the best tug of war game ever
Ochocinco to form social news network, OCNN
Favre, Brady and P. Manning. Roethlisberger,  E. Manning and Romo.  Rodgers, Flacco and Ryan.  Not to even mention Warner, McNabb and Rivers. We are arguably witnessing the greatest quarterbacking era in NFL history.
Blake Griffin could miss six weeks with a broken kneecap
Jens Lehmann Pwned By Ballboy
My television is not wide enough to contain this umpire's entire strike zone.
A Video from the Epic Fail Department. 
Kevin Garnett Is Back (And Still Douchey)
Do officials want the best teams to win?
Angry Reggie Jackson tells fan, I'm not Jesse, you fool!
Bulls Go Into LeBron's House, Wipe Feet on Rug
95-Year-Old Yankees Fan Afraid He'll Never Get To See Team Win 27 More World Series
The worst unsportsmanlike conduct I've ever seen.  Crazy.
Yzerman set to add Hall of Fame to list of feats - NHL - Yahoo! Sports
Cincinnati Bengals coach Marvin Lewis says Chad Ochocinco can't send mustard to Pittsburgh Steelers - ESPN
Thursday Night Brutal: Cutler, Coaches, Announcers
Death of New Orleans Saints QB Drew Brees' mother ruled suicide - ESPN
Eagles Pants Bears; Devin Hester in Public - Video
Someone edited Kris Brown's wikipedia page shortly after the Titans won...
Source: Notre Dame Fighting Irish QB Jimmy Clausen punched by irate fan - ESPN
Roethlisberger won't play Sunday 
Dunk of the Year Candidate: Paul Pierce On Chris Bosh
Florida Gators starting defensive end Carlos Dunlap was arrested and charged with driving under the influence
Tiger Woods Voicemail: This Just Sucks (AUDIO)
And the Browns fans quietly snicker... [VID]
Kimbo Slice Wins His UFC Debut By Unanimous Decision | FanSided
Michael Jordan's Greatest Moments Recreated in NBA 2K10 (VIDEO)
Eagles vs Giants was billed as a battle of NFC East defensive powerhouses. Final score, 45-38 Eagles and 886 yds total offense.
Bengals receiver Chris Henry dies after falling out of truck
Former NFL star Dave Pear is sorry he ever played football
NFL: New Orleans Saints are the soul of America's City - ESPN
Puppet Lebron, Kobe, and Santa rap battle against the Reindeers
Manny Pacquiao to sue Floyd Mayweather Jr. for defamation
Mark Wahlberg: There’s no way Americans are going to buy the idea of 90 minutes of running around without much happening.
BCS Streaker Is Bat-Sh!t Crazy, Reason For Streak Was To Get His BCS Playoff System Some P.R.
If you love the Packers, this photo will make you sad. If you hate the Packers, this photo will make you chuckle.
ESPN ranks 60 sports by degree-of-difficulty.
I'd hate to be Brett Favre right now!  And of course everyone is going to blame Favre, not the six fumbles, poor pass protection, or lacking officiating. 
Vote here for the winner of the Superbowl
Who Dat selling shirts in Nola? If you are a Saints fan, the NFL would like a word with you.
This shot is a million times better than the blindfolded teacher shot
Togo banned from next two Africa Cups for the crime of being shot at
Winter Olympics 2010 Hotties - Photo Gallery
Time for the first mailbag of the decade - Bill Simmons
Tecmo Super Bowl version of the Manning / Porter interception  [Vid]
What South Koreans think of America's star skater: Ohno didn't deserve to stand on the same medal podium 
Seattle blogger pissed at NBC's three hour delay on Olympic coverage from a city only two hours away
Shaun White wins gold, and makes everyone else his bitches.
Tendulkar scores first One Day International double century
The 25-year-old Cromartie has fathered seven children by six women in five states.
LT agrees to a two year deal with the Jets.
NHL suspends Alex Ovechkin two games
The day after St. Patty's Day... Notre Dame becomes the FIRST team eliminated from the NCAA Mens Basketball March Madness!
Carmelo Anthony Called For Traveling Back In Time
Lebron suspended 50 games for steroid use
Tiger Woods: I've done some pretty bad things
Foul them! An essay about what it's like to ref kids 
basketball
Duke advances to the Final Four
LSU's Tiger Stadium to Feature Purple Field Turf in 2010!
New Tiger Woods Nike ad.  Features the voice of his late father. 
Jets fans need to stop going to the draft
Classy Guy, That Jerry Jones....
Record-low turnout (9,129 fans at home opener) shows just how far Orioles have fallen
Derrick Rose reverse windmill vs. Celtics. Sick Nasty!
Lakers Great Karl Malone inducted into Hall of Fame - The Onion
Quit trying to seduce us, Paul Pierce.
Gutless Sabres take Game 1 from the Bruins
NFL draft demolishes NBA playoffs in TV ratings: Three times as many people prefer watching NFL prospects walk to a podium last night over seeing LeBron James in action.


NFL Draft In Chaos As Mel Kiper's Big Board Is Knocked Over
You think Ovechkin's a DB?  Allow me to introduce you to LeBron James.
Last NFL player featured in Tecmo Super Bowl retires
Cavs crush the Celtics in their worst home playoff loss ever
Dallas Braden of the Oakland Athletics just threw the 19th Perfect Game in MLB History in front of his grandmother and hometown friends.  Amazing!
On the Orlando Magic: This isn't run-of-the-mill good, people. This is blow-your-doors-off, hide-the-women-and-children level domination.
NYC strip club offering LeBron free lap dances to join the Knicks.
Holy cow! Tim Tebow shows his power stroke in batting practice - Big League Stew - MLB - Yahoo! Sports
Blackhawks won in OT 3-2 with a goal by Buff. They're up 3-0 in the series.
Break out the Brooms, Celtics up 3-0
I'm not a regular soccer fan, who should I support in the World Cup?
USA World Cup Roster Released
Kendry Morales hits a walkoff grand slam!... then injures himself at the plate.  End of end-game celebrations?
Roy Halladay throws the 20th perfect game in MLB history
Fire all MLB Umpires. Jim Joyce denied Armando Galarraga a completely legit perfect game at the 27th out. 
Armando Galarraga robbed of perfect game.
Seriously. 17 out of the 25 first-page threads are about the blown perfect game. Stop it.
How Galarraga Handled a Blown Perfect Game with Total Class
Lakers take game 1 in 102-89 win over Boston
Boise State joins Mountain West Conference
Know what's more annoying than vuvuzelas?
Kobe's press conference after game 6
Diego Maradona: I'm not gay. I can prove it...I have a blond girlfriend called Veronica
That referee just cost the U.S. millions of future football fans. 
Ron Artest's new single: Champions
6 Elaborate Forms of Suicide Passed Off as Extreme Sports 
Should pampered England players try working for a living?
Neither side will be keen on facing Argentina, what’s more vital is that they both progress to the second round. It’s a match that seems to scream Latin flair, but in reality will be a rigid challenge that threatens to end in the draw that both nations need.
United States World Cup coach Bob Bradley has harsh words for players who writhe on the ground with make-believe injuries. 'Man-up, you Nancy floppers'
WATCH: The Best Fan Reaction Video You Will Ever See
Fun Soccer Facts: The largest attendance, The most goals scored by one player, the fastest ever scored, the entire ... team spent the night in jail for kicking their opponents
Baseball comic
Germany is a World Cup powerhouse. You think they're gonna win it all?
ESPN manufactures hype for LeBron special
Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition as Spain beats Germany 1-0.
I'm downvoting every LeBron James post I see...
the #1 reason women need to have a pro football league
Yankees Owner George Steinbrenner in Critical Condition After Suffering a Massive Heart Attack
Ohio woman says $10,000 LeBron James pendant stolen...by the CEO for James' marketing company
Seven U.S. sprinters have won back the Olympic relay medals that were stripped from them because teammate Marion Jones was doping at the time
Worst Touchdown Celebration Ever.
Conceited Prick Thinks Other Conceited Prick Not Conceited Enough
Jordan to Riley: I want to kill you when Riley tried to sign him as a free agent in 1997.  
Finally a Top 10 List where #1 is actually the best (10 Sick Basketball Dunks) [w/ VIDS]
Love him or hate him, A-Rod hits 600th home run
Former UFC, top 5 155lbs fighter Roger Huerta - knocks out black guy who beats up a woman in public. - RETRIBUTION- professional fighter style. 
The Franchise Tag, Why it exists: Do you think it is going to last past the next collective bargaining agreement?
Oh, god dammit, what Pokemon nerd vandalized our basketball court?
Top 10 Hottest Cheerleading Teams in History 
Reddit, this is my favorite female sports reporter. Who is yours?
Aaron Rodgers from 60 yards... and.... it's... GOOD!
'Significant tear' will put Stephen Strasburg under the knife for Tommy John surgery
Manny Forgets The English Language After Joining The White Sox
Swing and a miss.
Dear /r/sports, please take a look to your right.
Doc Ellis' no-hitter on acid.
USA wins FIBA World Championship
Central Catholic's Hayward Demison Scores The Game Winning Touchdown... Then drops to the ground after having a heart attack
Pro Football + Internet Culture: The NFL and the Summer's Hottest Memes, Together at Last
WHAT A GOAL . . . Thomas Muller v ROMA... Champions league
With 2,861 points between them, Brent and Wayne hold the NHL record for most points scored by a pair of brothers — 2,857 by Wayne, four by Brent.
Way to fuck up my fantasy score, Brees
I always wonder if someone like this guy will show off this SI cover to his kids.
Just imagine, for a moment, that the Superbowl was declared a TIE. This is currently Australia's dilemma.
It's ON in the NL - Braves lose, Pads win.  That's why we play all 162 games
I really don't see what's wrong with the Heat, That's what baffles me a little bit ... They haven't done anything wrong outside of the basketball court. Three guys teamed up. Boston did it a couple of years back, too. They just did it a different way.  - Kevin Durant
It's a good day in Tampa Bay.
This Is A Gal Who's Angry About Football Commentators
Junior Seau, former Pats LB, drives his car off a cliff after being arrested for domestic violence...possible Seaucide attempt? 
The NFL will announce by Wednesday that, effective this weekend, even first-time offenders face suspension for devastating hits and head shots.
 NBA to Explore Contraction?
LeBron James vs. Cleveland drinking game (rules inside)
Giants Win!
Kevin Love Awkward Handshake Documentary
Charles Barkley to analyze NCAA basketball. This is just what the world needs. More Barkley. 
Insane rant about the Redskins by a DC-area sports radio host. This is incredible.
Miracle ending to high school football game
Confirmed! Felix Hernandez wins AL Cy Young Award
Lil' baby Vince Young should go sit in the stands where he threw his gear.  No place in a man's game.
Hey! What happend to all those people who were beaking off in September about how Brett Favre didn't need training camp?
Worst NBA tattoo yet?
Does anyone else hate Fisher?
An Auburn fan real excited for the SEC Championship game
It's too bad the University of Nebraska decided they couldn't compete in the Big 12. I think tonight they showed that they CAN compete, but I guess the regents don't have much faith in their program. Good luck recruiting in Michigan and Ohio!
Michael Wilbon's first column for ESPN.com
Metrodome roof collapses from heavy snow
Nike reveals Oregon's National Championship uniform. Includes fluorescent lime-green socks.
Doesn't matter how much bad you do, if you play good they will forgive you
Blake Griffin's Big Alley-Oop Slam
Just a thought, why isn't there an option to wager karma points for you know, betting sport outcome?
Chicago Tribune publishes Rex Ryan story in shape of a foot
John Elway hired as Denver Broncos VP
4x100 Free Relay Final Beijing Olympics
Little Sisters of the Poor crack back.  TCU Rose Bowl billboards pop up in Columbus.
IAE Getting shivers down their spine watching this damn Saints/Seahawks game?
Hey wait a minute... didn't that guy used to kill dogs?
Could the 7-9 Seahawks be superbowl bound?
The FIFA 2010 Goal of the Year
Ron Rivera to be new Panthers coach
Wasn't this guy going to be fired a month and a half ago?
Lebron James is jealous of Kobe Bryant...because of Lil Wayne
Will Hill asks...
Current Top 10 most famous athletes in the world?
Why is football (NFL) considered so boring and slow worldwide? Is it anti-americanism?
I just want to say preemptively, that I am going to punch anyone I see in the face, who says Black and Yellow, Black and yellow, Black and Yellow 
Your TapouT Shirt Can't Stop a Power Right
Lions QB Shaun Hill loses father in tragic accident
This little girl hates the Packers. Disappoints father again
Hines Ward wearing a Troy Polamalu wig [pic]
10 Ginormous High School Stadiums That Were Bought With Tax Dollars
i cant wait for teh superball to start today i hope the cowboys win!
Steelers wanted pass interference on last play of the Superbowl.  Cry me a river, build a bridge, and get over it.
#12 is 3 * #4
Jeff Samardzija... yeah
2011 Daytona 500: Daytona plans silent third lap tribute for Dale Earnhardt
This is a    m a s s i v e     fucking kick! Also won the game!
Amazing how biased sports news media are able to do this, and later apologize blaming on human error when editing on Photoshop
Scumbag Calipari
5 year-old interviews NHL team. (from r/videos)
This might be the funniest picture of the NBA season.
Just a normal night at a Knicks Game
Chris Bosh: Professional Bitch
Remember when all those experts wrote the Miami Heat would dominate? Let's re-read all their predictions and laugh ...
JaMarcus Russell: Biggest Bust in NFL History Could Lose His Mansion | Bleacher Report
The entire UNC vs Duke game from March 05 2011...in time-lapse
Apparently, the NCAA tourney committee rewards losses. The Big XII conference goes undefeated against the Big 10 this year, 6-0, and gets just five teams in the tournament. The Big 10 gets seven. I call bullshit, but then, what's new?
This brilliant Joe Posnanski article does two things: 1) it makes a great point about sports stats; 2) it almost perfectly describes my childhood.
That was one of the most exciting finishes I've ever seen in a NCAA game.
In the last two years, the Big East has sent 19 teams to the NCAA Tournament and only 4 of those teams have made it to the Sweet Sixteen.
IAmA happy UNC student AMA
As a UK fan, I can't get over how awesome this was.
I was really hoping that the Kansas vs. VCU game was not going to be a blow out...
Michael Jordan vs Kobe Bryant
Chris Rock on Letterman: The Mets have no money. This year, second base is a manhole cover!
I appreciate being exposed to things I'm not all that familiar with, but why is ESPN trying to shove cricket down our throats?  It's the top story on ESPN.com right now...
Really ESPN? You're going to start this shit already?
Haters Gonna Hate UConn
I made this last year after he gained a 1,000 yards
8,731 Browns Fans Mistakenly Attend Indians Game 
The reason I have yet to move from my TV. Thanks Masters...
French firefighters training for what must be a new zero-tolerance policy on fire.
A memory of Adam Copeland, aka Edge, one of the greatest professional wrestlers of all time, forced by injuries to retire this week 
Kobe Had Never to call someone Fag after these....? 
2:03. That is all.
TIL that Andrew Bynum (7ft LA Lakers center) is extremely intelligent. He was in chess club, loves physics, and can describe processor cores in great detail. His original plan was to become a computer programmer!
Look who I ran into at church today.
NBA's Best I didn't foul faces
What hurt ankle?
If you enjoy baseball, but don't want to/can't devote the time needed to watch complete games, try the condensed games on MLB.com.
If you are a season ticket holder at Yankee stadium, then your personal information has been shared with the masses.
Why are ties accepted in sports in Europe?
I wish more athletes did this.
/r/Sports' bias revealed. 
Charlie Sheen has created a charity site to help Alabama tornado victims; donate $100 and get a signed baseball!
Awesome one handed catch while holding his daughter
Why do people think Ultimate Frisbee is soft? This is truly hardcore people.
Manny Pac Man Pacquiao defends his title and defeats Sugar Shane Mosely in 12 rounds. 
Most dominant athletes of all time?
Mariners Release Milton Bradley, giving him more time to throw furniture at his family.  
That Thunder Grizzlies Triple OT Rage
Is Mayweather just scared to fight Pacquiao?
This reporter can't believe his own shot
TIL this sport is huge in France. (wtf?)
i think you all will appreciate this much more... i guess i'll just watch it at home.
Whole stadium at Fenway joins in to help autistic man sing national anthem.
I laughed at the LeBron one...
Lebron wants you to know that if the Heat lose tonight, it's not his fault
Bulls' Luol Deng hits AMAZING Half Court Buzzer Beater
Another example of why Rick Reilly sucks at sports journalism, He gets paid for this shit? honestly!?
This has never happened before in the major three US professional team sports history.
I know this is from a few days ago but I still can't believe the refs missed Lebron's blatant double-dribble
Madden 12 is going to suck this year. 
Is anybody else getting a little tired of these stories?
So soccer will be boring for the next few years or so
Ohio State players aren't the only ones with $1k+ of ink on their bodies.
Incredibly Dangerous Sports 
Julia Dale, 10-Year-OId, Sings National Anthem At NBA Finals. AMAZING!
The Onion: Gruesome Home Plate Collision 
Reawakens Nation’s Love Affair With Baseball
I don't mean to sound like an asshole, but why do i see college softball everytime i turn on ESPN?
Despite egregious officiating. 
Man hits two hole-in-ones in a single round. 
LeBron James playing as big as ever

Mavericks Head Coach And Jason Whitlock Have Hilarious Press Conference Encounter
Grantland.com launched a little early, and it's awesome.
Bill Simmons welcomes his readers to the debut of Grantland - Grantland
Bill Simmons on LeBron's meltdown - Grantland
I've actually GAINED some respect for LeBron...
Dwayne Wade and Lebron James mocking Dirk Nowitski's fever
How Jim Bowden from ESPN would realign MLB teams... WTF?
For LeBron James, from America and the rest of the free world...
This guy promised me a dollar and only gave me 3 quarters. 
Governer of Ohio makes Mavericks and Maverick fans honorary Ohioans 
Robert Horry's 17 year old daughter passed away
NFL labor negotiations 80%-85% complete! GET ERRR DONNNEEEE!!!!!!
Lebron's new decision: the WNBA
That time of the year ...
Rookie golfer tries, unsuccessfully, to become friends with Tiger Woods over Twitter.
Rory McIlroy breaks 111 year old record at the U.S. Open shooting eleven under par after two rounds...
What tennis players do when it rains in Wimbledon
Lidstrom to return for 20th season
So...how does everyone feel about Mike Vick and his new NIKE deal? Can we move on ?? I feel he has paid his price, but more details are coming out about his personal involvement in killing dogs...
Anyway to get ESPN Insider Free?
Who forgot to tell the women in the World Cup about flopping?
Deron Williams to play in Turkey if lockout continues (xpost from r/nba)
Would anyone be interested in a reddit baseball jersey? (x-post with r/reddit)
Well done USA women...but do we need really need 13 posts on it?
Honest Thoughts on MLS Quality of Play
Very Lenient Umpire Tells Base Runner Next Time He Gets Tagged He’s Out
Doppelganger: USA soccer's Hope Solo vs. Dexter Morgan's sister
BREAKING: USA Women, relatively outplayed for much of the match, turn it around to beat France 3-1!
Why do some people think that we wouldn't dominate soccer like we dominate all other sports if soccer was not so unpopular here?
Who would you put in the top 5 most famous athletes (active) in the world right now?
Upvote if you appreciate Robert Kraft as a man, and partial savior to the NFL
Watching an NFL training camp practice - worth it?
Eagles confident aggressive strategy will satisfy Super hunger

Best QB hit I've seen in awhile
Greg Jennings put his team on his back again, tho. 
USA is currently ranked 30th. Too low or too high? Should we be ranked better than Ivory Coast and Slovenia (population 2 million)?
The University of Houston deserves to be in the Big 12
Sporting KC goalie injured by thrown bobblehead...WTF?
Is there a US equivalent to Real Madrid-Barcelona? -according to the Sports Guy
Francoeur doing it big in right field. Sports Science video.
Cleveland Indians make bid to acquire Jim Thome off waivers
Ryan Braun trips and falls while rounding third base, costing himself an inside-the-park home run. (x-post from /r/baseball)
Hottest Spanish Basketball fan Ever
Tom Brady looks more and more like the bad guy from kindergarten cop
So does Novak Djokovic look like Screech or what?
I still think this is the same person.
Bud Selig is an asshole. 
And the countdown to TSA Agents at NFL games begins...NOW!
Syracuse, Pittsburgh apply to join ACC Conference, according to reports
I actually didn't know this about Reggie Bush, but somehow it doesn't surprise me.
DAE think that Victor Ortiz got what he deserved?
Fenerbahce pack stadium with 41,000 fans... and they're all women
I'm from Boston, and I'm not sorry for shoving this in your face. Masshole 'til I die.
Johnny Knox robbed
Douchebag Red Sox Pitcher John Lackey Divorcing Wife With Cancer
Embracing Realignment/Relegation in College Sports
A Running Diary of Game 162
Covering the Faces: The emotions of the greatest night in baseball history
The Brooklyn Nets should market their team to hipsters--ESPN
Hey Brett Favre. Shut the hell up.
After four games in the 2011 NFL season the top 5 teams in “Defensive Interception Rate” are; Buffalo Bills 5.3% (3-1), New York Jets 5.0% (2-2), Green Bay Packers 4.9% (4-0), Detroit Lions 4.6% (4-0), Atlanta Falcons 4.3% (2-2)
Highest Paid NBA Players 2011
What is this I dont even....seriously though, what is this game??
Chad Ochocinco is giving is 3,000,000th Twitter follower $20k
5 Reason for NBA Refugees to Switch to the NHL
The NFL should add a stat for Shitty punts forced because punters are too scared to kick to you.
In light of all the Joe Buck hate parade, let us revisit this moment.
Every. Damn. Time.
It might actually be the .0001%
Anyone else watching the World Series thinking this right now?
When watching Cowboy games, I always think of this Arrested Development based analogy:
Does Philip Rivers work for Buffalo Wild Wings?
Fans earn college basketball’s most beloved technical foul
10 Most Bizarre Sex Scandals in Sports
UFO At NFL Game: TV Camera Captures Strange Object In Flight During Broadcast
The Footage the NFL Won't Show You
Joe Frazier, former heavyweight champion, dead at 67 - ESPN
Madden 12's Midseason Player Ratings Updates

Joe Paterno's Coaching Career Is Over - Penn State Board of Trustees has voted to remove Joe Paterno immediately. 
Paterno out as PSU coach
The Penn State Story - It Really Is All About Football
From r/askreddit, I present, the forever alone football.
what the Boise State kicker is thinking
Mike Krzyzewski becomes Division I's all-time winningest coach 
urge to kill rising...RISING [NBA lockout]
BCS Proposes Radical Changes: Sever ties with Sugar, Orange, Fiesta, and Rose Bowls to focus only on the National Championship game
Did Lee Corso just say fuck it on Gameday??
Considering the current US economy, does anyone really want to see the greedy bastards shoot hoops this year. I wanted them out of work just on principle.
WaTcH FrEe Rackelton Finals - U21   Streaming Others HD TV Link on PC
Michigan's punter sees life flash before his eyes after gaffe
Seventy-Three year old Football greats fight on stage over disputed Hit during 1963 Grey Cup Game
ESPN sat on recorded evidence of Bernie Fine for 8 years. WTF ESPN?
Magic Johnson says he's bidding for Dodgers
Who are these people naming kids these names???
Here's my view from the Big 10 Championship game
Wake boarding in a parking lot. 
What I the greatest game, in any sport, you have ever seen? 
LSU cheerleader wears helmet cam to provide her perspective of life flying above the football field (VIDEO)
The Zenmaster saw this coming a year ago.
Marshawn Lynch's Contract
The hometown bias strikes again on ESPN.com
Kobe's wife files for divorce.
Does anyone else think its cool that NFL teams break the huddle by saying ready and clapping?
I knew I recognized that play from the Bengals game last week. 
Soon, ESPN Will Be Nothing But 24 Hours Of People Disagreeing With Skip Bayless
Oregon's Nike Uniforms For 2012 Rose Bowl Are From Outer Space
Dear athletes,

You can't all be Superman.
For those who didn't see Lesnar vs Overeem match.
/r/sports Logo Update: Soccer Now Available
Inside the Eyes of a Professional Hockey Player
random guy at the superdome...you are doing it right (x-post from r/funny)
Case Keenum is going to put two in your pink and one in your stink
NBA has already begun All-star voting, after less than 7 games
Is this one of the guys who assaulted Rangers fans at Geno's Steaks? 
New photos of Philly thug who beat up Rangers fan...
Saints vs Lions
what? who would want to eat this?
Scumbag Saints Fan
How I feel as a Giants fan today
What I feel like doing when espn talks about Tim Tebow
Will Jerry Sandusky be CNN’s Correspondent for the Super Bowl?
still love tigers.
Just my little prediction for Sunday...
Which states picked the most bowls correctly?
From Jimmie Fallon: What happens when you combine Tebow and Bowie 
I think you'd guys like this after the Saints vs 49er's game.
Teblows again!
DAE thing that the sport of football is now on the decline? (Not by popularity, but the actual game)
Now that the blackout is over, Let's Talk Football!!!
Even Clay Matthews blames the loss on Megan and sparkles
It shows just how much soccer has grown now that a English Premier League game is on national TV on a NFL Playoff weekend. 
I Don't See A Foul Here
It's Manning vs. Brady, according to Drudge...
Mario Balotelli Is Crazy...like a fox. 
Gordie Howe...Mr Hockey Visits A High School Team
TIL Tom Brady was actually drafted by the Montreal Expos as a catcher in 1995.
33.33 repeating of course
He's Brady and He Knows It
Super Bowl Statistics ...how much beer do you think is sold?
Can we get rid of this blogspammer?  Not only does he spam only links from his blog, but he is an atrocious writer.
Peyton given medical clearance to resume NFL career
Feds shut down 16 illegal sports-streaming websites, days before the Super Bowl
Pwned!
Breakfast of Champions. Am I doing it right?
LIN-SZTOMANIA
Jeremy Lin's High Expectation Father
Sports Shoe News: I'm getting the Air Force 1 Black History Month shoes on Sat...super limited
Jeremy Lin is living on the front page of the world this week. I love this story.
For 10 years, ESPN had a specific option on their comments box to complain about female commentators
Nasty shorthanded goal in HS hockey game
What's the best part of the Knicks emergence???
Asian Harvard Grad Somehow Succeeding In New York; Or, Why I Love Jeremy Lin
Linception: ESPN Reporter Doing Linsanity Story In Chinatown Runs Into ESPN Reporter Doing Linsanity Story In Chinatown, Interviews Her
I was tired of the Tebow-mania a day in, but the Lin-sanity is actually fun to watch. 
Every Jeremy Lin pun made by the New York Post and New York Daily News in the past two weeks.
J.R. Smith to the Knicks
Spurs Win 11th in a row
LeBron threatened to beat up a heckler. You gotta problem with that, tough guy?
Do you believe in miracles!? - Anniversary of greatest American sports more. Ever.
The Making Of Homer At The Bat, The Episode That Conquered Prime Time 20 Years Ago
Happy Mardi Gras LSU
Jeremy Rin pre-Knicks
Former NBA player recounts struggle with drug addiction
Sports stars you've met. 
One does not simply, release Peyton Manning
r/Soccer discusses the upcoming MLS season that starts this weekend
Football head injury results in $4.4 million settlement. Could we be looking at the beginning of the end for High School football? 
Oregon Girls High school basketball championship ends in a 16-7 shoot-out...seriously
Entire Arena Football team cut during pregame
Southern Miss band makes racially charged taunt to Kansas State player
Reddit:  I am Curious How You Feel About People Being Arrested for Making Racist Statements on Muamba's Twitter feed.
How to make the varsity basketball team. [comic]
My friends and I play kickball ever year for st patty's day...we call it...get ready...McKickball...this is last years team photos
It'll take a while to get used to seeing this.
The Saints official punishment.  Sean Payton 1 yr suspension headlines the list
Chicago Bears running back Marion Barber Retries at age 28
Women don't have to wear bikinis anymore for London 2012 beach volleyball
Why all the pressure for Augusta to admit women?
April Fool's joke, or mere prophecy?  Google announces Google Racing, autonomous NASCAR race car
New Mexico crews working to recover body of ultra-marathoner Micah True
| Reuters
Does Anyone else feel bad for Ryan Leaf
Total Lurker
About once a week, this happens and I watch the whole video before I realize it has nothing to do with what I wanted to read about.
Andrew Bynum grabs 30 rebounds as Lakers beat Spurs
No balls
Someone didn't measure twice
Alabama's $30K crystal BCS trophy shattered after a player's father tripped on a rug and knocked over its display table.
My response to the hype about the NFL schedule coming out tonight
Apparently Mel Gibson is the new Pirates mascot
My best friend
Didn't realize rightfield seats were so dangerous
Stuff Miami Heat Fans Say
I don't know about you, but when I'm considering buying my mom a gift, I don't want Mel Kiper smiling at me
The Celtics are better than the Lakers, bottom line.
I took this picture at Indians opening day. I think it captures the spirit of Opening Day well
Seattle Sounder (MLS) - Fredy Montero 35 yard strike.
Steve Kerr claims the NBA would be better if players were forced to spend two years in college. Actual research concludes Steve Kerr needs to go back to school himself
Who really voted to ban gay marriage in North Carolina
Catholic high school forfeit title game because opposing team has girl playing second base
Should a team tell the ref to give the other team the ball?
78-footer caught off Spain last year has been confirmed as the largest wave ever ridden by a surfer [vid]
The Best Part About James Loney's Incredible Play
Video of Kerry Wood's 20 strikeout game - in case you've forgotten how incredibly filthy his stuff was.
Brandon Bass went off
LEAKED: A scene from the upcoming Dumb &amp; Dumber movie will take place at a Heat v. Pacers game
N.B.A. Playoffs — Rajon Rondo Provides Vision of Celtics’ Future - NYTimes.com
I'm one of those few people that realize the NCAA baseball tournament is starting tomorrow. Go Noles!
Johan Santana throws first no-hitter in New York Mets history. 
That awkward moment when your GameCast updates faster than your headline...
Kevin Garnett goes in on the haters.
After spending four hours in makeup, 2012 NBA Rookie of the Year Kyrie Irving heads to the courts of New Jersey to devour some young bloods in a pick-up game. 
Manny Pacquiao's promoter: Something like this is so outlandish, it's a death knell for the sport. This is fucking nuts. ... You have these old fucks who don't know what the hell they're looking at. It's incompetence. Nobody who knows anything about boxing could have Bradley ahead in the fight.
Not even ESPN cares about the Pirates...
LA Kings win the Stanley Cup Finals.
Ochocinco's dicktowel
David Stern Asked Jim Rome “Have You Stopped Beating Your Wife Yet?” As Today’s Interview Turned Ugly
Erik Spoelstra this playoff season
Matt Cain makes history by pitching a perfect game.
Matt Cain hurls the 22nd perfect game ever and the first in Giants history.
really Lance? what is it?
This was above the urinal before me and my dad teed off this morning
Dale Earnhardt Jr. wins Quicken Loans 400 (Michigan) - first win in four years and 143 races
Maniac in Union Jack hat invades Webb Simpson's U.S. Open trophy ceremony, begins squawking on-camera, is hauled off by police (video)
Bill Murray, the best boss in baseball (4:15)
Hobbled Lebron sinks big time 3 pointer in game 4.
Jamarcus Russel Highlight Reel
Now that Lebron has a ring...
Skip Bayless makes mistake of having Mark Cuban on his show, gets his ass handed to him (video)
Did you know: Wayne Rooney finds out what kit his opponents will wear in advance so he can picture himself scoring.
Reddit, this needs a caption!
Leaked Penn State Emails Suggest Joe Paterno Protected Jerry Sandusky
Mahiedine Mekhissi-Benabbad pushes 14 years old girl mascot who congratulates him after he wins 3000m European Championship
Nitro Circus 3D TRAILER nuff said
Dat Derpy Face - Olympic Swimmer Action Shot
It happened 9 years ago today.  A day that shook Major League Baseball to its core.  Let us never forget: SausageGate
Sex and the Olympics: Why 100,000 condoms are not enough
Umps should toss less people and do more of this.
Detroit City FC and soccer culture in the Motor City
WTF is it with basketball
I'm a USC grad... and I may show a little bias, but does anyone else think the NCAA should actually use a true death penalty against Penn State's athletic program after the report that surfaced today? 
Writer talks about flaws in Freeh Report, makes half decent argument against it's legitimacy
Hope Solo admits to being drunk on the 'Today' show in 2008
Cam Newton is 15 ft tall and Weighs 2 Million pounds
Steve Nash gets a warm welcome in LA
I don't really understand great golf shots, but this shot from the bunker is pretty amazing. [vid]
Dumervil inches Broncos closer to NFL lead for arrests since 2000
Penn State Solution- Make the School Pay to Help Victims; don't Just Have a Symbolic Punishment
Penn State football got what they deserved...these sanctions are just as bad as the death penalty
If you're this guy, fuck you
Fuck. I don't even know why I'm a Mariners fan. I would be better off walking down the street paying random people to punch me in the face than suffer through this shit.
ESPN's First Take has both Skip Bayless and Stephen A. Smith? Who the fuck watches this? 
20 years ago. Barcelona 1992 Olympic Flame Lighting.
The Hero Seattle Needs
My olympic experience so far
Bank moving to foreclose on David Duval, formerly the top-ranked golfer in the world who has $18.8 million in career earnings
The controversy of the Womens semifinal fencing match in the olympics. Deserves to be on here since issue of timekeeping applies to many disputes.
Team USA Gymnastics wins 1st gold medal since 1996!
UW star running back (and Heisman candidate) Montee Ball sent to Madison hospital after being attacked by 5 men.
How can a nation that accounts for only 5% of the world's population dominate the Olympics so resoundingly? 
If I Were A Head Football Coach, I Would (Almost) Always Go For It On 4th Down.  Tell Me Why I’m Wrong.
Fake, Jingoistic, And Stupid: Gymnastics Coverage Is The Worst Part Of NBC's Olympics
The most incredible moment in gymnastics history
ESPN announces Fall 30 for 30 documentaries
Andy Murray wins Britain's 16th gold medal
Coach of Canadian women's soccer team says U.S.uses highly illegal tactics at the Olympics.
Bolt sets the new WR!
Olympics interactive: How would the champs of bygone Olympics fare against todays best sprinters, jumpers, throwers, and swimmers?
Holley Mangold's Snatch... seriously NBC!?!?
How I feel, as a Suns fan who wants to see Steve 
Nash do well, after hearing today's news.
With USA's complete dominance of women's soccer, does anybody in their right mind doubt that we would dominate men's soccer if we sent out best athletes?
I find Olympics Medals Tables dumb. I tried a different way of doing it: Medal results normalized by sport.
Felix Hernandez's Perfect Box Score
Michael Phelps in hot water...
VIKINGS!!!!!!!!
This is getting out of hand, ESPN.
LA pro tennis umpire charged with husband's Murder
What is the USADA case against Armstrong?
This is the stupidest thing I've seen on SportsCenter [fixed]
This is how I feel watching the final round of the Barclay's
Mike Mularkey comes up with a novel incentive plan to cut down on touchdown celebrations and help a good cause
Did you know the Melbourne Ice are attempting to win their third championship in a row in the Australian Ice Hockey League?  Me neither, and I live in Melbourne!
The Difference Between USA and Europe
Art Modell, former owner of NFL's Ravens and Browns, dies at 87
That's Going to be One Hell of a Game
USTA told Taylor Townsend they will not be paying any of her travel expenses for her to go to tournaments. Townsend showed up for the US Open on her own dime on Thursday and won two rounds.
Berfaler berls
LeBron James in the 4th Quarter...
Say what you want about soccer, there is no denying that you'd love to experience this type of atmosphere
Big Trouble for Big 10
silva re-signs 5 year deal to Man City... 
These poll results look like a color-flipped electoral map.  It's amazing where politics correlates with sports
Me and a friend are arguing over who the Top 10 Most Famous Athletes in the World. How is our list?
What if...
This is how i feel as a Saints fan after their 0-3 start.
I want to be Ed Hochuli - YouTube
On soccer: Why can't the rest of the world admit that soccer has a MASSIVE and obvious flopping problem?
This is the most ridiculous grand slam you will ever see.
The depth of ESPN.com's analysis is astounding.
Ovechkin voted Worst Local Athlete this summer in a reader poll conducted by the Washingtonian.  The same poll last year deemed Ovechkin the city's Local Hero.
Miguel Cabrera makes a run at the triple crown and history tonight.
What do the Cowboys, Ron Burgundy, Stewie from Family Guy, Psy and the Canadian flag have in common? 
What its like to walk out the tunnel at Wembley Stadium
I can't be the only one who thinks the UConn Head FB Coach (Paul Pasqualoni) looks like Jerry Sandusky
5 Questions: Doping report on cyclist Lance Armstrong
Alex Rodriguez benched by New York Yankees for deciding ALDS Game 5 vs. Baltimore Orioles
This is one of many reasons why the Seahawks have the best D in the league.
Big hit in high school football game (I'm the one getting hit)
Dempsey!!!!
Empty seats? Team choking? This time it’s NOT Atlanta (xpost r/Atlanta)
We dominate the Olympics almost every time and have the greatest athletes on the planet, despite being only 5% of the population. Why are we so exceptional in sport?
LOL women's basketball
Islanders moving to Brooklyn in 2015!!
During playoffs Joe Girardi called up to the press box to tell them not to mention A-Rod's name when he was pinch hit for. Didnt want his widdle feewings to be hurt.
The San Francisco Giants have swept the Detroit Tigers to win the World Series
College soccer player arrested for punching official
Next time you have a moment of I've lost faith in humanity with the younger generation, read this story.  Amazing story of a HS football team sticking up for a girl who is mentally handicapped.
playoff game-not so pretty, WR didn't show up but SJ sure did-even with that #34WR had 18 tackles on the game.  This is the first team to hold him on offense-he averaged 250 yards receiving, passing, running until this game when he was held to 78 total yards. 
This little girl can play some football
Lakers fire head coach Mike Brown
Some classy guy just won the NL Cy Young
My Thoughts on 2013 Toronto Blue Jays 
Maryland Terrapins accept invitation to join Big Ten, sources say. Rutgers expected to follow suit
2012 Indian Girls Junior Rowing Nationals: Double Scull Finals
I've been playing Ultimate Frisbee for over 2 years now, and not a lot of people even know this sport exists. It's not just throwing a disc around.
VCU Rams volleyball coach James Finley says he was fired because he loves the cock
I know spelling when it comes to slang isn't that important but really?
My favourite photo from Red Bull Crashed Ice in Niagara Falls this evening - the hockey goalies trying to take on the course.
Finally realized who Eagles QB Nick Foles reminded me of
Bob Coastas' gun control rant during Sunday Night Football.
Study Bolsters Link Between Routine Hits and Brain Disease
Is there a service I can purchase to watch live Italian soccer online? Dets in text (I'm counting on you r/sports! r/soccer just down-voted me :( )
Two of the best soccer players in the world go head to head in this weekend's La Liga clash
Australian golf resort owner doesn't want Tiger Woods at his tournament
Mark Sanchez benched, Greg McElroy to start.
English cricket captain Tony Greig has died
Guy totally screws up once in a life time chance in darts.
My hometown girls basketball team used this innovative play today to run down the clock.
For all those soccer, or should I say football, fans out there
Rory Mcllroy and Tiger Woods give us the golf commercial of the year as Rory joins nike.
I can't be the only one who thought of this
Lance Armstrong, arrogant and unaware, did little to repair his image in mea culpa with Oprah
To all my hockey fans! Who's ready!?
Lance Armstrong Admits to Blood Doping on Facebook
Far from it. Faaaaaar from it. - Te'obias Fünke
The NFL's Response to Brain Trauma: A Brief History -  The Atlantic
Lebron making out with chubby fan
Baltimore safety Bernard Pollard says that the way the NFL is going, a player is going to die on the field eventually.
I'm not concerned with your liking or disliking me... All I ask is that you respect me as a human being. -- Jackie Robinson, who was born 94 years ago today.
NFL’s Roger Goodell refuses to admit link between football brain injury, even after studies have shown that contact sports (like football) are linked to concussions, and NFL players are at a higher risk for Alzheimer’s, ALS, abnormal brain proteins &amp; depression.
Jets to try to trade Tim Tebow
Jacoby Jones epic SB celebration dance
Blame Beyonce? Boomer Told Of 2 Power Outages During Halftime Rehearsals
We went to the Super Bowl and asked a bunch of pro athletes Reddit's favorite question (video)
Australian sport rocked by drugs and organised crime links after ACC releases findings of their year-long investigation
Tyler Lewis Chanted at by Cameron Crazies after Grandmother passes away
Could Michael Jordan still play at 50?
TIL the NFL is contemplating widening the field to the same size as the CFL
IOC drops wrestling from 2020 Olympics
Wrestling Dropped from the Olympics?!? It's one of the founding events!
Cristiano Ronaldo and Chad Ochocinco after yesterday's game 
Majority of ESPN voters believe that LeBron James is a better athlete than Michael Jordan.
Rick DiPietro clarifies suicide comment 
Probably the craziest buzzer beater ever
I would hate to go back to the locker after this Hockey Fight...
Saint Louis deals with real loss (Emotional Story about SLU's season and death of their coach)
Best NBA dunk ever?
Prank call gets Buffalo GM to reveal his frustrations with Ryan Fitzpatrick | National Football Post
Man, defense in men's college basketball is getting a little handsy.
Cornell's Kyle Dake wins his 4th NCAA Wrestling National Championship, first ever wrestler to do so at 4 different weights.
Even Siri hadn't heard of FGCU 
Photo: Sidney Crosby undergoing oral surgery after taking a 90 mph slap shot to the jaw.
Jay-Z launches Roc Nation Sports, Yankee player Robinson Cano signs as first client
Practice video shows Rutgers basketball coach Mike Rice berated, pushed and used slurs against players
Photo: Rays To Do List Includes Killing Steve Irwin, Winning The World Series
Jeremy Lin cites college race 'barrier'
PTI got a little interesting when talking about former Rutgers AD Tim Parnetti
Why does ESPN try to force-feed its viewers women's sports? No offense, but the demand for WNBA and women's college basketball must be extremely low.
Matt Mitrione slams transgender fighter Fallon Fox as 'sick, sociopathic, disgusting freak'
Documents reveal Oregon football committed 'major' violations
Sounds like a crazy road trip
The truth about the Cubs
Manny Ramirez takes 30 second home run trot in Taiwan
NFL Punter and advocate of gay rights Chris Kluwe alleges that his outspoken ways could get him cut from the Minnesota Vikings
CSN Chicago and former correspondent Susannah Collins split ways, not because of her sex slip, but because of videos like this.
Screaming Spurs Lady (SAScreamingLady) on Twitter
Boston Bruins Game Winning Overtime Goal Recorded Live from Above the Air Canada Centre with the Reaction of a Crowd of Leafs Fans 10,000 People Strong!
Heat defeat Bulls 94-91 to advance to the Eastern Conference Finals
Jets PB Mike Goodson facing drug, weapons charges after being stopped on New Jersey interstate
I know next to nothing about Basketball but everyone at work talks about it, could someone give me a run down of this season so I don't sound so dumb?
What am I seeing here?
Lets make this happen.
I know how we all feel about ESPN, but this is the first time I've experienced it first hand. What would Stephen A. Smith look like dressed as Beiber?
1 second to 100 km/h [video]
Shocking Cheerleader Pic on SI.com
Pats one win shy of regular-season perfection with romp
EXTREME Sports-Funny and Amazing !
Big Male King Salmon [pic]
Witnesses to Greatness
Why Goliath fell.
NEWSFLASH!!! SUPER BOWL STOLEN!!! « With Malice…
Perfection Denied - The Patriots Suffer the Toughest Loss in Recent Sports History
LIVE National Signing Day Video
Treadmill Tips
Superman Slam Dunk
Penthouse  Pet Erica Ellyson Dating Red Sox Clay Buchholz (Photos)
Manny sees 600 in his future
How likely is the chance of anyone surpassing Joe DiMaggio's hitting streak?
Michelle Wie and Robin Lopez At Charity Auction [pic]
NASCAR drivers who want to be drug tested
Some fans left confused when Fox shifts from baseball to NASCAR
Reggie Miller Isn’t To Old To Party
Retarded Racehorse?
Editorial: ESPN needs to learn replay technique from the NFL Network
Massive Bicyle Crash...
Tennis: Roger Federer falls in German clay final
Euro 2008 : Greece 0-2 Sweden
Rams Cheerleader Does it for Charity [Pics]
An ambidextrous pitcher faces a switch hitter. [video]
Pacers trade Jermaine O'Neil to Toronto for T.J. Ford, Rasho Nesterovic and 17th pick
Williams Sisters to Meet in Wimbledon Final - NYTimes.com
Former Chargers Safety Terrence Kiel Dies in Car Crash
This guy can score anywhere.
In Which I Develop A Sudden Interest In Track
10th Grade Football Player Revived With Defibrillator After Collapsing During Practice
5 Facts About Michael Phelps' 5 Gold Medals
Another Beautiful Day in Beijing... [PIC]
Manny Ramirez Likes Red Sox's New Blue Uniforms
Scandal of the Ages: Documents Reveal Underage Chinese Gymnast
Success!!! - A classy silver medalist.
Giants Lose Osi Umenyiora for the Season
NJ Man Claims to Have Unbreakable Baseball Bat
Bengals receiver Chad Johnson legally changes name to Chad Ocho Cinco.....this guy is a nut job
Brady out for season
UCLA Cheerleader $100/HR Or $150/HR Song Girl?
MMA + Photoshop = Hilarity
Simpson's lawyers tried to dismiss all-white jury
Maria Sharapova Is A Hot Tennis Fox
Did Kornheiser Say Something Racist On MNF?
Who is the hottest cheerleader in the NFL? 
What if the NFL had a Facebook Page 
Top Ten Reasons Roger Clemens Wasn't Invited to the Final Game at Yankee Stadium
The Man Who Beat Kimbo Isn't Into Gay Ground And Pound, Has A Wife
Sarah Palin is dropping puck at the Flyers home opener (she's probably going to be booed out of the arena)
Formula One putting green stripes on tires to show green cred: are they deserved?
Sarah Palin booed at Rangers/Flyers game!
Tony Womo Out Three To Four Weeks With Bwoken Widdle Fingey | The Onion 
  Polamalu: Fines make NFL 'pansy game'  
Ref Tackles QB During LSU - South Carolina Game (Video)
Rays Take Game 2; Tie World Series at 1-1
Phillies Win Game 4; Lead World Series 3-1
It's over. Roy Williams wins the Halloween costume contest dressed as Tatum Bell in Rudy Johnson's clothes.
Billups and Iverson Swap Jerseys
Rasheed Wallace on A.I. Trade: Do we like the trade? Maybe not. Ain't no telling.
onion: Kobe Bryant Scores 25 In Holy Shit We Elected A Black President
Iverson, Pistons hand Lakers first loss of the season shooting 51% from the field.
Player Efficiency Rating - NBA
Cowboys quarterback Tony Romo invites a random homeless man to see a movie
Mike Vick went bankrupt sitting in prison. How did that happen?
Baseball history for the youngins - 1993 - 46 year old pitcher Nolan Ryan puts a young Robin Ventura in his place
AskReddit: Can I see a replay of the De La Hoya fight from last nite anywhere???
Photo Of The Day: Lewis Hamilton
2008 Top 10 most despised pro athletes
Former Yankee, Met, and Pirate who pitched a No-hitter on LSD, Dock Ellis dead =(
Defeating Dolphins only thing Jets can control 
Erin Andrews gets a naughty surprise dance from USC linebacker Rey Maualuga (Video)
Florida Gators win the National Championship
10 Unbelievable Slam Dunk Videos
T.O. is a drama queen who creates issues when they don't exist
Former Bikini Model Melanie Collins Is Now Broadcasting Into Your Living Room Via NBA TV
Nothing Can Separate Me From My Beloved Pittsburgh Steelers (Almost). The Close, Almost Unique Bond Between Steeler Fans &amp; Their Team &amp; City. 1 Fan-Author's Story 
'Chucky' Gruden fired from Bucs
Plaxico Burress' Replacement ALSO shot in the leg
Ovechkin's Hillarious Breakaway Challenge Attempt
Road to Super Bowl XLIII flanked by 43 strip clubs
Steelers rally to beat Cardinals 27-23
Shayne Pospisil Wins Red Bull Snowscrapers
A-Rod, Dead At 33
Top Ten Basketball Sneakers of All-Time
Video: Alexander Semin's 80-foot game-winning goal vs. Boston
Cowboys reportedly release Owens
Buffalo Bills Sign Troubled Terrell Owens to 1 Year Contract
50 Awesome iPhone Apps for College Sports Fanatics
Full NCAA Basketball Bracket Out
Will the San Francisco 49ers trade up with the Browns to take Mark Sanchez with the #5 pick in the NFL Draft?
Fake controversy mars end of Western Kentucky/Gonzaga game
Ten Golf Hazards to Look Out for Other than Grenades
Houston Texans Ryan Moats Misses Being At His Dying Mother-In-Law's Side Due To Overzealous Cop
Hooters + March Madness = Great Fun
Correcting Bill Simmons, Part 4: Bill’s not-so-unique idea and more three-point talk
While Pedro Martinez and Randy Johnson Unnerved Hitter, Roy Halladay Inspires Them...
Plaxico Burress strengthens bid for Dumbass Of The Year
Nick Swisher and his 0.00 career ERA
Funny Ad for the Boston Bruins
Empty Seats Aplenty at New Yankee Stadium
Report: Lions To Use No. 1 Pick In NFL Draft On Ryan Leaf 
Nuggets DESTROY Hornets, 121-63
Where do the New Orleans Hornets go from here?
Ainge on Garnett: “I’m not planning on him the rest of the season.”
The Sexiest Girls of the Stanley Cup Playoffs
NBA Free Agency Rumors: Wade, ‘Sheed, Boozer and more
Brett Favre: America's Biggest Drama Queen
Does Dwyane Wade’s future depend on LeBron?
Chuck Daly, who coached the original Dream Team to the Olympic gold medal in 1992 after winning back-to-back NBA championships with the Detroit Pistons, died at age 78 Saturday morning
Sorry Cleveland. Put away the brooms. You will NOT sweep the Magic
Dear Sports Reddit: Does anyone else love basketball but get incredibly frustrated by constant foul calls and superstar cry baby theatrics (see: Lebron or Kobe)?
Lebron James: The media is out to villianize the King
WEC Fighter Mike Brown Interview
Lewis, Ochocinco finally speak
Five Reasons to Watch the 2009 Belmont
Report: Vikings give Favre ultimatum and deadline
Yankees Need More From Draft
The Great Little League Caper of ‘09!
Alabama will be forced to vacate 21 football wins that came under former coach Mike Shula and current coach Nick Saban, the NCAA ruled.
Why US Soccer Sucks?  Jersey born player chooses Italy and beats US Team with 2 goals
Sosa tested Positive in 2003 
The USA end Spain's record unbeaten run: USA 2 - 0 Spain
US defeats #1 Spain 2-0 for berth in Confederations Cup Final. 
An argument against trading the farm (literally) for Halladay
Mark Wahlberg's First Pitch Hits Fan in the Butt, Video 
UFC president Dana White declares war on EA Sports
What coach didn’t vote Tebow unanimous All-SEC first team? Had to be Bobby “Hans Gruber” Petrino
If Pro Sports Went CoEd: Our Fantasy Picks
10 Sports Stories That Need To Go The Eff Away
Review of EA Sports Tiger Woods PGA Tour 10 for the Wii: Best Sports Video Game Experience Ever?
Brett Favre to stay retired
Flagstaff Police looking for....Mike Ditka?!
WTF Madden: Jets safety Kerry Rhodes and center Nick Mangold have some serious beef with their ratings on Madden [video]
For the last time, Americans didn't invent the term 'soccer'
Eli Manning to sign record NFL contract
Orton hears a boo! Bronco fans boo Kyle for 2 interceptions at practice session.
Lawrence Phillips convicted of 7 felonies. Well, at least he’s keeping himself busy these days.
U.S. soccer player Landon Donovan tested positive for H1N1, after struggling through a 90-minute match the day before.
100m speed record over the years [chart]
Female South African athlete told to take gender test
Usain Bolt Runs 19.19 World Record 200m (Video)
You know football's right around the corner because the Raiders are in police reports again.
Did Brandon Inge Get Tattoos On His Forearms?
No Joe Buck Talk At The Dinner Table
The Confessions Of An NBA Scorekeeper
Brandon Marshall suspended from Broncos! Here's video of him acting like an ass-hat in practice yesterday.
Oregon Ducks have 160 (!?) football uniform combinations. Now, you can pick your favorite...or worst possible
Andy Roddick, Wimbledon finalist, is upset in a five-set thriller against fellow American, 6'9, John Isner
In Defense of Serena Williams
NHL- Dion Phaneuf destroys Kyle Okposo September 17th 2009
Giants win in Dallas' new stadium twice to appease Wade Phillips.
Indianapolis beats the Dolphins despite having just the ball 14:53 all game.
Racing fans, don't forget to check out the /r/forumula1 and /r/motorsports subreddits!
Experts Agree With Me About Ben Gordon's Value
Cris Collinsworth Likes His Ladies Very Young and Extremely Stupid (The NFL censored the Video)
The Real Reasons Chicago Lost The 2016 Olympics
Favre takes it to his former team, 30-23 Vikings
Serena Williams and other athletes go nude for ESPN. Can they compete with SI swimsuit issue?
Did Mariano Rivera throw a spitball?
So this is why the NFL is trying to cut back on tailgating (VIDEO)
ESPN -- Worldwide Leader in Sex
Caron Butler battled with addiction all this summer, losing 12lbs with two weeks of sleepless nights sweating in bed. The story of his brave battle and triumph over Mountain Dew. 
Chris Cooley is a Victim of Karma
Derrick Rose Commercial With Dwight Schrute
It would be difficult to make up any element of this story: During an NBA game on Halloween night, a bat flew onto the court, eluding capture for a few minutes before the Spurs' Manu Ginobili smacked it out of midair. [VID]
Video Football player tackles his own teammate 
Saints go to 8-0 for the first time in history with 30-20 win over Panthers 
What in the name of Michael Jackson is up with Sammy Sosa?
Larry Johnson to sign with the Bengals
Stephon Marbury! Transform and Roll Out! Video 
After the game, Scott Niedermayer tries to give his hockey stick to a little girl in the stands. The Anaheim crowd then breaks out into a fight over the stick. [w Vid]
The Steelers Will Not Make The Playoffs
Man, this is almost like a blockbuster movie script
Serena Williams has been fined and given a suspended three-year ban from the US Open for her tirade at a line judge at Flushing Meadows.
Top 8 Moments in Nerf Basketball History
Adrian Peterson attempts set a new record as a running back, ticketed for going 109mph in a 55.
United States vs. England in World Cup opener 
Just throwing this out there:  Florida played 2 ranked teams all year and lost to one of them (SEC bias much?)
Fresno St. goes for the win instead of the tie. You'll never believe what happens next
Tiger well on his way to proving he can really play 18 holes.
Is anyone else a little ticked off that the NFL is considered a not for profit?
Stay Classy Tennessee. UT uses real pretty hostesses to recruit players; is subsequently being investigated by the NCAA. 
Gill to be named Kansas coach - still needs to gain 300 lbs. to fill Mangino's shoes.
As if being a male cheerleader isn't humiliating enough
No! No! Bill Walton Rapping Video! Make It Stop!
Jerome Harrison runs for 286 yards and Josh Cribbs sets NFL return record record in blacked-out game no one cared about. 
Bears fans want love gone so bad they got a billboard for it
Jay Cutler Doesn't Care What You Think
Highlights From The Oregon State/BYU Bowl Game, Featuring 50 MPH Winds And Multiple 6 Yard Punts [video]
Bruce has likely made his final catch as a 49er | PressDemocrat.com | The Press Democrat | Santa Rosa, CA
He'd waited his whole life -- all 33 years -- to be a high school head football coach, and he didn't want his first season to be a clunker.
Guns drawn in Wizards locker room: Arenas and Crittenton involved
This NFL article makes my blood boil.  If a coach wants to rest his players - he should be able to.
Kirk Hinrich and Tyrus Thomas for Chris Bosh Rumor
Nation's No. 1 high school team scores 100 points in the first half
Nick Saban visited one of UT's pro days when he was coaching the Miami Dolphins. It was unexpectedly chilly that day. No choice but to don the burnt orange. 
Even more embarrassing to watch because he lost the game.
Tom Brady Smack down
Tennessee Fan says goodbye to LANE KIFFIN.  [video] [NSFW]
Derek Dooley: I don't know who the fuck he is, but Tennessee just hired him to coach football apparently
Ochocinco challenges Chris Johnson to 40-yard foot race - loser is sending checks to Haiti
Kurt Warner Gets Obliterated During Interception Run Back [video]
Chicago Bears Re-Make Super Bowl Shuffle
LaDanian Tomlinson - LT Electric Slide [video]
A definitive guide to cheating(in soccer)
Too Soon for jokes about Chris Henry?
No this is a sweet hockey goal.
ESPN/ABC 2010 World Cup schedule
Could Gilbert Arenas Pick An Uglier Chick At A Pool Party?
Hey Guys My Friend Just Created A New Hockey Betting Software. He Is Trying To Pay His Way Through College So If You Could Purchase His Product It Help Him Out Alot. 
Sad story of 1984 Olympic gold medalist Bill Johnson, who spends up to 10 hours a day playing computer games in his trailer, wears a medic-alert bracelet.
'Sexualized' Sports Illustrated cover of U.S. skier Lindsey Vonn draws criticism, controversy
ESPN insiders?  care to copy paste Chad Ford's article today about what NBA trades should happen?  THANKS REDDIT
When interviewing a gold medal winner, you should probably know who they are first.
No, Mr. NBC snowboarding commentator, it is not called a Kickin' Chicken.
I ran into this problem when I worked for [ESPN]. I couldn’t contain my disdain for Mike Lupica’s phony, arrogant shtick or Scoop Jackson’s ghetto posturing.
I have to be honest.  I am still sad that the U.S. lost yesterday.   
In an interesting turn of events, a Stoner smoked a Jay in the Cards/Mets game today.
YouTube - WORST DIVE EVER... GILARDINO DIVE
Kobe Bryant's Top 10 so far this season. Includes the 7 clutch FTW shots. 
Two teams pay to build new stadium. Who gets to play the first game there?
President Obama's 2010 NCAAB Bracket [non-video]
Ohio State Advances to Sweet 16

Messi is a God - 4 beautiful, viscous goals! Arsenal vs. Barca! 
This is why I'm losing interest in College Basketball.
Any hockey fans remember this blight upon the sport?
Peter King and Bill Simmons beat Mel Kiper Jr. in predicting the draft
Mel Kiper Jr.'s Track Record at Grading the Draft Examined: When ESPN analyst Merril Hoge  disagreed USC WR Mike Williams would be the best player in his 2005 draft class, Kiper uttered the now infamous line, I'll see you at his Hall of Fame induction.
How scary do the Thunder look right now?
Insane mascot dunk
When Detroit drafted him in 2008, West Point Grad Caleb Campbell felt on top of the world...until the Army told him NO. 2 years later, Detroit kept their promise...
The 10 most fascinating Stanley Cup playoff beards (so far) - Puck Daddy - NHL Blog - Yahoo! Sports
Holy hell - may Winnipeg be getting its Jets back?!?
Abdul-Jabbar scores again - proposal to raise NBA entry age to 21 is a winner
Did Delonte West sleep with LeBron James' mom, and is that the reason for their non-performance?
This is when you know the match is over for you (pic)
Detroit Tigers' Armando Galarraga perfect through 8 innings.
Umpire blows MLB perfect game in the last out on the 9th inning...wow
Detroit Tigers' Galarraga hosed on a Perfect Game
Lakers go up 2 games to 1
Soccer officially announces it is gay. [Onion Video]
North Korean Soccer Fans Are Actually Chinese Volunteers.  You know, because the North Koreans aren't actually allowed to leave the country.
LeBron Sure You Want to Consider the Nets?: Welcome to Newark (Video)
Running commentary for USA vs SLOVENIA
US - Slovenia referee may be red-carded by FIFA. He's most likely barred from the rest of World Cup.
Question about soccer ethics/traditions
David Villa struck twice as Spain got their World Cup campaign back on track with a comfortable victory over Honduras, but with more clinical finishing the Euro 2008 champions could have scored a hatful.
The football transfer rumour grind is cranking up to full speed and here we take a look at the 10 Premiership players most expected to be in the shop window over the summer.
Fifa 2010 matches time converter
Roger Federer feels luck is finally turning his way 
England on verge of shock group elimination, can they resist the pressure and secure the win against Slovenia or they become the second disappointment after France?
Capello to be sacked by England if his under-pressure team fail to beat Slovenia?
World Cup Facts, Did you know Nike makes $1.5 billion annually from soccer related merchandise and isn't even an official sponsor of the World Cup?
Manny Pacquiao sworn in to Congress in Philippines
This must be the reason the refs are missing all the calls during the World Cup. Why do they care about this?!
One of the most expected matches of this round, Diego Maradona's team will once again face Germany in quarter finals after defeating Mexico. The last time Germany won in the penalty shoot out. Who would advance to the sixth match after Sunday's big game?
Phil Jackson to coach for one last year
If Basketball Was Like Soccer 
Lebronathon discussion page
Reddit Request: Lebron joining the Dark Side
Miami Heat sign Mike Miller to five-year deal
Atlanta Braves owning everyone
Reddit, please help me decide which NFL team to follow.
Soccer’s Growth in the U.S. Seems Steady
France coach Blanc drops all 23 World Cup players 
This dude sinks a ball from atop statue [video]
16, 15, 15, 13 and then 33 HRs? What chemical did this guy discover?
Brett Favre is so indecisive. So how would he do with other jobs that require decisiveness?
Confusion Among Boxing's Sanctioning Bodies Results In Manny Pacquiao Fighting Self For 3 Separate Belts
Meet the NFL's Most Interesting Man.
Antonio Cromartie Trying To Remember Kids' Names On Hard Knocks 8-18-10 
You know your NBA team sucks when you advertise like this.
People ESPN should fire, effective yesterday. 
Troy Polamalu's hair insured for $1 million by Head and Shoulders
Hottest women dating pro athletes right now: Is it not enough they get the fame and the money, they get the best women, too?
Why The Saints Will Destroy The Vikings Tonight (Hint: it Starts With A Decrepit 40 Year Old Quarterback)
So if Reggie Bush had killed Kim Kardashian and a waiter...
Dear San Diego Chargers - PUT SOME FUCKING GLOVES ON!!! IT'S FUCKING RAINING YOU FUCKS!!!
Week One NFL Cheerleaders Gallery
This a man's game!
The 20 Coolest NFL Player Cars 
Oh, by the way...Jim Furyk won the FedEx Cup this weekend. 
This may actually be the sappiest, most sentimental sport in the world, awash in nostalgia for itself. But sometimes the tears are sincere. Cito Gaston wiped away a few at the ballpark Wednesday night.
Check out this topical poll on TSN right now.
Duke woman ranks 13 Duke athletes' sexual prowess. Lacrosse player tops the list.
Bill Simmons: Michael Vick's redemption
I hate the SF Giants.
ESPN Instant analysis: Wisconsin upsets 1# Ohio State
Phillidelphians.
yet another reason to hate the yankees...
Screw you, ESPN.  This is their front page after the Giants won the pennant.  Freakin' east coast bias.
The NBA starts up again tomorrow and I couldn't envision a better video to get me pumped.
Heat smoke the Magic in Miami home opener.
I hate football, and Jesus.
Best Giants fan. [pic]
The World Series may be over, but the Brian Wilson Show continues...
Remember Hill to Laettner? Well last night...
Funniest anecdote from the NFL weekend: footage of a young, rotund Andy Reid as a 13-year old in the Punt, Pass &amp; Kick contest [video &amp; image]
Is this the greatest own goal of all time?
Are you ready for some football?  At Yankee Stadium???
Paul Pierce Mocks LeBron James With Postgame Tweet
Perfect Timing, Onion: Michael Vick Getting Confident Enough To Do Something Terrible Again
Wondered how Cal slowed down Oregon to 15 points this weekend?  This video explains all, in under 2 minutes.
Who would have ever predicted this a couple months ago?
LeBron throws shoulder into his own coach...dudes got no respect [Video]
Ten Reasons Why The Heat Don't Give a Damn
Hi Reddit, my sister-in-law is in a wheelchair and does wheelchair racing, I thought you might enjoy taking a look at her new site for others interested in the sport.
Bubba Watson Double Eagle.
Espn's 30 for 30: Pony Excess. Anybody else excited for this one?
What's the most obscure jersey you own?
Does anyone else miss this song?
I hate when sports fans do this...
Here's What it Looks Like When a Stadium's Dome Collapses from the Inside.
Who is the NY jets mystery man..
Ok ESPN, I was rooting for Favre's streak to end as much as possible, but c'mon, it's pretty classless to be interviewing the guy who injured him
And they say Americans don't protest anything...
Read this and you will figure out why the West Coast and more specifically Seattle sports hates ESPN. 
TCU wins Rose Bowl. All we need now is for Uconn to get blown out of the water and the BCS is officially the most piece of $h&amp;T ever
Message from the Packers to the Giants and Bucs...
Lions Fans (NSFW language)
Peyton Manning's ticking clock and Jim Caldwell's negligence mean it's time for the Colts to consider the unthinkable: replacing a man who is 24-8 and has been to a Super Bowl in his first two years as a head coach.
Karma sure is a bitch.  A day after Lebron sends a tweet....
Don't like Jay Cutler? John Elway doesn't either.
Look Antonio Cromartie, I'm really happy for you. Imma let you finish, but Wes Welker had the best insults of all time! OF ALL TIME!!!
I am watching the NFL playoffs, and I think the Fox Sports Robot that dances on the left of the screen lame who agrees?
New England Patriots vs New York Jets game thread.
Sorry Bears/Caleb Haine fans, I just don't see this happening ಠ_ಠ
Fans burn Jay Cutler's jersey - with video
No cheerleaders at this year's Super Bowl
The NBA is shit
Goalie Fight: Brent Johnson leveled Rick DiPietro!
Pelé was better, and more important, than Michael Jordan, Babe Ruth, and Maradona
Kevin Love: Biggest All-star Snub Ever?
Support freedom of the press: help the Washington City Paper take a stand against Washington Redskins owner Dan Snyder
#14 Wisconsin beats #1 Ohio State for a huge upset.
Short reign: Kansas blown out by KState first day at number 1
Every logo &amp; jersey of every major sports' teams, 
past and present.
Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban creates company to challenge BCS system
I wish Bob Costas would do play-by-play again
Did that little bitch Bieber just throw an air-hockey paddle at The Great One? Kill him... kill him now.
Thunder sign Kendrick Perkins to multi year contract
If he wanted to have sex and play basketball, Brandon Davies shouldn't have went to BYU
why would anyone be on the NFL owners' side of this dispute is beyond me --- good explanation of the whole issue
#1 Ohio State Manhandles #10 Wisconsin 93-65 and Sets 2 NCAA Records
Dear NCAA, your favortism is blatant.  
Perry Jones in same situation as Cam Newton, but different result.
D-wade's insane two handed dunk
Big East - A New Hope
Duke is going down!
A young Denver fan dresses up like Chris Andersen. Spiked mohawk and fake neck tattoos.
US Draws Argentina 1-1!
Good arm, aim needs work. (xpost from r/soccer)
Thanks baseball, you just RUINED SportsCenter for the next 7 months.
Tennis player, Ferrer, serves a ball in the direction of a crying baby who had disturbed him
Butler coach fired after losing the NCAA Finals again
Whatever happened to this great sport.
Didnt know Artest was next to Yao in the f*** that F7U12 pic...
I'm Done with the NBA Until They Get Real Officiating
Anyone remember Coleco Head-to-Head Baseball? (1982)
Awesome Avalanche Ski Jump
Why can't the NBA figure out a way to broadcast their games with big head mode turned on?
Flopping/Acting in -American- football..
Luongo
Orioles OF Luke Scott is a mouth-breathing paranoid racist lunatic
Michael Vick rips Android app for dogfighting
Why humanity loves soccer and always will
Sports angle to the Osama is dead story: He was a soccer fan. 
It's awfully quiet around here haters. You feel ok?
Illini nation has found their latest t-shirt taunt
Phil Jackson's Hall of Fame career ends ironically with a sweep. Dallas advances to the Western Finals.
Athlete Mugshots We Want as Fatheads
A New Hope
Former Minnesota Twin and hall of famer, Harmon Killebrew, passes away after cancer battle
DAE see the close up of Joakim Noah just now?
Scottie Pippen: LeBron James could end up better than Michael Jordan
Jeff Van Gundy makes my want to rip my ears off.
The Mavs just took their talents to South Beach
Chance, explanation, and the NBA Finals.  Why do we insist on explaining chance occurrences?
The key to bad karma in sports.
So Plaxico Burress is out of jail and wearing a Philly hat. If he goes to the Eagles I suggest they update their logo to something more fitting... The Philadelphia Jailbirds
I have no idea who this guy is, but he's fucking RIGHT ON TARGET
LeBron messed around and got a triple-double,- Mark Jackson
Skip Bayless with my favorite comment of his about LeBron (and of course there have been many).
DeShawn Stevenson’s T-Shirt: ‘Hey LeBron! How’s My Dirk Taste’
It's time to be honest about these riots so it doesn't start again. And Vancouver, you have nothing to be sorry for. (crossposted from /r/canada)
Hockey fans, your riot was good and clean, but football has the greatest riots of all time
the main difference between Cubs fans and white Sox fans
If Jan Vesely doesn't work out at least we can say we have his girlfriend in DC...
How much would we dominate soccer if soccer was important in America?
A proposal for breaking ties in soccer
Reminisce about Nick Charles and Fred Hickman in their prime counting down the top plays of 1988
The entire state of Alabama could change its name to NASCAR, and I still wouldn’t talk about it with my friends
A reason I watch beach volleyball
Can someone explain to me why ESPN gives Rick Reilly a column so he can do stuff like this?
Caroline Wozniacki and Jo-Wilfried Tsonga [pic]
USA Women just beat Brazil in the best soccer game I've ever seen in my life, Men's or Women's.
This article about Tiger Woods potentially having money issues is mind-blowing in so many ways.
The Heisman Trust contacted Reggie Bush's family last week to request the return of his Heisman Trophy
 The NFL star and the brain injuries that destroyed him | Science | The Guardian 
Hope Solo and Alex Morgan signed an endorsement deal with Bank of America. Does this mean that, like BoA, they're going to start screwing everyone? If so...SCORE!
Denver Broncos cornerback Perrish Cox has been accused of drugging, raping and impregnating a Denver woman last September.
Why is soccer an elitist/upper middle class game in the USA? Why are American sports fans usually cosmopolitan hipsters or well off liberal yuppies?
10 Things I have learned about Mountainbiking
Looks like Jerry Meals was itching to go home
Versus channel to change its name to NBC Sports Network
Following Nyjer Morgan on Twitter is always an experience.
If Nigeria's best athletes played football, would they dominate the sport?
Final day of the PGA Championship. It's days like this where I really miss tiger
Why do the Florida Marlins have a team if there is no one at their stadium?  Aren't they losing money?
TIL Nolan Ryan never won a Cy Young.
You can hate them all you want but the Yankees are the most valuable and biggest revenue generating sports team in the world for a reason
One of the best trolls I've ever seen - SEC Guy calls into 95.5 The Game in Portland.
Yao wins the LLWS
steve nash gets crossed by justin bieber...say it ain't so, steve!!
On The First Play In School History, Tennessee High School Goes All The Way
Poor Baylor.
Aerial photo of PA minor league ballpark flooded out completely
Djokovic outlasts Nadal to win the US Open
Scumbag Djokovic (Happened a few times this year, not just today)
Sports Fans - What 5 stadiums should every fan see before they die?
Worst seats in sports...
I think Lynx have explained rugby quite well..
Tom Brady admits he doesn’t tell the truth to the media 
I hate books like this... taints the mental images of our sports heroes. 
XARM: tl;dr: a sport where two men arm wrestle while kicking each other in the fucking head.
This is what happens when I combine bad fantasy football puns with mediocre photoshop skills
I told you about Detroit....
It's hard not to root for this guy and the Brewers
Was anyone else reminded of Zoidberg while watching the Giants-Cardinals game?
NFL Images of the Decade - so many emotions
How it feels being a baseball fan in Arkansas this postseason.
Cards take Game 1 of the World Series because the UMPS ARE ON THE TAKE!!!

Body found at Akron football stadium
Goodell: Some NFL teams could be London regulars
MLS continues to grow. New league records for total (5.4 million) and average (17,844) attendance set this season
Cam Newton Is A Superstar
ESPN name change as of 10/23/11...
Video of France advancing on the New Zealand Haka before the Rugby World Cup Final last weekend. They were fined €10,000 for this. Worth every penny.
what's going on here van pelt?
How Bengals fans feel after the first 8 weeks of the season
He will be better than Messi and Ronaldo are now in 5 years
ESPN... Kim Kardashian divorce. Really?! 
Never Forget! 
Cleveland. That is all.
Marcos used Thrilla in Manila fight to distract from country’s woes
If the NFL playoffs started today...pretty crazy.
Rex Ryan tells a fan to shut the fuck up
Baseball fans: Why should I consider baseball a sport and not a leisurely activity involving a lot of skill?
We Are SC! Down go the Ducks
Marlins marketing themselves as the team for Latin-Americans - could games outside the US/Canada be next?
Jabar Gaffney tells Cowboys fan to kill himself on twitter. 
I think ESPN is forfeiting their right to do public 
service stories discouraging kids from doing 
steroids...
Lions' Jim Schwartz indicates no plans to punish Ndamukong Suh | Detroit Free Press |
Americans (NFL fans particularly) can now never whine about flopping in soccer again
Amazing catch of the year - Aaron Dobson, Marshall vs. ECU
I don't know how r/sports is with memes, but my friends and I created Uninformed Sports Fan, and you guys could probably have some fun with it, have at it!
How I feel when people criticize Tim Tebow. 
Allstate BCS National Title Game
See, this is why I hate interacting with Michigan State fans.
Tebowcenter
Pujols to Angels for 10 years 250 million
Top 50 soccer goals of all time ... criminey I LOVE SOCCER!
IU is about to kill it...
Xavier vs Cincinnati: benches clear. How is this not on front of sports already?!
Stephen A Smith should be a meme.
Scumbag John Calipari
No big deal.
Rick Pitino plans to quit when contract ends in 2017, according to espn's top headline. Thank god we can all put an end to that cliffhanger. 
Oregon Ducks Darth Vader uniforms for the Rose Bowl look pretty damn cool
Down with the mothership! NBC Sports Network debuts Monday.  Now that we have another option, can we boycott ESPN?
Just heard this on Sportscenter, Tebow didn't provide any magic yesterday, but we'll explain why it doesn't all fall on the quarterback.
Tim Tebow's message to prisoners: “If you have Jesus Christ in your heart, you are going to spend eternity in heaven. If you don’t, you’re going to spend eternity in hell.” 
Why is #32 even on the court other than to hurt someone?  He never even leaves his feet
What Steve Nash is still doing in Phoenix (crosspost from /r/nba
5 Most Annoying Things About Sports (to non-sports fans)
Can someone PLEASE make .gif of Tebow's game-winning touchdown pass?
I have a raging Teboner.
Man, this BCS game is so...
Goes undefeated all season...
That is what you get NCAA/BCS...
John Parr remakes St. Elmos fire into Tim Tebow's Fire, epically bad and awesome at the same time.
How come footballers raise tennis players? An interesting theory

Should we change the name of American football to gridiron ball?
Tom Brady sets record with 5 TD passes in 1st half of Broncos game.
Must be a sign from god Tebow...
Tom Football Troll Brady
For those that missed it, Tom Brady's 3rd down punt and the ensuing brawl
Reddit Top 100 Athletes of All Time
Joe Paterno, 85, dies in State College (really this time)
By cementing his 5th Super Bowl appearance and already having won 3, Tom Brady is officially the greatest quarterback who has ever played the game.
Tim Thomas - goalie for the Stanley Cup winning Bruins - skips meeting the President with the rest of his team due to his political beliefs.  Ridiculous.
Ring Girl Jade Bryce: Queen of the Hot Twit Pic [Gallery]
Scumbag Woman Dumps Man Because He Has Cancer, Still Wants His Super Bowl Tickets
Full Body Scanners At Super Bowl 2012
Patrick has the right idea.
7 Embarrassing “I’m Going To Disney World” Super Bowl Ads
What I spent half the superbowl looking at. Fuck DSL
NEW YORK GIANTS, SUPERBOWL CHAMPS!
Fortified Sniper’s Nest At The Super Bowl 2012
YouTube Challenge - Hey Jimmy Kimmel I Unplugged the TV During the Game (Super Bowl)
Sport Slide of Shame [x/post from Funny]
Just a picture of me and my buddy after defeating Montana in the semifinals @ Montana. (UMASS)
Jeremy Lin's buzzer beater-good quality WITH AUDIO
Gary Carter, dead at 57
ESPN fires employee for Lin headline seen online
Amanda Lucas Wins MMA Title with Buddies Darth Vader, Stormtroopers
Knicks' Jeremy Lin holds mirror up to America
Anyone else sick of hearing the name Jeremy Lin or the term Linsanity?
Alex Rodriguez Reveals That Kobe Bryant Almost Retired Because of His Balky Knee
Derrick Rose = Jackie Moon
According to two NFL sources, Peyton Manning to meet with John Elway and the Denver Broncos today
Broncos defenders  D.J. Williams and Ryan McBean suspended six games, alleged to have non-human urine in their system.
Indian teen dies after beating, provoked by dropping catch
When Duke Loses, Humanity Wins
Fabrice Muamba collapses and is feared to have died.
How I felt when I realized that the Indiana/Kentucky rematch is happening
Goals of the week
NHL suspends Hawks' Duncan Keith for 5 games
for elbow on Daniel Sedin - NHL.com
I wonder what this guys favorite college team is.
Peter Crouch with possibly the best goal of the EPL season.
Matt Bush, Former #1 Pick, has Bail Set for Over $1M.....what a loser :(
After Two and a Half Years, Tiger Finally Wins in the PGA.
I get ESPN text alerts. Today I received one of the more interesting ones.
I'm pissed off for greatness! Ray Lewis pregame speech
Maybe Tim Tebow should try reading Matthew 6:5, the bible verse that says Tebowing = bad
Former 2nd overall pick QB Ryan Leaf arrested for burglary and drugs
ROCK CHALK!
Here's what on ABC where I live instead of my beloved Celtics:
Baylor wins the NCAA Women's Basketball Championship with a perfect season
Blake Griffin posterizes Pau Gasol
Notre Dame’s Rudy Used Scrappy, Undersized Sports Drink Company To Scam $11 Million Out Of Investors
Ironic that Guillen gets punished for free speech based upon a dictator that doesn't allow it.
Bernie Fine accuser made up molestation story
Sean Couturier... you are the man
Greatest sports fans ever [x-post r/gifs]
ESPN this weekend, ALL weekend
How I feel about ESPN.com
At least my local sports establishment has a sense of humor.
Find out which sport is best for you with a pretty awesome aptitude test on the National Health Service homepage. 
Stoudemire punches glass in locker room and lacerates hand -- out for playoffs. This must be how they feel right now.
Remember when the Knicks stood a chance?
Angels Jered Weaver pitches the 274th no-hitter in MLB history
J.R smith arguing with melo after melo hits a big shot
Minnesota: Welcome to Loserville, U.S.A.
Reggie Evans may have received a technical foul for giving Blake Griffin a high-five (VIDEO)
30 for 30 is back and this short about Pete Rose makes me sad for the guy
I know ESPN loves Boston, but this is ridiculous.
amazing passing by Larry Bird, He wasnt even a guard
How I feel after my first round of golf today...
The Golden State Warriors are ready to announce what many have long suspected: The franchise wants to move back to San Francisco.
Nadal Has Chance at History on French Open Clay - NYTimes.com
The only thing that can make a group of guys cry at the same time
How many wins for this team? Downvote if tally is higher than number of games you think they'll win, upvote if tally is lower than number of games you think they'll win.
Amazing commercial (x-post from r/nba)
Umpire Laz Diaz tells catcher he has to earn the privilege to throw the ball back to his pitcher.
What sports fanatics sound like to everyone else
Seattle SuperSonics fans might not be bitter, but Seattle Safeways sure are.
That's a clown question, bro
The Greeks dumb tattoo business must be booming  
INCREDIBLE layout catch by Terry Roth!!!
David Nalbandian angrily kicks Linesman in Queens Final
Today's Soccer Hero in Germany
Tiger Woods out, Floyd Mayweather in as the highest paid athlete in the world
Foot Balls
Why doesn't soccer make the following obviously beneficial changes that would vastly increase its popularity?
I find this guy tough to downvote for some reason...
My Grandpa was a big part of the history of college football. I just wanted to share how much of a bad ass he was. 
Michael Jordan's son arrested after Omaha hotel scuffle
The Return of the Best Sporting Event
I just realized that this year's Olympics are called the XXX Olympics
Oops! Joe Paterno Knew How To Use Email After All
Lance Armstrong is asking a federal court to block the latest doping charges against him
$3 million worth of vintage Baseball cards found in Attic...
Ridiculous comeback in the dying minutes of Australian Rugby League match last night
Paterno's need to give it the fuck up...Freeh has little reason to lie in his report.
 LeBron's Unstoppable Move
Stolen Headband
I HOPE U ALL FUCKIN DIE And Other Reasoned, Measured Responses To The NCAA's Penn State Punishment
Ichiro traded to the Yankees
ESPN plagiarizes RealGM.com report on Dwight Howard word-for-word on SportsCenter (video)
Titans’ O.J. Murdock dead at 25, police say he committed suicide 
Oh, Michael Phelps sucks now?
Umpire ejects DJ
This NBC Sports commercial with Lou Gehrig gets me everytime
Look who I ran into at the mall. 
Usain Bolt gets a once over by this olympic official.
Very Funny Czech Soccer Team - Note the Substitute on the bench!
If you aren't watching the US v Canada soccer game, turn it on!  It's the best game of the Olympics so far.
Bolt’s Last Run in London Results in 3rd Gold, World Record 
daaaaaaamn
Melky Cabrera, the MVP of the 2012 MLB All-Star game, has been suspended by the league 50 games for use of testosterone
Felix Hernandez Throw First Perfect Game in Mariners History
Mariner's Double-A team reacts to Felix Hernandez's Perfect Game
My vote for one of the top five most powerful photographs in sports history...
Ryan Dempster and Derek Holland together as Harry Caray in MLB's Fan Cave
Seattle Mariners' Gregory Halman and the days leading to his death of at the hands of his brother Jason - ESPN
College football players ambushed by coaches with water balloons at practice
This is why, for me at least, Hockey is the greatest sport on Earth.
Detroit's Laimbeer throws a couple of elbows and cuts Larry's chin. Bird responds by scoring 31 points in the second half of the playoff game.
Haven't we all done steroids, in a way? -Lance Armstrong
Andy Roddick to retire from tennis after the US Open
I was Lance’s personal assistant for two years. Do I think he cheated? Yep. But my real problem is... the vengeful tactics he uses against people who tell the truth about him, on and off the bike.
Other than figure skating and soccer, in which other sports are females as good as or better than males?
Jerry Miszewski sending the 400 ft highline. 
Why the fuck did arsene sell Van Persie
Best Streaker on a Football Field I've Ever seen [vid]
Notre Dame to ACC (except football)
2001 national champs heading into Grizzly Hall of Fame
In 2010, 70,000 fans tried to boo Alex Smith off the field. His story matters, because most people have experienced a moment in life where it feels like the world is boo-ing them and wants to see them fail.
Party Like An Ironman
This is why I'm boycotting. This is an interception, not a touchdown!
Meet Isaiah Stokes...He is 6-foot-7, 225lbs..He is in the 8th grade.. He is a monster..
Pretty much all of Devin Hester's kick returns in the NFL. This is incredible to watch.
pie to the face @ :52 - A's clinch the playoffs
What makes someone a true fan?
Shameless plug for /r/fantasybball
London 2012: Global winners and losers at the Olympics
Found this gem on ESPN the other day as the lower third graphic was being brought in.  
No One Gives A Shit What The Coach Told You At Halftime, Michele Tafoya
MLB Twitter account takes down 'We don't understand the infield fly rule, either' after embarrassing call.
I know pro wrestling isnt a sport.. but.. did CM Punk screw his career last night?
I think I know how the Seahawks were able to beat the Patriots today.
Please help those of us who have cut the cord.  Email MLB asking them to end online blackouts.  I don't want to have a $1000 per year cable subscription just to watch baseball.  Email, call, post on your facebook about MLB blackouts and send MLB and other major sports leagues a message.
Lance Armstrong
Amateur Greek soccer team to be sponsored by brothels.
Lance Armstrong was not only cheating but he was nasty to people who weren't.
I neutral to this team and all, but...
The Oklahoma City Thunder won the James Harden deal, but the parting will be painful | Ball Don't Lie - Yahoo! Sports
Wisconsin's Joel Stave's season likely over
Steve Spurrier: Alabama can beat NFL teams
I posted about my sons messy football game a couple of weeks back. Tonight they've won the regional championship! Go Alérions!!!
What I thought about when people start talking about the Romney Wins shirts...
Score game winning touchdown, get surprise butt sex
/r/sports, I present you with my newest creation: the Gronkvote
JOHNNY FCKING FOOTBALL!!
9 year old girl Sam Gordon highlight reel. The next Walter Payton?
NFL gave Steelers a $50,000 fine for faking an injury
So my friends and I did something cool...prior to the NBA season starting we attempted to pick the winner of EVERY game. Here are our results so far.
Let the debate begin Trout or Cabrera for AL MVP
if you know anything about kentucky, we hate duke. This guy is asking for a beatdown
MMA women's star Ronda Rousey says she loads up on sex before she fights  
Freak Of Nature: Jashaun Augusto
I know it's probably old as all hell, but I love Adrian Peterson for a lot of reasons.
Quite possibly the worst team name change in modern history NO Hornets becoming Pelicans.
Gabby Ludwig, a 6'6'' transsexual athlete, returns to the basketball court
Goals of the week
Crazy 2-point conversion from yesterday's FCS title game
My family got front page in the Memphis newspaper
Armstrong admits to doping during Winfrey interview
Oh how things have changed... (June 20, 1994 SI Cover)
For those of you that love Chewbacca... or the NHL
Vote: If the Ravens win (it's currently 21-13), should 'the game' be called (a.) The Bro Bowl or (b.) the Super Browl?
Dempsey's goal vs Man United in the 93rd minute
Miller Remembered for His Place in Game, and His Absence From the Hall
Patriots fans mock Torrey Smith about his brother's death. Stay classy, Pats fans.
Hazard kicks swansea ball boy!
Hornets to change their name to the Pelicans... NOPe
'I Was One Of Several People Duped,' Manti Te'o Tells Scarecrow Dressed As Katie Couric | The Onion - America's Finest News Source
8-year-old scores amazing goal after neymar-like dribble!
What was with the no calls at the end of the game?
Baltimore Explodes!!!
Phil Mickelson busts ass on the rocks at Pebble Beach (GIF)
USMNT Centennial Jerseys and Merchandise
FIFA says World Cup will feature goal-line technology 
Oscar Pistorius' brother faces culpable homicide count (2008 Car Accident)
The NFL According to British Teenagers
48-year-old pee wee hockey coach gets 15 days in jail for tripping a player during a postgame handshake. (ESPN)
College Baseball - Impressive Catch [0:14]
Roger Goodell: King of the Iron Throne
How I feel whenever my NCAA team loses...
Baseball player's incredible peripheral vision
Ex-NBA player indicted on murder, gang charges
Cuban, she's done everything for you...you bastard!
Today is the first time there have been 3 Philadelphia / New York sports matchups on the same day in over 120 years
Judging from his high school yearbook, Adam Scott knew exactly what he wanted to be when he grew up
The National anthem from the Boston Bruins game tonight
Tonight in the NHL, 3 Staal brothers played on the same line, against the team the 4th Staal brother plays for!
Michael Jordan marries over the weekend
So I got hit by a flying bat during our away baseball game, smiled through the pain
Possibly the easiest stolen base in history.
18 years ago today Reggie Miller scored 8 points in 18 seconds to beat the Knicks by 2. He was a 1 man army.
Canada's new up and coming sportscaster? I'd say he has a pretty solid shot. Check out his audition
Subotic (Dortmund defender) makes a fantastic last minute save to prevent Munich from scoring
Sorry Bo, and Ichiro, this is the last baseball throw video you ever have to see. (Rick Ankiel)
Red Sox sweep the Rockies for the World Series Title
Hot volleyball bikini babes
NY Giants in 2008 SuperBowl
Green Bay Bikini Girls (PIC)
New York Giants - World Champions
NY Football Giants Win The Super Bowl
Vote: Should Premier League Clubs Play Overseas?
Is there a future for US Soccer?
Winning the Championship=Getting Ass? 
No arms. No legs. No problem.
Pele, Best, Maradona - how does Ronaldo rank against the best?
Eli Manning and Abby McGrew Wedding
Hornets Fans Taunting Tony Parker With Eva Longoria
Kid Can Do It All On One Leg  Baseball, football, soccer -- nothing slows him down
Remembering 10-Cent Beer Night
Wizards' Gilbert Arenas opts out of final year of contract
Euro 2008:  Dutch Get Owned by A Russian Side Managed By a Dutchman
The Red Sox have an enormous number of bandwagon jumpers, but they’ll disappear when the team goes sour.
10 Wheaties boxes you will never see
Baseball Boss: If You Don’t Love Baseball Yet, You Will Now
Carlso Sastre wins Tour de France, Evans second, Kohl third
Typical Steelers Fan [pic]
How my lungs coped with a 10k run round Beijing
Top 10 Olympic Events You Won't See On Primetime TV
USA Loses Gold Medal Softball Game
 The Hottest Olympian Is Paraguay's Leryn Franco 
NFL TV Distribution Maps
The U.S Open has pretty fans
Marvel at This Line: Patriots at Jets (-2.5) the first time the Patriots have been regular season underdogs since 2006, 
Skateboarder Does 62 MPH on Open Highway 
Gold Medals Evidently Don't Make You Very Funny
George Brett Would Like To Tell You About That Time He Pooped His Pants
Oregon State shocks USC 27-21!
Phillies clinch NL East with win over Washington  
Baseball Bats Thrown in Stands [Picture Gallery]
Kimbo Slice and his glass jaw only last 12 seconds at EliteXC against Seth Petruzelli (Video)
At No. 25, Ball State. No Joke! 
Celebrating the 40th Anniversary of the USC Song Girls
Michael Jordan Amazing Golf Chip Shot, Video. It hits nothing but cup. :-)
McCoy and No. 1 Texas rout No. 11 Missouri 
Crimson Tide leads the BCS standings
Kobe Bryant's Alley-Oop Dunk on 11/14 (VIDEO)
Shaq Decks Rodney Stuckey
Easily the most interesting thing you will see at a Denver Nuggets game this year...
Oh How I Hate Ohio State
The Most Memorable Thanksgiving Weekend Play Ever
Ridiculous football dive
Cristiano Ronaldo Wins The French Golden Ball
Hot USC Trojans Fans and Song Girls
Dallas is done with Avery
On this day a savior was born. The savior of the stolen base. Happy Birthday Rickey Henderson.
NFL Post Season Playoff Schedule
Alabama falls to Utah in Sugar Bowl 31-17
San Diego knocks out league MVP Peyton Manning from NFL Playoffs 23-17
Well, NFL Divisional Playoff Round is set!
Letterman's Top 10 1/13/09
Best Running Trails near U.S. Major Cities
Venus Vilijams
See the Comcast Superbowl Porn Flick (SFW)
Why is soccer so unpopular in /r/sports? (stories regularly get downmodded)
Ten Great Basketball Shots to Use in Horse
Hey A-Rod, I just ate a tic tac. I knew it was a tic tac too.
Griffey is a Mariner again!
The greatest slam dunk of all time?
Five reasons for Nedved to retire at the end of the season
MLB Network F Bomb, live on air
Lebron James Farts on Anderson Varejao, I Laugh
Fan Gets Upset With Jose Reyes For Not Speaking English
Reddit NCAA Tournament, aka March Madness. Group #: 55901, Password: reddit
Filling out your bracket? The Scores Report is here to help.
New Jersey goaltender Martin Brodeur has won his 552nd career game, moving past Patrick Roy into first place on the NHL's all-time wins list.
The 20 Most Bizarre Incidents Ever In Soccer
Alex Ovechkin : En Fuego! - Stick catches fire after scoring his 50th Goal
Champions League Quarter Finals Announced
Alyssa Milano Writes Baseball Book | The World According to MoonDog
My new favorite Sport - Bikini Bowling
NFL Commish Wants Longer Football Season |
Discussing John Hollinger's playoff odds
Anna Kournikova in a bathing suit for a photo shoot
Blackhawks and Canucks have a good old fashioned hockey brawl
It's 7 on 7, Fast Paced, Full On Tackle Football. And It's Obviously Played By Beautiful Women.
30 Fatso Nicknames for CC
Anyone else feel like ESPN is really going downhill?  I think it's the whole let's only show A-Rod, Terrell Owens, and uncontested NBA dunks thing.
Bulls beat Celtics 105-103 in OT in Game 1 - Rose scores 36
What ruins running? Shoes.
Mystery at Florida polo match: 21 horses die 
Lions’ approach with No. 1 pick is all wrong
Manchester United to sell Ronaldo for Kaka !
James Jones scores a mind-boggling eight points in 11 seconds [video]
Sergei Fedorov scores game winning goal in game 7.
Olympic Hottie Sasha Cohen returning to the rink
Great Article about NFL Ref Ed Hochuli
Clemens once again refutes steroid allegations
Tim Brown: Al Davis hates black athletes from Notre Dame
What’s wrong with the Lakers?
Kevin Smith on hockey
 Obama Gets Heckled, Commends Notre Dame’s Commitment to Intramural Sports
Jon Gruden joins Monday Night Football team, replacing Tony Kornheiser - ESPN
The Conference Finals: The four trades that got us here
MLB Adjusts Drug Policy To Allow David Ortiz To Take Steroids
Indians overcome 10-run deficit to beat Rays 11-10 - MLB - Yahoo! Sports
There’s a lot on the line for Kobe, LeBron, Melo and D-Ho
Lakers beat the Nuggets, in Finals for 2nd year in a row.
LeBron news unrelated to the handshake: He has been playing with a benign growth on his jaw for several months. It was surgically removed today.
Dallas Morning News columnist suggests that Jerry Jones is broke
What LeBron really meant in his first post-playoff interview
Joe Montana's son headed to Washington.  The 0-12 one.
Skins not interested in taking Vick
USA 2 - Spain 0 (Wow)
USA power their way to 2-0 lead against Brazil in Confederations Cup Final. On course for one of the greatest comebacks in soccer history
Gary Matthews Jr. pulls off a straight steal of home
Top 10 Sports Movies That Make Men Cry, Video
Top 10 In Game Dunks of All-time | The Hoop Doctors
Florida officially declares high school football a coed sport
Josh Beckett For the Cy Young
A Curb Your Enthusiasm-Esque Show About Fantasy Football Coming To FX
Shawne Hitch Merriman
59-Year Old Tom Watson Almost Won The British Open: Ten Reasons To Be Amazed! 
The Top 10 Most Wanted Guest Host List For WWE Monday Night Raw
1903_Tour_de_france.jpg (567×491)
Tim Lincecum Has A Career-High 15 K's vs Pirates
Mark Buehrle set a new MLB record, retiring 45 consecutive batters before finally issuing a walk with two away in the 6th inning of tonight's game 
Brett Favre The Best Fantasy Football Player Ever?
Phil Jackson is a Douche
Blue Jays GM Confirms There Never Really Was A 'Roy Halladay'
Is Stephon Marbury Coming Out of The Closet? [vid]
Five reasons Vick makes sense for the Eagles
Sports Illustrated's Peter King falls out of love with Brett Favre
Plaxico Burress pleads guilty, draws 2-year prison sentence 
Has Vick already violated the terms of his reinstatement?
Woman paints goat in purple and gold, shaves No. 4 into side of it and then takes it to auto body shop. Then things get weird…
12 of the best one-kick knockouts of all-time
New Drink: The Arnold Palmer + 2 Shots of Vodka = The John Daly
High school football player dies in game
California beats Chinese Taipei for Little League World Series crown
Top 20 NFL Jersey Sales Suggest We Are Approaching the Apocalypse
How good does a tennis pro have to be to make a living? 
Spaghetti Stringing.  Turned top tennis pros into cupcakes in the 70s.
Victim in alleged Marvin Harrison shooting dies
I thought I had seen all the web had to offer... Then, Squirrel Fishing
Week 1 Fantasy Football Roundup
Steelers and Titans are both looking tough tonight.  What's your favorite NFL team?
Renault handed suspended F1 ban
McD over Belichick as Broncos defeat Pats 20-17
Syringes found: Lance Armstrong's team investigated 
U.S. Soccer Star Charlie Davies Injured In Car Accident, Out Indefinitely Including Wednesday's Game Versus Costa Rica
9 goals in 9 minutes: everything is possible in Brazil
Monday Night Football's Play-by-Play Man in China Airs it Out (interview transcript)
5 Things Less Painful to Watch Than the Bears
Rampage Jackson: UFC Looked Like A**holes
Phillies win 8-6 on Utley's 2 HRs
Red Sox Yankees Rivalry
Kansas City Chiefs cut disgruntled RB Larry Johnson - USATODAY.com
New Zealand has beaten Bahrain 1-0 to qualify for the FIFA World Cup
Manning leads the Colts back from a 17 point deficit to defeat the Patriots 35-34
To all Irish football enthusiasts: we are ashamed and not celebrating. Signed: The French not playing last night.
As a SF native, U of Washington grad, and stoner, I am very happy to announce that Tim Lincecum has won the NL Cy Young for the second year in a row.
Don't Forget That Brock Lesnar Is Bad-Ass
Why the fuck didn't LSU go for a field goal with 1 second on the clock, trailing 23-25? I'm stumped.
At age 40, Brett Favre may now be peaking
Of the Top 13 schools only 4 teams have a SOS in the top 1/3rd of College Football.
Disgruntled Oakland Raiders fans raise money and post a billboard asking owner Al Davis to hire a GM
The uneasy truth behind Tim Donaghy's allegations
Bengals WR Chris Henry in serious condition after accident, injuries life threatening
Ndamukong Suh Is Better Than Your Entire Defensive Line - Finally some context outside the Texas game droolers.
Inspired by every Nuggets game I've watched (plus tonight's game against the Blazers), I think Chris Andersens new nickname should be douche man
Chris Johnson Breaks 2,000 Yards in a Season
Watching the BCS Championship makes me feel...FUCK!!!!!!... Conned... How is this even close to being in the realm of reality?
The case against Donovan McNabb was made most convincingly here last night by Donovan McNabb.
Gaines Adams (Bears DE) dead at 26 years old.. 
Derrick Rose Monster 2-Handed Slam Dunk (Video)
Only one ESPN expert has more right guesses that wrong ones in the playoffs.
DAE think Joe Buck and Troy Aikman are the worst 
announcing pair in TV?
Minnesota radio call for Favre's INT
Man attacks wife with knife for cancelling ESPN
Pitt to Join the Big 10! [Rumor]
Donte Stallworth is being reinstated to the NFL after driving drunk and killing a 60 year old man. Just a reminder that Plaxico Burress is still rotting in a cell for shooting himself in the leg.
New Jersey Nets season summed up with this defensive rebound attempt (video)
Chris Bosh: The Other Guy
Worst Olympic Event Attempt Ever [video]
Christmas for Hockey Fans - Today is Trade Deadline Day! 
Hey Reddit soccer fans, what is your favorite goal?  Here's one of mine.
Seriously - does ANYONE care about womens basketball?  Even a little bit?
VIDEO: CC Sabathia Murders U.S. Soldier (in video game promo)
Tom Izzo and Michigan State do it again.. Why do I not take them to the final 4 every year??
I don't like the Cowboys at all but Romo seems like a classy guy.
Ohio State Buckeyes' Evan Turner is AP's Player of the Year - ESPN
In Seattle we really haven't gotten over the whole Sonics moving thing.  The guy in the picture is Clay Bennet, owner of the Oklahoma City Hijakers.
Here's A Preview of Sunday.
Chan Ho Park has a lot of diarrhea
Dana White and his Yahoo goons need to apologize to Anderson Silva
Top 15 Hottest NBA WAG's of All-Time
Interesting trend to Giants' scores
18-year-old Ryo Ishikawa shoots 12-under 58, the lowest score ever on a major golf tour. 
Isaiah Mustafa Explores his Acting Range on ESPN, Video
Lawrence Taylor arrested for rape
Chicago Blackhawks advance to Western Conference Finals, defeating Vancouver 5-1
Charles Barkley calls all San Antonio women fat
Elin Nordegren Divorce Demands Reach $750 Million
United States lose 4-2 in World Cup warm-up
Woody Harrelson, International Soccer Star
Deadspin: This Is Pete Rose's Corked Bat
Referees are ruining the NBA
 Blog Archive  Team USA supporters among the best at fans&amp;#039; World Cup &amp;laquo Blogs
Lakers repeat as world champs.
who else thinks kobe did it?
Brazil beat Ivory Coast 3-1 and stayed in cruise control throughout the match. Luis Fabiano scored twice for Dunga’s side before midfielder Elano made it three to seal their place in the second round, although Didier Drogba grabbed a late consolation and Kaka was sent off for a second yellow card.
Barefoot Wizards: The moving story of an Indian football team that once reigned over all of Asia
Argentina Wins 2:0 over Greece. Go Argentina!!
Wimbledon is a major test for dads who are playing
WTF ESPN? I didn't have to do this yesterday.
FUCK YEAH USA! I OFFICIALLY LIKE SOCCER!
If New Zealand can play like they have thus far, they stand every chance of picking up another draw. One feels a tough 1-0 defeat may await them though.
Wanna get pumped up for USA-Ghana? Watch this.
Following France’s ludicrous implosion and England’s potentially fatal crash to finish top of their group, Uruguay and South Korea know that their quarter of the draw has opened up nicely
Dear FIFA: Fuck you and your refs.
Lack of video technology is keeping the game in the stone age. Some incidents represent an unexplainable deficiency in the World game and that is the lack of video technology which would see poor decisions, like the two yesterday, being stamped out of the game.
The parade of abysmally awful calls continues.  Safe?  Really?
LeBron James to announce decision during one hour special on ESPN. Thurs @ 9PM est
Lebron to turn down an extra $29 million to join Chris Bosh and Dwyane Wade in Miami. Most likely coached by Pat Riley. WOW. 
Who will be the Miami player to have sex with Lebron's Mother?
karate kick - netherlands vs spain
7 Athletes Whose Careers Ended Before They Started
Miguel Ángel Jiménez Amazing Off the Wall Shot 
WTF: Darrius Heyward-Bey makes more money than Albert Pujols. Seriously.
Jennie Finch Retires From Lists Of World's Hottest Female Athletes | The Onion - America's Finest News Source
Brandon Morrow has a no-hitter through 8 against the Rays right now
Obama hanging out with his favourite Bulls
If Jordan was a pussy too (part 2)
Close But No Cigar: Comics depicting the almost no-hitters in baseball 2010
Brett Favre's retirement curve
I dont always agree with Jason Whitlock, but I think he hits the nail pretty hard on the head here about Elin. 
Arizona Cardinals cut QB Matt Leinart
The world of Motorcycle Grand Prix Racing is in mourning following the death of Japanese rider Shoya Tomizawa at the San Marino Grand Prix.
2010 Draft Prep: Foster is steal of the summer...
Great article about the potential upcoming NFL lockout
Good thing training camp doesn't matter for Favre like the experts said it didn't
The story of Eric Show, the pitcher who gave up Pete Rose's 4192th hit.  A long, sad read, but very, very well written.
The Detroit Lions got robbed!
Radio Announcer Jack Clark goes on epic rant against St. Louis Cardinals; describes effort as playing with poopy in their pants...skid marks in their britches. [video]
Peyton Manning, who looks like he's 12, poses in the Tennessee locker room in 1995.
The NFL should institute mandatory, immediate suspensions for DUIs that are commensurate with punishment for PEDs.
Anyone else see the FSU coach slap the shit out of the kicker after they went up 34 - 7?  Front and backhanded..with no helmet on.  
I laughed a lot harder at this than i should have.
Bears vs Giants: 9 sacks in a half?! Are you fucking kidding me?
Flacco to Houshmandzadeh via Tecmo Super Bowl
Dream big, computer programmers: Linebacker Maurice Simpkins thrilled to get called up to the Green Bay Packer's active roster considering a year ago he was working full-time as a computer programmer. 
Now this is dedication to one's job.
12 Of The Craziest On Field Meltdowns
The travesty that was Lakers-Kings Western Conference Final Game 6 in 2002. Kings get robbed. Be sure to watch all 3 parts (other two are in the 'suggestions' sidebar)
Brett Favre Gets Injured in Patriot Game [video]
Two problems I have with tonight's World Series game...
Randy Moss is a Titan.  Chris Johnson fantasy owners everywhere rejoice!
Does this happen often? I've never seen this. 
Have Savard emails exposed NHL's Colin Campbell as corrupt?
Show the US team some love!
I believe that's what they call a knockout
Ronaldo's AMAZING soccer goal, only to be ruined by teammate. [vid]
Philip Rivers is an outstanding QB who throws lots of touchdowns...he just celebrates them very awkwardly.
Another Reason to Hate the Ohio State University. In the interest of full disclosure I attended an SEC school. 
Auburn comes back from 21 down to win the Iron Bowl. An instant classic. Too bad it will get vacated in 5 months.
It's kinda refreshing that with so many athletes crediting god with wins, Stevie Johnson blames him in a loss
College football: Where the Big 10 has 12 teams, the Big 12 has 10 teams, and TEXAS Christian University is in the Big EAST.
This website never gets old (as a Charger fan)
Barkley on the Heat: That's bogus. Eric Spoelstra has nothing to do with this. This is on those players
Does this song ruin ESPN for anyone else?
Seeing as how Mike Shanahan just benched Donovan McNabb for Rex Grossman (seriously), this just became infinitely funnier.
Just watched the ending to the Heat-Wizards game...
Today's New York Post cover
DeSean Jackson tryin to pimp his Jersey at Modells. Look out Danny Woodhead!
 Unpopular NHL Teams Nearly Outdrawn By Minor League Counterparts
I know it's old but it puts me close to tears every time I watch it
Wow. The Sugar Bowl was a crazy game.
In 'Onion SportsDome,' Sports Culture In Play. The already successful, and often hilarious Onion sports website has been turned into a half hour prime-time show on Comedy Central. 
Football &amp; LSD
I just realized I congratulated an acquaintance on Facebook about Auburn winning the national championship after having let his marriage and first child go by without saying anything.
So much for Matty Ice.. [pic]
Bears have brought Seahawks back down to earth with fellow earthlings
Dear college basketball teams, please stop with the giant crazy logos taking up 90% of the floor.
Aaron Rodgers &gt; Jay Cutler
Bears, Noooooooooooo!
In light of the possible NFL lockout, remember the possibilities...
KG To Laker Ballboy Trying To Get Ball Signed – “You’ve got a better chance of catching Bin Laden”
Its Official....In 2013 the San Diego Chargers are moving to LA. Stadium to be right downtown near Staples Center
Which Reality Show Ho Should Shaq Marry: Hoopz or Natalie Nunn? (Pics)
Crazy Carlo 
Football is a sport involving a black/white, round, ball, two goals, and 22 players who move said ball with their feet. Hence football. What you yanks are referring to is goonegg, as coaches move an egg by means of goons. I rest my case.
You think you seen it all at the end of a basketball game, but look at this french buzzer beater.
Last Shot
Andy Roddick calls this the best shot of his career. I’m impressed. [vid]
YouTube talking to NBA and NHL for streaming games
Tell em why you mad Bosh!
Think the Heat are devastated after blowing yet another game? You'd be right.
Hey r/sports, you guys should check out this awesome subreddit called r/miamiheat.....wait....
Did the Heat cry last night?
They Ruined The Goddamn Bracket
The Bulls are demolishing the Hawks.  I think we finally have a real favorite to win the NBA title.
How I feel about Opening Day
Rejected

Here you go.... PSYCHE! 
I know most of you don't give a shit about this...but FUCK YEAH LADY AGGIES!!!
Starlin Castro takes a pickoff throw DIRECTLY to the face
Not Clutch
This is what Russell Westbrook looks like coming at you. Notice his face on the replay.
On the Soccer vs. Football debate: Does soccer generate more interest in America that football generates in the rest of the world?
LeBron James: [Cleveland] wasn't my city. It wasn't my team either... I was just a player, you know, I helped get that franchise to leaps and bounds that they haven't seen before.
San Antonio Spur's Gary Neal saves the season.
To anyone trying to defend soccer as being exciting: look at this bullshit
Biceps bigger than my head
Phillies fans react to the news of Osama Bin Laden's death
Thanks, Boston Herald, for the most misleading headline in recent memory.
Kobe now 6 of 23 in playoff game winning shot situations
Justice Department opens antitrust inquiry into NCAA Bowl system
The D in D Rose stands for DOMINATION. Bulls win Game 3 99-82.
Glenallen Hill attempts the 'Double Al Bundy'
Kenny Smith gets pranked on air
For the first time in 20 years we will not have an NBA finals with Jordan, Hakeem, Duncan, Kobe, or Shaq playing
Alec Baldwin and John Krasinski in Yankees vs Red Sox, One Hitter Commercial
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar complains since the Lakers have not built him a statue yet
Super Mom
Nike set to sell the Kevin Durant backpack. No word on whether it will last more than one year in school.
Miami Heat logo looks like a pacifier
South Park owned the NCAA tonight...
I watched that soccer game ESPN was hyping and here is what I (and likely most of Americans) think on why soccer will never be accepted here
dirka dirka
Miami Heat Fan Is Happy
I can't wait until Shaq joins the TNT broadcast booth next season...
Really, ESPN? You had to grill a 13-year-old at the spelling bee like he was, you know, an actual pro athlete?
Want to upend Lucic? You're getting the water squirt.
I am a Canucks fan.....
Madden 12 is going to be sick. Sidenote: As a packer fan I can have a man crush on Clay Matthews and not question my sexuality.
Pippen and Kareem to LeBron, “We’re not so different, you and I.”

First his Mom and now his girlfriend!  It's almost enough to make you feel sorry for Lebron. 
Incredibly, Gilbert Arenas is a more loathesome idiot than I thought.
Lebron is constantly compared to Jordan and other basketball greats, but I think he compares best to a baseball player...
I would not want to be Kyrie Irving in a couple of days...[x-post from r/nba]
The New England Patriots have the longest Championship drought in Boston. 
NBA Payrolls...didn't realize the disparity between Dallas/Miami until today. Also, CHI/OKC cashed in this season...
Steve Nash is pretty good at . . . soccer, apparently.
Who else loved the best cartoon about the real Big 3? [pic]
Match Thread: (Gold Cup: FINAL) United States vs. Mexico [9:00PM EDT / 6:00PM PDT] (Crosspost from /r/soccer)
2011 NBA Free Agency: Ranking the top-tier free agents
Walking 4 Lou . Former US Soldier is walking 400 miles in a throwback Yankees Uniform(Lou's) to raise awareness for Lou Gehrigs Disease.He's on day 2,get this out there to help him along the way.
Michael Irvin poses on cover of gay magazine Out
A positive outlook on the Woman's World Cup via Kenny Powers
Is soccer the only sport where women play on a similar level as men?
Scumbag Sports Fan

Worst defensive play I've ever seen (gif)
Jets Keep Santonio Holmes in 5-year deal
Cullen Jenkins, Philadelphia Eagles agree to 5-year, $25M deal, source says - ESPN
The worst - most adorable -  team ever!
Both Willie Mays (in 1979) and Mickey Mantle (in 1983) were banned from Major League Baseball because of their associations with casinos. They were reinstated in 1985.
ESPN posts an article on its front page about a soccer team signing a 7 year old as a prospect, and the comments immediately flood with people debating the merits of soccer. Why does this happen, and only with soccer?
Oregon Uniforms for LSU game
Russia - which will host the World Cup in 2018 - has major problems with racist soccer fans.  Some fans throw bananas at black players, leading Russia to consider banning the fruit at games there.
Arsenal might have some issues...
121 Professional Vintage Sport Photos Taken Before 1925
Let the push-ups begin!
Hipster Wayne Chrebet
Half-Court Shot Master Gets A Scholarship, And It’s Heartwarming
Alexander Galimov, the lone survivor of the KHL's Lokomotiv team, dies of severe burns from last week's plane crash. One flight crew member remains in intensive care.
Ladies and Gentleman...Kyle Orton!
Glenn Rice and Sarah Palin had a one night stand. Or so Glenn Rice, supposedly says to that dude who moved next door to the Palins
Fuck BYU. They got what they deserved.
Who would like to see a Bills vs Lions Super Bowl this year ???
Still one of the best NFL plays ever. Flutie drop kick.
YOU should retire
Top Spanish matador Juan Jose Padilla gored through head by bull [pic NSFL]
Best Catch I've ever seen
Any foreign Redditors out there? I'm curious, what is your opinion of American Sports?
UConn President Says Let Her Dummies Play In The Tournament This Year  
Free Beer Salutes John Daly
Top 10 NFL Fights thus far...
Gem in a NFL AFC North Blog
Paterno, Spanier fired from Penn State
TIL The Prosecutor that Declined to Press Charges on Sandusky in 1998 Mysteriously Went Missing
Penn State Sex Abuse Scandal Flow Chart (GRAPHIC DETAILS)
Penn State [real] reactions to this nightmare.
Is it just me or has the whole country forgot about being innocent before proven guilty? Why such haste with the Penn State scandal when so much is unknown?
The Big Ten has announced that it has removed Paterno’s name from the conference’s championship trophy, effective immediately
Bernie Fine, assistant coach at Syracuse University, is the newest victim of cries of molestation, many years after the alleged fact.
TIL that Thursday will be the SECOND TIME that the undefeated NFL champion Packers will play in Detroit on Thanksgiving (x-post from TIL)
Pakistan Wins
Its finally over....The NBA Lockout.
Urban Meyer
Kubiak confirms Leinart done for season, won’t rule out Favre
Ladies and Gentlemen, Boys and Girls, I present to you: The Pharaoh of the Paint, The Torture Chamber Technician, The Post Move Messiah, and occasional Cheers guest star: Keviiin McHaaale!
Spud Webb ain't got shit on this guy...
I've seen a lot of memorable moments in a lot of Super Bowls, but this one will always stand apart for me.
Orlando Magic CEO to resign after drunk dialing Dwight Howard at 1 a.m.
LA Angels message to Rangers fans today
Anyone else think the NBA acts more like a fantasy league than a real one?
Tyson Chandler is going to the Knicks. Knicks will waive Billups and trade Ronny Turiaf
What just happened to The Bears?
Tim Tebow's Greatest Fan
Debunking the myths of Tim Tebow - Good article from Yahoo! Sports &amp; I'm not a Tebow fan
Tebow, with God on his side, hath fallen to the Patriots (41-23)....LOL
Looks like Jesus likes Brady better than Tebow. Take a tebow Tim, Brady's better.
Nolan Ryan and Robin Ventura in RBI baseball
My friend's family really likes Tim Tebow...
Kobe Bryant shows off his new Lakers jersey
Goodbye Adrian Peterson. It was an absolute thrill to 
watch you play the game. 
RoboDuck
Sports fan first world problems...
One of the greatest athletes of all time. This video should give you chills.
Slow day at work...until this curve ball
Photo bombing the clubhouse at the Winter Classic.
Why I'm Not Mad at Jordan Williamson - a great article written by a good friend of mine about Stanford football.
LeBron James rejects his $3,500 birthday cake, as the baker gets angry - Ball Don't Lie - NBA Blog
TIL in the 1970's Marvin Gaye tried out for the Detroit Lions, only to later include Lions players as backup singers in his music. [x-post from TIL]
Is this really the best picture of Jared Sullinger they could have used?
I'm calling it now. Worst championship game ever. 
Congrats to Alabama! 21-0 over Lsu. First shutout in BCS Championship history.
Tom Brady and God
Neither LeBron or Wade have made a three pointer this season 
Former Olympic swimmer Janet Evans is making a comeback bid at 40 to qualify for 2012 Olympics
Nostradamus predicted Tebow winning a SuperBowl?
Is anyone else cheering for Denver and Tebow simply for trolling purposes?
If there ever was any doubt, it's now official: This guy is an idiot.
Volleyball Level: Asian
Champion skier Sarah Burke passes away
Nice job ESPN
Joe Paterno, former Penn state coach, has died today. #Pennstatescandal
Gentlemen, I give you, the real Billy Cundiff.
One does not simply
I hate you, ESPN. You suck, and your broadcasting decisions suck ass. 
The Top 10 SportsCenter commercials according to the ad agency who made them over the past 17 years
Nasty scorpion kick goal
UFC's Roy Nelson's Gruesome Head Cut [Pic]
What it's like being neither a Giants nor Patriots fan in a New England office today
The Truth About Jeremy Lin
ATTN R/Sports: ESPN/INSIDER FOR $3.99!!! I just got this. Use the promo code SPORTS and it knocks the price to $3.99
The Other Guys
What if Tim Tebow had a baby with Jeremy Lin?
Jeremy Lin.
Okay Reddit, GO!  Tell me the most ridiculous play on words involving Jeremy Lin you'll hear tomorrow.
ESPN let's racial slur slip into one of it's headlines, Chink in the Armor.
ESPN fires writer of offensive headline about Jeremy Lin
This made me laugh more than it should have.
The Ex-ESPN Editor Who Wrote The Offensive Jeremy Lin Headline Has Explained Himself In A Heartfelt Statement
Ryan Braun wins appeal and will not be suspended for fifty games this season
USMNT beats Italy 1-0 for FIRST TIME EVER!
Goals of the week
Are the Klitschko brothers that good? Or are their opponents just not that great?
Designated Hitter coming to the NL?
Color-coded graphic of all shots taken in NBA from 2006 to 2011
This Peyton Manning press conference is actually pretty sad.
Let's play rugby...WITH STUN GUNS!  Leave it to the Thai.
APOEL Nicosia 1 Lyon 0 (agg 1-1, 4-3 on pens): Spot-kick king Chiotis sends Cypriots into quarter-finals
Knicks' Smith fined 25K for tweet of semi-nude woman

Derisively refers to Ohio State as 'Ohio'...
Indian Wells 2012 Semi Final Review - Djokovic vs Isner
This guy...
March is the only month anyone cares about this guy
Warriors fans set new bar for classlessness in sports. Boo Chris Mullin's jersey retirement ceremony
Today in sports history...1897
Best way to deal with that painful MSU loss...
If you forgot what state Syracuse is in...
The relationship I want to see happen in sports.
Masters top 10 most influential people
Leafs Fans Chant Let's Go Blue Jays during 7-1 loss to the Flyers
Pete Spratt’s Insane Spinning Back Fist KO 
A few pictures from last night's Yankees vs. Marlins exhibition at Marlins Park (x-post from r/baseball)
How an MMA Champ Pumps Gas [pic]
Sorry Jeter...
Jeremy Lin CNN From Harvard to NBA Interview / 2012
I believe many of you will agree...
Jalen Rose Called Out Skip Bayless's High School Hoops Fantasy And Bayless Confessed
Is Today – April 11th, 2012 – The Most Sad, Pathetic Day In ESPN History?
Cristiano Ronaldo's wet dream of orgasmic proportions free kick
Cleveland Cavs Mascot Moondog Sent to Emergency Room After David West Punched Him In the Face and Broke His Eye Socket
Wish all baseball players did this
RIP Dwayne Schintzius - the 43yo 7'2 275-lb NBA center died from respiratory failure today 
Good luck to all of the fine citizens of Vancouver BC!
How I feel about the FC Barcelona vs. Real Madrid game today
Report: Saints General Manager allegedly had an electronic device in his Superdome suite that allowed him to eavesdrop on the conversations of visiting coaches for nearly three seasons
What baseball team should I root for?
Future ESPN 30 for 30 (2019): Lebron James &amp; Tiger Woods
Do these ESPN New York set steps even lead anywhere?
Bitter much?
I'll Have Another wins the Kentucky Derby
the Bulls aren't even trying anymore..
No longer on 'Dry Island'
Guinness recognizes surfer for riding 78-ft. wave
The proper way to react to Aguero's season winning goal
Why do refs let travelling like this occur?  LeBron receives a pass at the 3 point line and dunks.  He didn't dribble once. (Sorry for shitty quality, ESPN Streaming sucks)
Eric Hassli's amazing goal from last night's Vancouver Whitecaps vc Toronto FC game
The Wink after HARD fouling Stephenson!
Great act of sportsmanship after two massive hits.
People in California are having a hard time understanding Tom Brady's accent...
I know why they do this, but I really hate it
Charlotte Bobcats offering two for one SEASON TICKETS! (i.e. if you buy 2012-2013 season tickets, you get the entire 2013-2014 season for free)
Six pitchers combined to finish six inning no-hitter after getting hurt before the 7th inning in Seattle mariners VS. Los Angeles dodgers
Good Team New Jersey
Alex Rodriguez ties Lou Gehrig for most grand slams in baseball history
I hate Kobe, but this is boss.
The sexiest back-heel goal you'll ever see
Oh Lebron James is injured? Let's go to commercial and give him time to recover. 
Prepare yourselves
The hypocrisy of MJ fans/LeBron haters.
Am I the only Cleveland fan who is actually happy LeBron won his first championship?
Jerry Sandusky on Suicide Watch 
Favorite thing about curling: microphones on all the time....shitballs
In the worst blown call of the season, DeWayne Wise doesn't even come up with the ball but is credited with the catch anyway (video)
This is how I feel every year watching Wimbledon
Snoop Dogg's loyalty for today's game is clear
Metta WorldPeace goes into mental breakdown over trade.
NFL owner Robert Kraft wants to put a NFL team in London. Will it succeed?
Sports related Twitter record broken on Sunday
Best Trick Play Out in Baseball You'll See All Day.  Guaranteed.
sad and painful way to end a career.
Report Finds Penn St. Senior Leaders Disregarded Safety, Welfare of Sandusky's Victims - ABC News
TVs at Penn State student center suddenly switched to public access right when the Freeh Report was released. 
TIL in Hockey it is a penalty for the goalie to advance the puck past centre ice, also Patrick Roy has sick handles
Spike Lee catches thrown bat at a Yankees game.
Straight from the mothership - Sam Cassalien
My instant reaction to the Ichiro trade
Officially, the biggest douche in Pennsylvania
Looks like I missed a hell of a game.
In one of the more bizarre moves in Olympic history, the North Korean women’s soccer team refused to take the field Wednesday night.
Ohhhh Brian
The case against Joe Paterno: Weak to non-existent on the current record
Remember how Jesse Owens embarrassed Hitler at the Olympics? That's only the 13th greatest moment is US Summer Olympics history. 
Blind Archer = 1st World Record of '12 Olympics
I've played a lot of sports in my 20 years, and I've come to the belief that scoring a goal in soccer has to be the greatest, singular non situational event one can accomplish. What's yours and why?
Someone is mad they are down by 3 goals
'Merica: Bringing home the gold in being fat, this year and all years. [nsfw, kinda]
As an American, I wanted Phelps to dominate the 200M Butterfly and take the gold, but after seeing the pure joy on Chad le Clos' face after he won, I couldn't be happier for him. This is what makes the Olympics so great.
Michael Phelps and Roger Federer join ranks of Babe Ruth, Michael Jordan as greatest in history of their sport
NBC's Olympic Coverage is now the worst I've ever NOT SEEN!
More than HALF of America's medals have come from swimming. Are there way too many swimming events?
Further proof that Bill Belichick gives zero fucks...
How all Olympic Tweets should be...
Jerry Sandusky's dream
Epic rant after the Mets get swept (4games) by the Rockies.
How I feel when someone is talking about Notre Dame football
Better go grab this Randy Ross guy!
Satellite images of Sao Paulo's misshapen soccer fields
Longshot. Does anyone have a live stream of the GAA final between Donegal &amp; Mayo? 
For any Patriots fans out there...wasn't even close 
Packers considering kneeing on all plays in upcoming games if referee issue isn't fixed
Ermahgerd, Blaine Gerbert
Great shot of my brother winning a race
Slightly Disturbing photo from Yankees Celebration
The U.S. Anti-Doping Agency says 11 of Lance Armstrong's former teammates testified against him in its investigation of the cyclist
Such is life in the Baltimore Orioles organization.
Verlander gives Oakland fans advice
Just expressing my feelings toward one of my buddies after the Tigers beat the Yankees last night hahah
Head Injuries Rattle Even Devout Football Parents  
I film and edit high school football games into team highlights. Someone told me I should share.
Bradley Wiggins at the Pride of Britain awards I've won more Tours than Lance Armstrong now, which is brilliant
Announcer predicts unpredictable
Brother started shaving his legs for cycling. First thing he says. 
Cheering on your country is a good way to start watching rugby. USA v Russia &amp; Canada v Samoa are the two matches today.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic Beautiful Goal 4-2 - Sweden Vs England bicycleta - YouTube
Pop Warner football: Kids should not be allowed to put on helmets and knock each other in the head. - Slate Magazine
With all the information coming out about Jerramy Stevens, what are some other athletes that we should be aware of?
Rick Reilly claims ‘credit’ for Roethlisberger injury story, earns Steve Young Death Stare
It wasn't too long ago this guys jersey was worn by everyone, now they're on sale at Goodwill..
Somebody loves turkey
Anyone else hate Skip Bayless?
Yeah, total coincidence this is the week Phil Simms comes out and criticizes Eli.
Javon Bechler, a KC Chiefs player kills girlfriend then take his life at team facility
Wtf?
Bad day (xpost from /rfunny)
Johnny Manziel becomes first freshman to win the Heisman
Federer &amp; Pelé
Chilling eyewitness account says Josh Brent initially reluctant to tend to Jerry Brown
Kobe Bryant: I wish we had the Washington Generals on our schedule.” Check him out as a Globetrotter!
Bears Part Ways with Lovie Smith
How I feel today as a football fan
Notre_Dame_fans.gif
Ray Lewis gives Peyton Manning a love slap after the game.
Remember that time Ray Lewis killed a guy?
Lance Armstrong apologizes to staff
Take a look behind the benches of what goes into the production of a professional hockey game.
Conspiracy
The Seattle Supersonics are coming back!
Mike Eruzione, captain of the USA's 1980 Miracle on Ice team, to auction off his jersey, stick, and other Olympic memorabilia.
SEND MY PARENTS TO THE SUPERBOWL!! :D
Carmelo Anthony's 42 Points Lifts Knicks Over Hawks [VIDEO]
FeBrees
Superbowl Win
Met Dan Rooney owner of the Pittsburgh steelers and got him to sign my hat!
Michael Jordan Has Not Left The Building - A Profile of Jordan at 50
Happy 50th birthday to one of the greats, and one of my childhood heroes, Michael Jordan
This might be the worst free throw ever...like legitimately ever
U.S. Redditors, if you find soccer boring, today may be the day. In a few minutes the wolrd's most anticipated soccer game will start : Barcelone vs. Madrid. You can watch it on streaming, just google it.
Selling Johnny Football
Is this the most convoluted and idiotic promotion ever? 
The immortal commentary of Seppo Räty, Finnish javelin thrower, former World Champion, three-time Olympic medalist, European Champion and former holder of a world record
Football player stripped of scholarship spent 5 years in prison on false rape accusation, false accuser wont be punished. 
FGCU might have been eliminated last night, but you can't stop us from dropping fat beats.
An Easter Turnover
Epic Dribbling! Goalkeeper Christoffer Källqvist (Hacken) nutmegs Mjallby forward Marcus Ekenberg
Commander Hadfield discusses NHL with a via Twitter and calculates how far the ISS has travelled in orbit since the Leafs lade made the playoffs. Twitter is awesome.
ACC schools grant media rights to the conference, making it almost fiscally impossible to leave
Awesome sign from last nights O's game
It seems like the only fair way to me
ESPN Sportscaster, Chris Broussard, Immediately Trashes First Out NBA Player: Jason Collins Is Not ‘A Christian’
Mayweather vs Guerrero. Guerrero's Dad calls Mayweather a women beater at prefight conference
The San Diego Padres just scored a run in an inning with 4 K's, no walks, and not one ball in play.
Robert Griffin III’s knee surgery rehabilitation has been shrouded in secrecy
I sure hope this guy makes the Majors - check out Coastal Carolina (college) star Alex Buccilli's crazy but effective batting stance. So far it is working - he's batting 280 for the year with 27 rbi's
5 Reasons NOT to Watch This Year’s NBA Finals
Red Sox Cream Indians and Advance to World Series
Fixed Games, Cocaine Use, Now Poisoning...What is going on with Professional Tennis?
Michigan Hires West Virginia's Rodriguez
New England Patriots now 18-0 and on their way to another Super Bowl!  Perfection is now only one game away! 
NBA Star Gilbert Arenas used girlfriend's rusty razor to shave 'down there'
8 years of cheating in the NFL and you lose 2 stinking draft picks?
Sports Illustrated is going to open their Vault free of charge
Lower Pitcher's Mound Will Reduce Baseball Injuries - Study
Michael McDowell's Spectacular NASCAR Crash Video
Toronto Maple Leafs fire coach Paul Maurice
Cancer survivor Jon Lester throws no hitter
Baptism at Fenway Park
The 11 Coolest Helmets in Pro Football History
EURO 2008 : Poland v Germany
Ken Griffey Jr. Joins 600 Club (Who's Next?)
The NBA game-fixing scandal just got a lot more serious,
EURO 2008: Portugal 2-3 Germany
The Hottest Golfer In The World?
Sprinter sets new 100 meter record only to be voided because it was windy 
Mark Cuban Buys Sports
Bake Me Out at the Ballgame: The Yankee Stadium Sunscreen Ban
My rec league hockey team needs a name, and a logo.  Highest (publicily acceptable prefered) voted response will be what we put on our jerseys &amp; pictures will follow.
China Bars Gold Medalist
Find the Ball in these Olympic Pictures [answer in following pic]
No love for Jordan or Bryant:  Phil Jackson says the greatest athlete he's coached is Dennis Rodman.
Manchester City Madness!!! Team sold, then new owners buy Robinho all on last day of transfer window
Brett Favre Getting That Retirement Itch Again 
Finally! Some hockey.  NHL Network will be broadcasting the Traverse City Tournament
Jay Cutler is in better shape than John Elway.
Cheerleader outfits too skimpy? 
Absolutely incredible catch
Raiders fire Kiffin 4 games into second season 
Best Football Spike Of All Time
The Angels’ John Lackey shows no grace as the Halos lose to the Red Sox again.
Openly Gay Olympic Diver Saddened By Lack of Out Olympians
Tebow, Gators rout defending champ LSU 51-21 
Any football match in France before which the country's national anthem is booed will now be immediately stopped, and government members will leave the arena.
The 25 NFL Cheerleader Halloween Costumes
Penn St scores last 10 to win, 13-6 
Hardest Hitter in the NHL Ever: Scott Steven's Top 10 Best Hits
David Loy Wins The Damn Am Skateboard Competition At Volcom
Jared Lorenzen has 28 career passing yards, 1 Superbowl Ring, ans some great nicknames...(take that Bret Favre)
10 Scenes From Sports Movies That Will Really Pump You Up
The Onion: BCS Picture Made Clearer By Pretending Certain Teams Don't Exist
New York Giants receiver Plaxico Burress suffered an accidental gunshot wound Friday night in a club, according to multiple sources
Aussie golfer's sex change rankles team
Billy Ripken Fuck Face obscenity bat: he finally talks 20 years later 
Insane Skills With A 15 Ton Front Loader 
Quiz | How many NHL hockey teams can you name?
Brian Urlacher son's mother arrested
Shaun Ellis fined $10,000 for throwing snowball at a fan
Peyton Manning Wins Third MVP
Sport of the Samurai Still Thrives in Japan
Arizona WR Larry Fitzgerald can catch a football with his eyes closed. Literally.
Pittsburghs Goin' To the Superbowl.  Here We Go!
10 Examples of the Super Bowl Halftime Curse
6 Vitamin Water flavors contain banned substances.  Seriously.
Exclusive Interview w/ Lance Armstrong interview: On Twitter, transparency and time trials (Part 1) 
Thrilling Grand Canyon Hiking Trails
Why Guus Hiddink should use Anelka - Drogba pair at Chelsea
A player goes on a Soccer Style Breakaway, at a Hockey Game!
Jarron Gilbert jumps out of pool.  Stock rises in NFL draft.
Shaquille O’Neal Goes Bowling for Teammates! Video
As if the Minnesota Timberwolves Weren’t Pathetic Enough…
John Calipari considers Kentucky job
MLB Opening day getting closer as Oakland A's move to San Jose does the same
 Top 12 signs that you really haven't been following baseball 
Bulls' Derrick Rose named NBA Rookie of the Year
UNIforms -- Not So Much
Perfect shot: Golfer with one arm and one eye gets hole in one
Peyton and Eli Manning Play Tennis vs Williams Sisters, DSRL Video
What happened to the Spurs?
Owned
Athletes and Twitter: The Good and Bad
10 MLB players to root for in the steroid era
Michael Jordan Jersey in Miami: A Classic NBA WTF
Big Papi: ‘I would beat the crap out of a teammate who tipped pitches’
Former Buffalo Bills QB J.P. Losman is annoyed with the L.A. Times' Laker coverge, comments in editorial section
Player: Red Sox Taught Players To Use Steroids
Top 10 Impact Defensive Rookies for the 2009 NFL Season
NHL Eliminates Sticks, Expands Goal Zone To Encourage More Touchdowns
Steroid dealer claims he sold to Nationals, Capitals players
What a Douche... [gif]
 Dwight Howard is Rick James, B#$@!
Westbrook has successful ankle surgery
Manny: ‘I didn’t kill or rape anyone.’
NBA Draft: The top 10 first round steals of the last 10 years
Bzzzzzzzzzz... Ban the vuvuzela (those horrific air horns) and save the World cup 2010!
William &amp; Mary College to change mascot…considering certain vegetable side dishes
Michael Llodra's crash with ballgirl - Wimbledon 2009 [VID]
Rivera gets his 500th save AND his first RBI.  Yankees Sweep Mets.
Roger Federer, the Ironman of tennis, reaches his 21st straight Grand Slam semifinals, beating hard-serving Ivo Karlovic in straight sets
Cheers overshadow boos in Manny Ramirez's return - Los Angeles Times
Federer to face Roddick with history on the line - Daily Mail - Charleston
Ten infuriating MLB players to watch
Anthony Kim Hits a Drive Squarely Into A Spectator's Ass at the AT&amp;T Tournament This Past Weekend [Video]
NFL Says No to Players Tweeting During Games
Top Ten Reasons Tony Romo Split from Jessica Simpson
Whitlock's Jeff George Man-Crush Just Won't Die
The Top 10 Head Scratchers of the 2009 NBA Offseason
Yao Ming to Miss 2009-2010 Season, Sets Goals on Recovery and Helping the Environment
Is the Pressure Getting To LaRussa?
The Bucks need to hold onto Ramon Sessions
Jim Johnson Passes at Age 68.  Sad day for the 
Philadelphia Eagles Family.
Sir Bobby Robson Dies At 76
BJ Penn Says GSP Does Roids, Explains on Video
Game 6 of the 1991 NHL Stanley Cup finals recreated using NHL '91 
Caster Semenya's testosterone level is three times higher than that normally expected in a female sample
Andy Roddick's New York Moment
Jeter Ties Gehrig’s Yankees Hit Record
22 in a row!  Roger Federer is tennis's ironman, making his 22nd Grand Slam semifinal in a row beating Robin Soderling, the guy that beat Rafael Nadal at the French
Pennsylvania stores that refuse to sell Michael Vick apparel will donate 10 percent of this Sunday's sales to SPCA 
Saints hang up 48 on the Eagles. Drew Brees continues to look sharp.
His coaching display Sunday...was an embarrassment, as bad as anything I’ve seen in the NFL.
I guess the pun doesn't work as well if you actually bother to spell his name correctly. [PIC]
Rush Limbaugh, Dave Checketts joined in bid to buy St. Louis Rams - ESPN
The 5 Most Lopsided Sports Brawls of All Time
Dodgers score 2 in the 9th to beat Cards
Ex-Penn State RB suing for $150,000 over rape arrest
Yankees fail to sell out playoff game.  Their souls have already been bought and resold many times over.
Dennis Rodman Grabs Strange Woman's Crotch
12 of the most violent drag racing crashes of all-time
Bears/Cutler/Ochocinco Tweet War!
I Hope Jay Cutler Is Wrong 
Why do goalies go out first? “Because they always go out first.” Okay, but why? “Because they always go out first.” 
ESPN plagiarized word-for-word blog post
IAMA former NBA ballboy. AMA. : kinda interstingish
I can't watch the end of the Green Bay - Tampa Bay game because the NFL will only let Fox show games until 4:15, even though there is no game on Fox afterward.
Stephon Marbury Apparently Thinks The NBA Is Fixed
NFL QB Power Rankings
NFL Overtime Bid System? Absolutely.
Mike Shanahan The Next Buffalo Bills Coach?
PETA wants UGA to use a robot bulldog, instead of a real one, for their mascot.
Saints stay unbeaten with 38-17 win over Patriots - NFL - 11-0
EA Sports Updates Tiger Woods Video Game, 1000% more beatings, Video
What do you guys think of flopping?
AHL team has theTiger Woods foursome ticket package 
After seeing THE BLIND SIDE tonight, I wanted to know more and found this...
USC running back Stafon Johnson speaks for the first time since his weightlifting accident
2010 Pro Bowl rosters
TCU and Boise State are 104th and 113th in terms of Strength of Schedule 
Which NCAA Conference Dominates the NFL Playoffs?
Chad Ochocinco Says Knee Has Healed, Giving Evidence By His Latest Sexual Conquest: I had sex yesterday... With some of the moves I did, I should be fine.
I'm so glad I'm watching this game instead of Alabama vs Boise State! I mean it might be a worthless game that's over at half time.
Ronaldo suspended two games for breaking opponent's nose. He is fined a whopping $843 and the team must shell out.. wait for it... $253!
Peyton Manning is the best NFL quarterback over the past 30 years
Who Dat? It’s the Super Bowl champ Saints
Olympic officials putting athletes at risk 
YouTuber begs for a prom date with UFC ring girl. He even gets UFC fighters to beg for him. Surprisingly, it works.
I don't care who you are, having a 110lb girl stand on your leg with a skate while you do a crab squat is pretty hardcore. 
Chad Ochocinco, Erin Andrews to compete in this season's Dancing with the Stars.
Probably the last time an NBA team let's a fan dunk off a trampoline at halftime of a game (vid)
Guard the damn inbounds pass! Evan Turner+OSU at Big Ten Tourney. [vid]
David Beckham's World Cup is over: Three-month lay-off with achilles tendon injury
New NBA Jam Trailer... its awesome!
I would not have used that photo...
Autistic teen 48 for 48 in NCAA tourney bracket; beats 13.5m to 1 odds
Former Dodgers CEO Jamie McCourt says she wants her first-class lifestyle back and believes it will take nearly $1 million a month to do so.
New Jersey Nets get their 10th win of the season, no longer the worst team ever.
KG drops the F-bomb in post-game, felt Durant was getting too many calls (Durant shot 15 free throws to the Celtics 17)
“I probably smoked two joints, drank about three or four beers, got to the ballpark, took some [amphetamines], took a pain pill, drank a cup of coffee, chewed some tobacco, had a cigarette, and got up to the plate and hit’’ 
Carmelo Anthony passes out on the court. Teammates don't care and continue to play.
I never thought this was possible - Corner kick goal
Interview with a Premier League soccer player who says he only plays for the money. Brutally honest. Respect due.
The king is dead.  Have fun in New York.
Did anyone else find this heartbreaking?
Why are the Montreal Canadiens called the Habs?
Angel Pagan of the Mets hits an inside-the-park home run and initiates a triple play in the same game
Superman Returns! Magic win Game 4 in overtime, prevent Celtic sweep.
Formula 1 Returns to United States (Austin, TX)
pete rose was such a badass [pic]
Am I the only one not annoyed by the Vuvuzelas?
Lakers defeat Celtics in 7 games for back-to-back titles
The World Cup is known for amazing miracles on the pitch, but there has also been several major controversies over the years. Here are ten of the most controversial incidents to have happened at previous World Cup finals:
North Korea Loses In The World Cup-WW3 soon follows...
Someone, please tell Tiger when to shut up
Top 5 Hot and Handsome Football Superstars
This world cup will add 1-2 unforgettable moments to the list, especially about the refrees -Top 10 Unforgettable moments of World Cups
I wish that the New Zealand All Whites perform the Haka just as the Rugby All Blacks team do. 
Why Are Only Three Americans Great At Tennis?
Running commentary for USA vs. ALGERIA
Bend it like Beckham? Screw that. END IT LIKE DONOVAN!
Defending World Cup Champions (Italy) do not advance after loss to Slovakia
Netherlands beats Uruguay 3-2 and advances to Finals!
The Octopus did it again!
Lebron fathead discounted to $17.41 (Benedict Arnold was born in 1741) There are no coincidences.  
ESPN's 25 Douchiest Moments Over the Past 365 Days
Judge confirms obvious: Cheerleading not a sport.
Wow...is anyone watching the PGA right now?
Woody Paige explains what there is to learn form McKinley's suicide as he describes his bout with depression and how he almost killed himself in 2002. 
What High Schools, States, And Cities Produce The Most NFL Talent? Interesting Answers Inside...
I guess they didn't like it.
Dwyane Wade already injured, as predicted by the Onion - Chris Bosh is next
Here is why baseball is the most boring sport ever played: a perfect game, the game's greatest achievement, celebrates the absence of anything happening
One amazing photobomb that sums up the 2010 MLB Playoffs [image]
No Joe Buck Tonight!!
Badgers bust No. 1 Buckeyes Raise your hands if you saw this one coming.
Who the hell did this?
Angry Cavs fans donate old LeBron James jerseys... to the homeless of Miami [pics]
They need to get LeBron more help.  He can't win games on his own.
The difference between Giants fans and Rangers fans... They're smoking weed over there!
Now that the giants have won the world series,
Lebron James, having completely pissed of the city of Cleveland, takes on Dallas now...
Nascar never ceases to amaze.
espnW coming. All Womens sports, all the time. . . 
ESPN Stats and Research, WTF?
8 world championships in 8 different weight divisions! 
Congratulations, Manny Pacquiao! 
Who lives in a city with a UFL team?...
The Miami heat get even softer and more shallow
Tracey Porter has Stewie shooting a Seahawk shaved into his head!
Vick: I can't change people's minds. I can only try to help more dogs than I hurt
Matt Ryan might not be able to have kids [pic]
Did anyone else catch Steve Johnson's Why so Serious? celebration against the Bengals since TO/Ocho are Batman and Robin?
Can anyone identify this person? (pic, details in comments)
World Championship Kart Racing Victory Lap Crash
Filipe Albuquerque Beats Sebastian Vettel For 2010 Race Of Champions Title
Alabama stadium employee fired after playing Take the Money and Run and Son of a Preacher Man before the Auburn game
LeBron James I'm a faggot
Wow... that never happens at the games I go to
Holy shit! The Detroit Lions are on a three game win streak (2 in a row on the road).
NOW....Rich Rod is gone
The 2022 World Cup in Qatar will probably be staged in January rather than June or July, FIFA president Sepp Blatter said for the first time on Friday. 
Drew Brees is still at Qwest Field
Who Dat... Baby Daddy?
I'm a steelers fan, and I'm exhausted. My throat burns and I can't believe that game even happened.
Lakers/Clippers scuffle, in case you missed it
BEARZ! - Instinct is something you're born with
The Onion Sports Dome Does 'Watching Sports With Your Girlfriend' [video]
How A Homeless Man (With No Computer) Beat 3 Million Players To Win ESPN's Fantasy Football Championship

Brett Favre had one of the worst seasons anyone could have had and the Packers have a chance to win the Super Bowl.... Poetic Justice?
nervous much, coach mccarthy?
Dear Reddit, Take a look at my Super Bowl 45 experience...
The San Antonio Spurs is the most underrated franchise in the history of the NBA
Happy Valentines Day Big Ten. Love, Nebraska
LeBron James Assists His Own Basket [vid]
As a knicks fan I hate to say anything positive about this guy but how is Reggie Miller not a finalist for the Hall of Fame?  This guy was great and a HUGE thorn in our side.
Making A Case For the Worm: Why Dennis Rodman Should be in the Hall of Fame
Strangest Soccer Dive Caught on Video
So... That Blake Griffin car dunk really was a Kia commercial. Literally.
Put The Team on My Back (Darren Sharper Hold My Dick) [NSFW Language]
What is wrong with this picture?
Bulls complete season sweep of Heat to move into second place in East
Join the All-Reddit March Madness Bracket Challenge!  Password: reddit
Selection Sunday Is The Perfect Time To Remember How Much I And The Rest Of America Feel About Duke
I love this time of year
My Priorities
Does anyone honestly care about this story anymore?
Sincere Question: Why is GUS JOHNSON not the #1 Announcer for a Sporting Events?
Carmelo = Troll 
about time UConn lost. . . 
The UConn-Butler score, 53-41, might have made for an exciting football game, but can we call it the worst NCAA title game ever?
KG Rage (crosspost from r/fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu)
Kobe Bryant apologizes for using slur during game
Current 5 Best NBA Players
Since ESPN has taken the High Road and taken that awful game of Poker off the air, how about not showing point spreads all weekend- which directly fuels the $100 Billion *Illegal Gambling* market. Hypocrites.
ESPN's front page isn't doing Manu Ginobli and favors..
Americans will downvote me, but soccer still has the most brutal injuries of any team sport (other than rugby)
Why do we (USA) dominate sports?
Uptown Hockey openly opposes gay marriage, Twitter reacts.
My New OKC Bike.
Is it now? 
Why so shy haters? Enjoy your crow.
Michael and Marcus
What can be done to fire Joe Buck and ensure that he never ruins another sporting event again?
Question: If the best American athletes decided to focus on soccer instead of basketball, football, baseball etc. would we have the best soccer team in the world?
The Mystery of the Mets Manbaby
To all the Heat haters out there...
LeBron gives Chris Bosh competition for the Oscar for Best Actor
The LeBron James headband timeline
Bill Belichick makes an interesting point about MVP's
MJ is still better on paper...and Kareem is the man
How Quickly We Forget! (MJ vs. Lebron Vid)
French Open Semis: Federer beats Djokovic as the sun sets 7-6 (7-5), 6-3, 3-6, 7-6 (7-5), to meet Nadal in the Final on Sunday.
Best extreme sports movies? Here's a jumping off point...what are your favorites? 
Thanks for the unbiased coverage ESPN...
Bruins hammer Robert Luongo, Canucks again in series-tieing shutout
Mayweather to fight Ortiz in September
James said of the tweet. It was just a personal message to myself. It has nothing to do with anyone else besides myself. So, Lebron used one of the largest social media platforms in the world to send a message to himself about himself. This is Lebron in a nutshell. 
Dirk Nowitzki is a... WTF!
BRING HOME STANLEY TOMORROW!!! 
For the series, Heat were outscored by 36 with LeBron on the floor. But they outscored Dallas by 22 with him on the bench.
Kevin Youklis: hate him, or hate him more than anyone in the mlb
When mascots go horribly wrong
Is right now the worst time to be a sports fan?
72 years ago today, Lou Gehrig gave his famous farewell speech at Yankee Stadium
Abby Wambach goal 122' vs. Brazil. I never thought I'd say this, but it's better than Landon Donovan's goal last year vs. Algeria.
Touche ESPN, this was actually pretty hilarious.
Player disciplined for the best penalty kick in soccer history.  Shockingly awesome!
World Cup is cute and all for patriotism, but lets face it soccer will never be considered a important sport in America because our sports are simply better products.
Fellow Pittsburgh Pirates fans, I know it's exciting. But I made this graph just to remind us how close we are to slipping back.. enjoy it while it lasts!
Real Americans are tired of ESPN and the media trying to push soccer down our throats
Americans clobber Canada to advance in water polo at worlds - The Globe and Mail (xpost r/waterpolo)
ESPN.com needs to stop the auto-play on their videos.
Jays GM Alex Anthopoulos is a Jedi Master: These Are the Relievers You're Looking For 
Why doesn't the NFL do this? It's a great idea and its wasted on a boring sport.
Now black people are even taking over soccer! Hockey is the only one left
Dennis Rodman's HOF induction speech
Micheal Fucking Jordan
Video Of Georgetown Basketball Team Brawl In China 
What I think every time I see Tim Lincecum on TV. 
Germany shows us how to run a league: 50+1 Rule and focusing of the fan experience
Indiana linemen flip burning pickup truck and save a pregnant woman
Bolt and Jamaica set 37.04 4x100 world record; US faceplants
What I think about when Europeans complain about American Football Broadcasts
The ceremony for Lokomotiv Yaroslavl, very sad
Up to 24 Fresno State Bulldogs Football Players Tied to Welfare Fraud
Hell frozen over, pigs flying, etc.
Michael Jordan Fined by NBA for 100k
Rice University football team teaches international students how to play American football
Hockey Racism
Attendance remains low as Tampa Bay Rays make dramatic playoff push
A public service announcement for Rugby fans.
Looks like someone forgot that his sport doesn't have a player's union or multi-year guaranteed contracts (aka It's shit like this young black athletes)
CARDS WIN!!
Sight Of Matt Millen On TV Simply Too Much For Nation’s Unemployed To Handle
Prediction: The Rangers are about to become the Buffalo Bills of baseball.
Raiders will be without a 1st, 2nd, 3rd, and 4th round pick in 2012 draft now
Sale Approved. Will Smith Among the Philadelphia 76ers New Owners.
Hockey Chirpers Intro - Ep. 1 (video)
Best Comment I've read about Will Smith buying the Sixers
Balotelli up to his antics. Again. 
Congratulations, Fox Sports!  Giving a microphone to Joe Buck is no longer the most regrettable thing you've done to the World Series!
Just saw this on packers.com.  Lol.
Can you feel it?
It's a weird feeling...
Amazing header save by Tony Beltran in last night's MLS playoffs to save RSL.
Why the heck do we hate Tim Tebow?
Come'on man...
Penn State students react like douchebags to Joe Paterno's firing.
All the idiots who protested Joe Paterno's firing by rioting should be ashamed of themselves. You're supporting someone who ignored child rape, you dumbasses. 
I really don't see the NBA coming back after a cancelled season, given the ongoing economic crisis. 
Dale Sveum accepts offer to manage Chicago Cubs, sources say - ESPN
God Sports Center sucks right now without some basketball highlights.
Just got NFL Sunday Ticket . . .
Poll: America believes Big Sport is a big problem on campuses
Meet Nick Newell, One-Handed MMA Fighter - Fights tonight on HDNet
Thank you Charles.
Save women's soccer
Stephen A. Smith is both 100% correct and 100% hilarious. 
How I feel whenever I watch a Cowboys game...
Worst lawyer choice of all time?
The Clippers stopped by our office today five minutes after the Chris Paul trade was announced.  This. Was. Awkward.  
The High School CJ Wilson
Does anyone else absolutely hate those DJ Steve Porter remixes on Sportscenter?
Why I hate the NCAA
TIL why Jose Reyes signed with Marlins. It was love.
Remember that one time, when 99% of ESPN Writers chose the Red Sox to win the 2011 World Series...
Nick Diaz Tokes, Talks About Getting Stabbed With a Pen
This should make the Duke haters happy... Go Owls!
Ever seen a power play in basketball? ULL used one to beat WKU in overtime (video)
Hey ESPN take a cold shower and get rid of that Teboner, I want to enjoy my morning cup of coffee!!
Some of you may automatically vote this down, but there are some of us boycotting the BCS title game tonight in hopes of someday having a playoff system established
The night after calling his teammates losers, Cammalleri gets traded from the Habs mid-game.
Now when I watch ESPN...
R.I.P James Jamer Lindsay - Scout Magazine
Awesome cricket catch
Buzzer-beating 3 lifts unranked Florida State over #4 Duke, snapping Duke's 45 home game win streak.
Every fan has dealt with this.
Free Kick from 70 yards.
Which one would you choose in 91?
SFC's Top 10 Hottest Female Athletes of All Time
Carlos Boozer's kids caught on camera cheering for the other team
Congratulations to the New York Football Giants, Super Bowl XLVI Champions!
I can't be the only one that thinks the NY Giants won because 4 teams decided not to show up.
“When a player is playing that well, he doesn’t come out of nowhere. It seems like he comes out of nowhere. Go back and take a look, and the skill level was probably there from the beginning, it’s just that we didn’t notice it.” -- Kobe on Linsanity
Can We All Relive This for a Moment?
Cristiano Ronaldo Seals Hat Trick With Sublime Strike
What an insightful poll question, ESPN Chicago. I bet the results are mind-boggling. 
The best basketball photo ever taken...
Nuthin but Net.
The REAL significance Jeremy Lin. A must read about the realities of race relations and identity in American sports.
I almost wonder if she's getting paid to crash.
Red Sox Catcher and Captain Jason Varitek retires. (Caught/called MLB record 4 no-hitters)
Yoga posture ... as an official Olympic sport?
Lady Arm Wrestler: Story of Beating the ODDS AND ADVERSITY
looks like someone doesn't like duke bball
No. 15 Lehigh beats No. 2 Duke
My brother's March Madness viewing setup
The Proper Way to Start a Hockey Game
Hey, TAXI!
More Like 'Mute Commercial Button'
I grew up in Athens; I am proud of these guys. Show an underdog some love! BOBCATS
Quite possibly the dumbest thing I've ever seen on Facebook. 
UK and U of L fan fight during Dialysis [not satire]
Baseball started today?
Any Red Wings fans out there?
Best soccer tackle of the year
Skateboarding's First 1080....12-yr old Tom Schaar
Reg-gie! Reg-gie! Reggie Miller to the Hall. Here are his top 10 moments...
We found in no cases was cognitive ability related to (football) performance. We did find a negative relationship for tight ends and defensive backs. For defensive backs, it was the most pronounced; basically, the lower you scored on the Wonderlic, the better you performed.
The best of Canadian Sportscenter. Hilarious
Sergio flips the bird to a reporter
Gronk would take Tebow's virginity...I love this guy
Jamie Moyer becomes oldest player to win MLB game at 49 years old
Anybody else hate knowing ahead of time who the first few pick will officially go to?
Razorbacks to Paint Twitter Hashtag on Field.
Report: Dwight Howard will request a trade as soon as the Magic are eliminated from the postseason  
Why athletes should manage their own accounts...
Ohio State sucks
Poor Boston
Dat Hat
Hey Devils, No Cup for You!!!
Kobe trolling the camera guy.
Report: Junior Seau's family to donate his brain for research 
Wanna feel old? Today is the 10th anniversary of Allen Iverson talking about practice
Fenway Park announcer Carl Beane killed in car accident 
Hockey goalie makes barehanded save
Amazing New NBA Playoffs promo for Spurs (feat. Mobb Deep - Shook Ones)
Bayern Munich or FC Chelsea?
Youth Lacrosse game turns into all out brawl
Euro 2012 Matches &amp; Dates Poster | couldn't find a 
nice schedule poster online, so I figured I would 
make one and share with you guys :) [IMG]
ESPN's Brad Daugherty reads on-air promo for tomorrow's NBA game as Paul Pierce &amp; the Celtics against LeBron James &amp; the officials (video)
I'll Have Another will not run the Belmont Stakes this weekend.
LeBron James is a piece of shit. He should have helped Rondo up. Fans know what I'm talking about.
You don't need conspiracy theories to explain what happened to Manny Pacquiao last night, so shut the fuck up about it already
DAE wish they would keep this guy as far away as possible from the NBA Finals?
Well that's interesting. (crosspost from /r/seattle)
Matt Cain throws 22nd perfect game in MLB history
what i thought about david stern's comment
Cristiano Ronaldo is the hardest working man in sports: Wall Street Journal
The Most Annoying Sports Traditions
ESPN Drinking Game
All you had to do is watch the ball cross the line, CJ!
Kevin Durant Locker Room Walk after losing NBA Finals
1986 Slam Dunk Competition- guess which guy won?
As a Pacers fan, this was my face when they drafted Miles Plumlee
Here's a common barstool question: If America sent some NFL players to these soccer tournaments, how much would we destroy every other country?
Double amputee Oscar Pistorius cleared to run in individual 400m in London Olympics 
The IOC is bad for the Olympics
Kobayashi shows contract he's being asked to sign by Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest: One year, $40,000 and he loses any rights to endorse or engage in anything outside of what they mandate
Why are PED's in professional sports a bad thing?  
Designer puts unique spin on Olympics - amazing!!
Laker fans give Steve Nash a beer .....On the freeway [Video]
Jason Kidd arrested on DWI charge
Matt Forte, Chicago Bears agree to long-term contract
When will professional athletes start acting like professionals?
Still haven't seen this country show up in the Olympics
how I felt when my country eliminated Spain from the Olympics
Why the Families of Athletes Go Broke
12 straight extra-innings wins and 4.5 Games back from the Yankees...
Honey Badger dismissed from LSU
Dat ASS
Felix Hernandez has just pitched the first perfect game in the 34 year history of the Seattle Mariners
So I was at today's Yankee game, and I saw Cody Ross here having a stellar game
New England Patriots cut offseason addition Jonathan Fanene
What the hell kind of deal is this? 
Arizona Cardinals Passive Agressive QB Kevin Kolb wasn't too happy about losing to the Tennessee Titans.
Awesome College Football U.S. Map 
I took a photo of a touchdown pass interception progression • Packers vs Chiefs 8.30.12
Go Braves!
Dallas Cowboys deliver complete performance in win over New York Giants - ESPN Dallas
Cowboys fans
Ex-Pittsburgh Pirates owner revels he is gay
My high school's student section getting ready for a big game.
Our German buddy dropped this on us when we had him over for a football game.
This is why r/sports should stop posting Bleacher Report articles beginning now.
I have 10 minutes to talk to Mr. Rassmussen (founder of ESPN) on Wednesday morning, what are some questions I should ask? 
US Anti-Doping Agency: Lance Armstrong was part of 'most sophisticated' doping program cycling has seen
Lance Armstrong Was at Center of Doping Program, Agency Says -NY Times
HEY GUIS! I HEARD LANCE ARMSTRONG WAS A CHEATER!!!
There is a very good reason why we should still revere Lance Armstrong as a champion athlete...
FIFA suspends Canada's Christine Sinclair 4 games, fined $3,500 for 'displaying unsporting behaviour' at Olympics
Reds manager Dusty Baker signs 2 year extension
Probably one of the sickest football helmets I've ever seen
We got married on Saturday. I got a phone call that morning from my wife that our honeymoon plans have changed. Here was our sign last night...courtesy of the maid of honor.
Watching 30 Rock when suddenly...
Lance Armstrong case: 'He deserves to be forgotten,' says UCI President
Roy Hibbert goes Gangnam Style
Gotta Love the World Series and it's Fans! Go Giants! 
Challenger Little League makes America's past time accessible regardless of ability. [video]
Lance Armstrong: What a douchebag.
Go Home ESPN Gamecast, You're Drunk
White sportswriter with two adopted black children called racist because he wrote a column in which he said he doesn't like tattoos 
How to piss off a Dallas Cowboys fan.
Soccer team wins in front of 1 fan.
RG3 being fined $10,000 by the NFL is the equivalent of the average US employee being fined $82.00
Remember that tightrope guy from the Madonna Superbowl Halftime Show?
This guy is good at hockey.
The reality is that football schools who move up a division almost always lose even more money...There’s not much defense of the economics in the short or long term. There are arguments for...more exposure, more admission applications, better quality students and increased alumni donations.
It would save us all a lot of time if we started referring to the SEC Championship as the BCS National Championship Game
A couple of my friends were amused by the focus during the Broncos-Ravens game
Paused the Packers game for a second and had Cobb staring into my soul. 
TIL When asked if he was upset the 49ers didn't draft him in 2005, Aaron Rodgers responded: The 49ers will be upset they didn't draft me.
Te'O Cruz
I got this idea from AskReddit. I compiled a list of some of the greatest moments in sports from the last 100 years. 
Te'o-ing
The real reason the NFL stopped sharing field audio
What is the only city to have won both a Super Bowl and World Series in the same year?
This is what I think of every time Pollard kills one of our guys.
Well written memoir for the Sacramento Kings from my friend Scott.
Sick of hearing that the average Joe could beat him out on the hardwood, Brian Scalabrine took on four of Boston's best ballers one-on-one and beat them all by a combined score of 44-6
Steroids everywhere, match fixing, sports are looking more like a joke. Who else lost all faith in fair play?
Fox preparing Gus Johnson to be the voice of the World Cup
Incredible one-handed interception from UCF bound  Shaquem Griffin who only has, well... one hand!
U.S. national team vet Robbie Rogers both comes out and retires from soccer at 25. Respect.
Danica patrick is currently sitting on the pole in daytona...
Good Night Dziurzynski
Retiring soccer player subbed for his 5 year old son during game
If every NHL game was televised like this.. I would watch A LOT more hockey
To a guy named Marwin no less.
Completely insane finish of a Basketball game in Serbia...
Kenyan Athlete Tiki Gelana gets run over by a Wheelchair Racer at London Marathon.
Goals of the week
If Collins is gay, he can’t be a Christian, says ESPN’s Chris Broussard
running competitions for the blind.. just an idea
My friends and I film a low/no budget NBA talk show - this is our latest episode. [Re-post from r/nba]
Super Speed [GIF]
Dat Block! Lebron James makes an amazing play on Tiago Splitter's dunk attempt in Game 2 vs. Spurs (6-9-13)
Motorcycle models made from the parts of wrist watches [pics]
Sexiest Female Superstar Athletes in 2007
Paul Kelly Vs Paul Taylor Fight Video UFC 80
Kickstart my Car
The 6 Suckiest Superbowl XLII Ads
Figure Skating Ain't For Wusses: Eight of the Sport's Nastiest Falls
Inside the NBA: Prom night photos!
Roger Clemens Affair: Rocket Cheated On Wife For 10 Years With Mindy McCready
Spencer Smith, Working for a Scholarship
If the Jags cut Matt Jones, It will be Their Fault not His
The Herald violated more than Journalism Principles
Charles Barkley shoots from the lip and scores
Ovechkin goes loonie after Russia beats Canada.
Chelsea and United debts at record £1.5bn
Welterweight champ Floyd Mayweather Jr. retires
Euro 2008 : Netherlands 3-0 Italy
Tiger Woods' Monster Eagle Put in US Open
Angels throw a No Hitter and lose to the Dodgers!!!
The Origins of Baseball
You're gonna get raped!
USC sexy soccer player Megan Ohai as a sexy school girl....gotts love soccer players
112 Years of Olympic Poster Design
Karl Rove, baseball fan
The Best of Mike Tyson [Video]
That Phelps finish frame by frame
Best of Beijing Olympics - Day 9 [pics]
It's as easy as 1-2-3 for USA in men's 400M Olympic hurdles
In the 2001 Little League World Series, overage Danny Almonte struck out Matt Cerda 3 times. Cerda just got even.
Gross Photo of Tom Brady's Injury 
Tom Brady's injury = $150 million in fantasy football losses
Twelve-Year-Old Girl Kicked Off Boys' Basketball Team For Being Too Good
Charles Barkley's Top 50 Quotes
Carl Lewis questions Usain Bolt's record-setting performances
Report: Ricky Williams fights off urge to use pot
High School Football Formation - Offense of the Future, or Just Unfair?  
EVERYONE IN AMERICA GETS A FREE TACO THANKS TO JASON BARTLETT
A Photo Gallery Collection of the Hottest Philadelphia Phillie Fans
Desert Island Tennis [PICS]
One in a million wheelie on the speedway
Should the NFL take Thanksgiving football away from Detroit?
No Plax, no problem: Giants steamroll Redskins 23-7
The 10 Players You Must Sign On Football Manager 2009
Former American football start, OJ Simpson, charged for kidnap and armed robbery
Justice Served  (comic)
Source: Teixeira, Yanks agree to 8-year deal
Year to remember for Manchester United 
Chicago Blackhawks Ice Dancers at the Winter Classic
NBA Players &amp; Coaches: fans are too stupid to vote for All-Star Team
It's kind of cool to know that Phelps smokes herb once in awhile, but being what it is with the laws and his profile and all, whoever took that picture is kind of a bitch.
H-O-R-S-E to be part of NBA All-Star weekend!
The Vintage Nuggets Unis Are The Furthest Thing From UGLY!
 Lance Armstrong Will Not Tolerate Syringe Toting Idiots On The Side Of The Road [w/pics]
Top Fifteen Reasons the Cowboys Released Terrell Owens
Ever wonder why Team Canada's baseball team has more left-handed hitters than the U.S.? It's because they played hockey earlier. Fascinating story, this.
ESPN's excess coverage is ruining fan appreciation
Final Four Preview &amp; Picks
No. 2 Michigan State 82, No. 1 Connecticut 73 - The Spartans Run Past UConn and Into the Title Game - NYTimes.com
Get over it Chuck Knoblauch, Marie Olbermann has. Tribute Video
Brian Sutherland - Worst Boxer of All Time (the mullet and stache are just icing on the cake)
Falcons trade 2010 second round pick to Chiefs for Gonzalez
Great Moments in Stealing Home
Nuggets tie record for biggest playoff blowout, destroy Hornets in NO 121-63
Florida high school teen's bid for fifth straight no-hitter falls short
Sidney Crosby robbed by Simeon Varlamov's diving save
So, you want to be an NFL WR? - Check out Torry Holt's fingers.
Fuck you, Brett Favre
“Big Baby” hits game-winner then runs over an unsuspecting kid [video]
Bill Simmons actually thinks he should get a shot as an NBA general manager
Five reasons to watch the 2009 Preakness
The Year's Best Illusion Explains Why Curve Balls Confuse Batters
A 2 pitch ejection has to be some kind of record
Clippers win NBA Draft Lottery
Maybe the sports reddit needs to encourage submissions/discussion more than aggressive downvoting?
Cristiano Ronaldo vs The Cameraman - Who's Better?
South Africa says it is fully prepared for World Cup 2009
Six Teams That Should Bring Back Their Old Logos
Shaquille O’Neal Traded to Cleveland Cavaliers
MLB's outdated, misleading offset camera angle
USA was up 2-0, and I thought the rest of the U.S. might care, but then we lost 2-3.
Marian Hossa signs 12yr contract w/ the Blackhawks.
Tiger Sends Anthony Kim to His Room Without Supper
Lesnar beats Mir in UFC, Lesnar then taunted his fallen opponent, made an obscene gesture at the booing crowd and insulted a UFC sponsor, putting an altogether unflattering end on what the league planned as a sparkling celebration of mixed martial arts.
Reporter: Did you ever use steroids? Albert Belle: No, I was just an angry black man
Surprises and Busts: Trying to predict the unpredictable in fantasy football
Picture of Massa after being hit
Let's enjoy this while we can: Cubs back in first place
Armstrong lambastes Contador on Twitter - I were him I'd drop this drivel and start thanking his team, Lance says.
Is there a Reddit Fantasy Football League? 
Some Staten Island kid tried to James Brown Super Bad-it into second and his mom is $125,000 fatter in the wallet because of it.
Ohio State Football Profile: Dan Boom Herron
Hi, my name is Shawn Kemp, I’ll be your server tonight. Can I start you off with a Detlef Shrempf cocktail?
Wanna Dump Beer? 5 Cubs That Should Get It
How An NBA Scorekeeper Cooked The Books - The intentional errors are organizationally sanctioned/encouraged - they increase national media coverage/interest and increase your franchise's and player's visibility. There is also league pressure to protect/enhance the stats of the elite players.
The Biggest Attention Whores In Sports
Sage Rosenfels: 'This Wasn't What I Was Hoping For'
Twenty-five years ago this month, Al Joyner won a shocking gold medal at the Olympic Games in Los Angeles … and fell in love with a lady in tights. 
McNabb calls Vick's role a gimmick
Serena Williams makes a fool of herself and deserves punishment 
Yao Ming to sit out all of 2009-2010 season
Red Sox fan teacher makes 4th grader turn his Yankee shirt inside out
Cowboys release Jerry Jones
Chad Pennington done for the season
When Fans Get Custom Jerseys - it doesn't always work out as intended
How The Browns Can Turn Things Around Next Year…Change The Uniform (Proof Why It Can Work)
Mike Blowers Prediction Seattle Mariners.The Call Of The Year.09-29-2K9.
Updated NFL Team Logos.  Appropriate reflections of popular NFL Franchises.
Phillies waited to give Star Pitcher Hamels wife's message that she just went into labor, until after he was done pitching game 2 last night.. First 3 comments on the thread are priceless after the link!
Circus-interception wins the game for UW last night.
Tony And T.O.'s Couples Retreat
Listening to the USC band play Fight On 90 times per game is quite possibly the most annoying aspect of watching college football.  They just played it to celebrate a favorable outcome after a review.
Patriots 59 - Titans 0, with Brady throwing 5 TDs in the 2nd quarter (not the onion)
Dear MLB and TBS:  Thanks for making it 
impossible to watch my favorite team when they 
are on an AWAY game. FUCK YOU VERY MUCH!
Sports Illustrated tries to game Digg, attempting to bribe top Diggers with shwag to Digg SI links.
Bob Griese Suspended for Incorrectly Assuming That Colombian Juan Pablo Montoya Would Be Interested in Eating Tacos
Iverson Wants to Retire? 8 Players That Should Join Him
[Fake Trade Rumor] To [Generate Pageviews]
6 year old kid absolutely devastates his opponents
The U documentary. Tonight at 9:00 PM EST on ESPN.
Bobby Knight, obviously embarrassed that UK gave IU a beating last weekend, calls out Calipari, saying he lacks integrity.
Source: NFLPA to pay fines for Chad Ochocinco's tribute to Chris Henry - ESPN
Tyrus Thomas Filthy Putback Dunk (Video)
McGahee's Stiffarm today was bad as fuck.
For my fellow Viking fan redditers...
The other Manning brother lives a life without regret.
If JaMarcus Russell spent as much time in the film room as he did in the jewelry store he'd be a much better quarterback. See Pics of His Bling.
Heisman winner Tim Tebow bashes Abortion in Super Bowl commercial?  Hardly - you couldn't even tell what the advert was about.
Check out the ecstatic reaction of Saints fans after Porter's interception.  
Google's Super Bowl Ad: A simple yet a powerful idea
The last leg of the Olympic Torch Relay [pics]
Kobe Bryant Greatest NBA Player of the Decade?
College football player dismissed from school for posting photos of piles of cash on Twitter.  Photos are STILL up. [PICS]
Yeah guys, Canada won. Congrats to them
Isn't Canada winning Hockey gold like Team USA winning basketball gold?
Uh-Oh, Annoying Coworker Going To Tell You Why IndyCar Racing Completely Different From NASCAR
Another Awesome Basketball Shot- Kid Saves outbound ball bounces it off of opponents head for 2 points.
Nomar Garciaparra To Retire With Red Sox
Any interest in an NCAA Tournament bracket pool this year?
7 rich athletes who lost their fortunes

Brady Quinn traded to Denver.
Upset the #1 team, get a 10-year contract.
Best Catch Ever
White Sox fans think they are classier than Cubs fans.  They need to stop acting like trash if they want to win the argument.
Tiger Woods, you suck. - Tiger Woods
For those who don't know about Dock Ellis' phenomenal major league pitching performance: a no-hitter on LSD. (Somehow that seems like an oxymoronic pun)
Per Roger Goodell: All week 17 match-ups this season to be divisional games.
The team with Dirk Nowitzki, Jason Kidd, Shawn Marion, Caron Butler, and Jason Terry just lost in the first round of the playoffs.  Wow
Capitals' Laich fixes tire for stranded family 
Adidas, Reebok, Nike, Umbro, Mitre, Brine and 50 other companies agreed in 2006 to stop purchasing sports goods made by child labor
Montreal Canadiens defeat the Penguins 4-3, are headed for a Game 7 showdown.
Will Boston Fans Chant New York Knicks, New York Knicks when Lebron shoots tonight?
Peeping Tom Picks Wrong House to Videotape - the one of UFC Fighter Ireneusz Fajkis
Germany's Michael Ballack ruled out of World Cup after FA Cup injury
Manute Bol is in the hospital with kidney failure and seems to be in rough shape. Here's a short highlight film of a man with one of the most unique bodies and biggest hearts in sports history.
Brazil = the Lakers, England, the New York Jets. Fun World Cup Primer
Steve Nash breaks his nose in the game last night and just resets it himself and continues playing.  OUCH
A-Rod Hits Pitcher Huff in Head...Stretcher Needed
I can't believe that just happened to Galaragga. 
NCAA hands Southern California two-year ban on bowls 
Hey Canadians! I just thanked CBC for their amazing world-cup coverage, especially for streaming it LIVE for free, and in such high quality. You should do the same! Let's encourage this behavior.
So it's not bad enough that North Korea got their ass handed to them by Portugal, but it was a rare live broadcast shown in the country. Oops
Japan reserved their place in the last 16 bla bla.. is Honda ideal player of the era or not?? he is just humble and productive, learn from honda loser europeans
Argentina vs Mexico. Heinze turns into camera, smacks it. Tevez, Messi, look on. [GIF]
Is Lebron on the Knicks?
Model Larissa Riquelme to run nude through Paraguay's capital despite World Cup loss to Spain
Van Bronckhorst Goal vs Uruguay (WorldCup semifinal)
Cleveland Cavaliers Owner Dan Gilbert: Lebron quit during the playoffs and the media covered it up
Dear Dan Gilbert
Charles Barkley says, FUCK! FUCK! FUCK! from the 1993 NBA Finals, Game 6
Jason Whitlock hits the nail on the head: Expose the NCAA, not the athletes
ESPN: Matt Barnes Signs With LA Lakers
I am sure the Mariners or Astros could not even hit that.
The one thing wrong with the NFL
Shaq continues to bounce around the league. Sources say he is now a Boston Celtic.
Favre breaks his own record for shortest retirement ever.  Says he will play if healthy.
You're an NFL punter. You get your punt blocked in your end zone. What are you supposed to do? This is not bad.
When your face looks like this, yeah, you lost the fight (Pic)
THE News of the World has smashed a multi-million pound cricket match-fixing ring which RIGGED the current Lord's Test between England and Pakistan. 
Does anyone really care about the Reggie Bush Heisman stuff?
I will not accept Don Mattingly as the Dodgers' manager until he shaves off those fuckin' sideburns!
SACKDANCE.gif
Europe win the Ryder cup
Kobe Bryant says he'd beat LeBron James in a 1 on 1 match
Roy Halladay has thrown the second no-hitter in postseason history
Roy Halladay throws a no-hitter in his post-season debut
Has anyone ever noticed that the Giants pitcher Tim Lincecum looks like a grown up version of the kid from Dazed and Confused?  [PICS]
LeBron introduces hideous new shoes
Mark Schlereth, kicking ass and taking names
Anyone else love seeing Texas lose?
Boomer wut?
49ers in first? My brain shut down for a moment when I read this. Turns out it's local girls volleyball.
Hi name is LeBron James and I'm an asshole
Stay classy: Yankees fans taunted and threw beer at Cliff Lee's wife during ALCS in Bronx.
Randy Moss Post Game Press Conference
Oh this is mean. Middle School team tries a trick play. 
This should surprise no one: NFL player confuses Helen Keller and Anne Frank in nonsensical postgame rant.
Ohio State president: TCU, Boise State not worthy of BCS title shot
Dear NCAA:  This will simplify your life, you hypocritical pricks.
TIL Why Joe Buck has a job, even though nobody 
likes him.  His father was legendary sportscaster 
Jack Buck.
Blake Griffin says humility is overrated, being black ensures you place in NBA.
The Rally to Restore Kyle Brotzman continues on Facebook 
Dante Hall - sickest juke ever
Actual Fixed BCS
LeBron James free throw line HERP DERP
Good throw, but it's picked off by Alan Ball. Uh, I think that means it was a BAD throw Joe Buck. God I hate this man.
Legends and Leaders are the names of the Big Ten divisions: What. The. Fuck?
Why is the southwest so uptight?
SC writer decides to claim FSU's racist while only interviewing an American Indian activist not associated with the Seminole tribe.  32 posts calling him out on his stupidity and counting...
Jim Joyce is still coming to terms with what he calls The single biggest mistake in umpiring history
Awkward: Cleveland Cavaliers change hotel plans to avoid bumping into the Miami Heat
Number 1 Duke takes first loss of the year at Florida State 66-61
Rex Ryan says its personal between him and Roethlisberger
Hey Cowboy Fan! How does it feel now that the first Super Bowl Champ in your new shiny dome could be The Steelers or The Packers? Oh yea, GO STEELERS!
Why Canadian sportscasters are much better. 
TSN Jay and Dan Top 10
Dan Snyder, Redskins owner, is suing a D.C. newspaper, alleging a smear campaign because they said he was bad at running an NFL team.
The Ultimate Fans Guide to Super Bowls [PIC]
New Fail Steelers Meme
In case you haven't noticed, St. John's is having one of the most uneven seasons in ncaa history. They've lost to teams like St. Mary's, Fordham, and St. Bonaventure, while also destroying Duke, Georgetown, Notre Dame, and UConn in the process.
IAE's frontpage filled  with /r/sports?  Seems like a glitch or something...
NFL offers more 3rd time around to displaced superbowl ticket holders.
Kendrick Perkins &amp; Nate Robinson have been traded!!
Lehype and the Heat are getting toasted by the Spurs, and the only highlight they show is Lebron?
My favorite trio of all time
For those who missed the Fab Five documentary, here is a youtube link. 
For anyone who has wrestled: Does this make him harder to wrestle against?
Is this the craziest ever finish to a basketball game? Announcer loses voice from screaming...
Man, I wish Alex Trebek could call every football game.  [vid]
The box scores from the movie Space Jam
BREAKING NEWS: NFL Cornerback Aqib Talib involved in Texas shooting
Coach K finally reacts to Jalen Rose, says his words are very insulting and that Fab Five didn't establish anything at Michigan 
Lebron James skips player introductions and National Anthem in return to Cleveland.....Karma is a Bitch- Lebron 'COWARD' James
Ex-Auburn players tell HBO they got cash from boosters
Butler Advances to Championship Game for the Second Year in a Row
Cock Shot Violation
The University of Alaska's hockey intro is one of the most badass sports related videos I have ever seen. Take a look
Full court front flip basketball shot.
Ryan Braun extends contract with Brewers through 2020
Gus Johnson Signs With FOX for NFL Coverage!  Bad for NCAA Coverage, Great for the NFL.
This Is The Stupidest Endurance Race In The World
NBA Pre-playoffs Final Four predictions
Harmon Killebrew losing cancer batter and is going to enter hospice care
Hockey is fine and all, but we all know soccer has the best fan traditions
Everyone's seen it, but it never gets old.
Grant Hill, you are a stand up guy
Joakim Noah definitely just used a gay slur.
MJ v Lebron - Alright Reddit I want a fair fight, proper Reddiquette, and interesting facts. GO!
50 Greatest football rivalries
Is Wayne Brady Gonna Have to Djokovic?
Bill Simmons is really this amazing.
Stephen A. Smith: LeBron might be facing a profound personal issue off the court that's affecting his play.
Hey, LeBron...
Lebron better than MJ? fuck dat shit.
Hey Lebron, even this guy now has a ring...
What a class act - Cuban offers to pay for championship parade in Dallas
My friend and neighbor just got drafted to the Texas Rangers
If we trained some NFL players for rugby over the next year, could we win the gold medal at the Olympics in 2012?
This is what most Europeans think about baseball
Fuck, does this mean I am technically topless?
Mike Commodore 64: Red Wings give blessing, pledges surging
USA got fucking robbed!
New England Patriots sign TE/T Will Yeatman - who played college lacrosse after leaving Notre Dam
Patriots acquire Albert Haynesworth for a 5th round pick
Juergen Klinsmann named coach of the U.S. men's soccer team!
What is the best way to sell sports tickets?
New Arizona Coach/Former Steeler Coach gives Mercedez to Kitchen Worker.
A shining example of why soccer will never be respected in the most competitive sport environment in the world
The only sport that could have this type of site
USAOSU
Yankees down 7-1, smash a record 3 Grand Slams to win 22-9. Wow 
Texas Football is here...
High School Football Player Given Penalty for Pointing to Heaven - Let me guess, someone of a different belief system may have been offended by that?
Things more exciting to watch than soccer
The Rugby World Cup just started. Check out the hakas by Tonga and NZ before the first match. A great start!
Dear FOX and CBS, I'm just trying to watch football...
Qualcomm Stadium server trips, loses $1,000 … and Chargers fans give it all back!  Faith in Humanity restored!
FOX decides to air something called English Premier League Soccer instead of the NFL this afternoon. Anyone else baffled by this?
Lebron James &amp; college textbooks
The rugby World Cup is going on. If you don't know the rules of rugby, this will tell you the basics. (x post from /r/rugbyunion
Where the hell were these guys in Moneyball?! (possible spoilers)
The Red Sox Collapse and Tampa Bay Fans (Fixed)
ESPN pulls Hank Williams MNF opening song Are You Ready after he compares Obama to Hitler on Fox News.
Gut Check
Seattle Sounders win 3rd straight US Open Cup!
The 2011 baseball season in terms of hours &amp; minutes
How I knew the cardinals would win the NLDS
A hockey fan's guide to the World Series
Do any sports have anyone like Mario Balotelli right now?
Kick the Cards in the... Oh, I get it.
Tebowing [Fixed] - A Response to Tebowing
The 15 Greatest Athletes Of All Time
Milky Ways thrown 10 yards out of bounds
The best major league baseball scouting video ever.
Riots At Penn State Over Paterno
The Onion nails it once again
A young, deaf patron at the gym where I work asked me for a pen and paper to write me this note. The ensuing high-five was extremely satisfying.
Jon Stewart tells it how it is [Penn State riots]
Kyle Love absolutely demolishes Ryan Lilja on interception return
Lawyers sue Sandusky charity to prevent it from dissolving assets.
Is Stevie Johnson Destroying Our Culture?
All I Do is Win
A semi-accurate description of how Suh got suspended
Best Athlete Endorsement Ever
Tebow in the Endzone
David Stern on a hard cap and parity in the NBA
Ryan Braun Explained
Haseus on the Buffalo Bills. Check out when the post was made.
A little perspective from a Canadian on all the Tebow fixation on ESPN
Packers perfect season?
ESPN never fails to let me down..
After 0-13, Colts win second in five days
False Start- Everyone But The Center
He’s six foot something, fit as a flea, good looking – he’s got to have something wrong with him. Hopefully he’s hung like a hamster – That would make us all feel better. Having said that, me missus has got a pet hamster at home, and his cock’s massive.
If Tim Tebow doesn't win at least one playoff game, I will drink my own piss!
It's almost here
When you see it.. (best pic I could get)
Cincinnati's Andy Dalton becomes the first rookie quarterback in NFL history not drafted in the first round to make the playoffs
To all the Tebow doubters
The BCS needs a 6 team playoff system
Personality of the year: Mario Balotelli
Unpopular BCS Crowns Alabama National Champions, Endorses Rick Santorum, Spits On World War II Veteran, Pushes Elderly Woman Down Flight Of Stairs, Wishes Osama Bin Laden Were Still Alive [Onion Sports]
Manning to Nicks - Hail Mary GIF
Ravens fan's reaction to the missed kick
NHL's Tim Thomas declines meeting with President; I believe the Federal government has grown out of control, threatening the Rights, Liberties, and Property of the People.
alternate NFL logos
College basketball player ejected for Sick-Nasty Alley Oop dunk.
Madden NFL 12 Super Bowl XLVI Simulation Results Are In. And the Winner is…
I find this as impressive as the Griffin dunk and it happened in the same game.
Will Peyton Manning provide the same Brett Favre drama?
Thanks ESPN, I was very concerned...
The Oatmeal on Football
Seems about right
As an Asian-American living in the Bay Area, this is how I feel right now.
And he has been named. 
Linsanity Level 99
Detroit beats Dallas 3-1, winning 21 straight at Joe Louis Arena and breaking the NHL record for consecutive home wins.
The real ‘Linsanity’ has a dark past — and a devious future
ESPN Headline: 'Gook Double Earns Victory'
ENOUGH
Flyers goalie Ilya Bryzgalov tells reporter to shhhhhhhh in postgame interview
Kiwis vs Samoa 2010 Haka. They scary..
Fabrice Muamba Suffers Apparent Heart Attack, Reportedly 'Fighting For His Life'
So long Tebow! Peyton to the Broncos
Peyton Manning to sign with Denver Broncos
When did the Wizards change their logo to Hand Genitalia?
John Elway Has Spoken [comic]
do you ever feel this way about some callers on sports talk shows?
Just really likes cats...
Most likely best lacross goal ever. Plus it finished off his hat trick.
High School JV baseball brawl...
Greg Williams is dumb but I really don't like Roger Goodell - see point #2
As a Red Sox fan watching Josh Beckett today...
5 years of NBA hits and misses, all on one colorful chart
Last night Walt Frazier referred to Carmelo Anthony's game as omnipotent
world peace
Steve Nash after checking out of most likely his last game as a Phoenix Sun. Thanks for the memories, Steve!
When a friend from Wisconsin says they like the Heat
Very nice free kick
Junior Seau is reportedly dead - shot and killed - just 43 years old.
Floyd Mayweather To-Do List: Fight, Collect $45 Million, Report To Jail
What do you guys think? Bring these back on the field?
RIP--Carroll Shelby, legendary car builder and racing champion, dies at age 89
Why is Skip Bayless still alive?
I see your stolen basketball fans and raise you the original 
I'm looking at getting rid of my cable, but before I do I'd like to know of your favorite streaming sites!
Ever seen a baseball player do this?
Until then, the blood sport will continue to be the province of a handful of powerful people
I thought America liked winners.
Jack Twyman, NBA Star, dies at 78; was caretaker for paralyzed former teammate Maurice Stokes
US archer, Butch Johnson, will be competing this weekend to qualify for his 6th appearance in the Olympics. If he qualifies, he will tie the longest consecutive streak of Olympic appearances for a US athlete.
A friend and I are having a debate - what is the worst team to ever compete in a Championship game in major American sports? My vote goes to the 2007 Cavs.
Seems Legit
Are there any bigger fucking pussies in professional sports than golfers?  Phil Mickelson bitches about people taking pics with cellphones to the PGA commissioner
Goals of the week
This is an awesome data visualization of team shooting for the NBA playoffs
I know these guys do this every game, but I still marvel at their athletic ability
Tiger's on the U.S. Open leaderboard...
AWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO... AWOOOOOOOOOOOOOO...
Jerry Sandusky guilty on 45 of 48 counts
Times are a changin' in the US sports culture landscape...
Awesome Fenway Park infographic
What a nice man he is. 
Don't have a subscription that gives you access to ESPN3? Here's an easy way around that...
Fuck paying for cable. THIS is the best way to watch the X Games.
Spain, 3rd time in a row winner of a big Soccer tournament. Well done!
Here's how to score on a bunt with the bases empty (hint: it involves being really fast) (video) 
2005 story of how Joe Paterno fought off attempts by Penn State officials to ease him out

The strongest girl in the world is an Orthodox Jewish 10-year-old from NJ.
ESPN, there is a pretty easy way to make it stop...stop reporting every insignificant non update to the saga
Freeh Report finds Joe Paterno, Penn State culpable in Sandusky case - NCAA Football - SI.com
Either there's a glitch in the system or umpires are actually blind
 Rafael Nadal Withdraws from Olympics 
As sad as it is to be a Cubs fan, this is awesome. 
NCAA source: Unprecedented penalties against Penn State University football team and the school - I've never seen anything like it
Very soft hands...
(x-post r/funny)
End of an Era: Vi Ripken's days without being abducted streak ends at 27,100 (found safe)
Rogue MLB employee posts series of bizarre, hilarious messages to teams' Facebook pages
Usain Bolt sets a new Olympic record and wins the 100M becoming the world's fastest man...again!
OOoooohh, very nice!
Fox attacks Gabby Douglas, other US Olympians for lack of patriotism and fostering an anti-American feeling.
ESPN's Marc Stein: Dwight Howard trade is a done deal
Piers Morgan has a meltdown on twitter over Robin Van Persie's transfer to Manchester United
Heisman finalist is in rehab....for marijuana addiction.
Eagles fans should be worried
SportsCenter lately.
Damn Gina
Oh I'm sorry, was this your home run ball?
Messi yesterday at the El Classico
Lingerie football league released a statement saying that some of the refs they fired (due to incompetent reffing) are now working for the NFL. 
Sparkling Sunday.
Stay classy, South Carolina.
Reddit I submit to you my first link... 2012 Football Highlights Joshua Thielen Class Of 2014 Blair, NE (My Son)
The Onion Perfectly Summarizes ESPN: Debate Gives ESPN Executive Awesome Idea For Show In Which White Guy, Black Guy Ignore Timers And Yell At Each Other
New York Yankees Payroll
My take on ESPN's Heisman coverage this far into the season
The San Francisco Giants win game 1 of the 2012 World Series!!!
Sergio Romo is from my hometown. This is him throwing footballs into the crowd at a high school game last night.
Tim Tebow's Lost Emails
Zlatan Ibrahimovic Amazing Goal ( Sweden Vs England ) 4-2 - YouTube
You like gifs?
This is the way to show off a sport [Squash]
Dominique Wilkins submitted this unsolicited remembrance of Dan Roundfield for the New York Times The Lives They Loved memorial feature
Nadal withdraws from the Australian Open
Which NFL teams are most loved?
Steubenville High School Rape Crew Scandal... the cover up and the anonymous people trying to bring them down
I knew Adrian Peterson was different, but I didn't know how different.
Seriously though
Runaway Snowmobile Injures a Fan at the Winter X Games
Tuiasosopo interviewed: I asked him straight up, 'Was this a romantic relationship with you?' And he says yes. I said, 'Are you then therefore gay?' And he said, 'When you put it that way, yes.' And then he caught himself and said 'I am confused.'
LeBron and Kobe's All-Star Game warmups feature patches of all their accomplishments.
Top Ten Trick Plays of College Football
The many faces of coach K

This will always get me choked up and make my eyes watery as shit. Someday we'll go all the way.
Flacco, you've changed
Dennis Rodman says he's vacationing with Kim Jong Un in August. Crisis averted.
Maurice Clarett is making a comeback and not the one you expected
Wichita St. right now
Will Ferrell at the Michigan-Syracuse game
Someone found a solution to Suarez bite habit
Every time I watch Basketball
In Toronto, the Red Sox play the Blue Jays where in Boston, the Maple Leafs will play the Bruins
TIL a man tried to dribble a soccer ball from Washington to Brazil for the World Cup 2014, but got hit by a truck in Oregon. RIP Richard Swanson
Samardzija- Where have I seen this guy??
Will the two international foes form a dynamic duo, or forever be one of soccer's most famed rivalries of all time?
Steelers offensive tackle Mike Adams has been hospitalized in Pittsburgh after stabbing
Is there an actor with a head big enough to play the 21st century Barry Bonds?
PERFECT!!
Review and Commentary From A Patriots Fan - Puppy Bowl IV
PATS RELEASE BRADY!!!
Breaking News! UCF WR Ereck Plancher dies during conditioning
Pacman Dealt - Dallas just needs Ocho Cinco for the set
Blue Jackets News and Notes
Keep the NFL out of Canada
Euro 2008: Czech Republic beats Switzerland 1-0
The World Leader in Bad Predictions
The worst performers at Euro 2008 are... (drum roll)
Marian Hossa signs with the Detroit Red Wings (1 year, $7.4 Million)
The infamous eephus pitch
The 12 Types of Pickup Basketball Players: Which Type Are You?
Niki Ghazian: FHM Model Dishes About Hookup with Cristiano Ronaldo
Seven Free Agents Who Should Go To Europe
10 Reasons Baseball Is Better Than Sex
Paraguay's Super Sexy Javelin Thrower Leryn Franco
Is it time to panic yet?
Design+and+Branding+Trends%3A+Olympic+Games
Tony Romo Is a Better Person Than You
OK so baseball started in England, not the USA as we all were told, what then is the quintessential American game?
Johan Santana Broken Bat Single (Pinball style, crazy hit) [Vid]
Ole Miss stuns No. 4 Florida 31-30  
Cubs' latest failure is worse than ever
Top 5 Things I Hate about ESPN
Need Someone to Blame for Losing Cubs Fans? How About the Ten Worst Cubs of All Time?
Looking ahead to the NBA season using babes
The Rays win the pennant! The Rays win the pennant!
JETPACK STUNTMAN FLIES ACROSS CANYON [PICS+VIDEO]
New England Patriots Examiner: Steelers 33, Patriots 10: Turnovers, missed opportunities lead to blowout loss to Steelers 
Michael Jordan Clearly Is Involved With the Bobcats Day to Day Operations
0-14
The Heisman Trophy, what it means and where are they now?
Has the NCAA failed US College Soccer?
Vikings win NFC North, Bears go home
Jason Richardson 360 Slam Dunk, 12-29, Video
Jose Calderon of the Raptors has played 1/2 the season without missing a single free throw
Images - Ana Ivanovic joining the ranks of Ana Kournikova?
How Much Real Action Is There In An NFL Football Game?
10 Actors to Appreciate for Their Athletic Coordination
This Glass Pool Table is Sweet!!
Twitter chatter during the superbowl
Let's Stand Up To This Bullying and Grandstanding!  Local Sheriff has arrested renters on pot charges JUST to get to Phelps for one lousy photo.  
Rivals High - Amid the grieving, a rare act of sportsmanship
The 10 Worst Rex Grossman Moments
Tragic End for a Minor Leaguer who was traded last year for 10 bats
Syracuse Beats UConn in Six Overtime Big East Classic
Kickboxing double knockout.
I figured you guys couldn't get enough of Ichiro's throw.. so heres more
2009 Stanley Cup Playoff match-ups determined
Late 3-pointer by Allen brings Celtics even
The Unintentional Intentional Walk-Off
Brett Favre will meet Vikings coach Brad Childress late this week to discuss a possible return.
How not to treat the guy who catches your first home run.
Shaq admits to taking performance-enhancing cereals
holyshit, what a game! [nba western conference finals]
What 5 Players Could Outeat Charles Barkley? Best TNT Photoshop Ever, Video
Beyond Kobe &amp; Lebron: 5 Dream Pairings That Never Were
Worst person ever attacks Special Olympics torch relay
Selig upset with steroid leaks...Puh-lease.
Quantum Leap sorta predicted Superbowl XXX... 6 years before it happened.
For all its genius over the past 30 years, the NFL’s great failing has been its inability to develop its market beyond North America. 
Mark Buehrle on David Letterman
“Leaking (names) from grand jury testimony is a bigger issue than steroids in baseball, and nobody talks about that.” 
Some People Feel the Same Way About NBA and Porn: Pistons Rookie DaJuan Summers Races Porn Star to 4,000 Followers on Twitter
Is Lance Armstrong a Giant Douche?
San Francisco Giants have the most expensive beer in the league, according to this sketchy report 
Indians owner says that club will lose $16 million this season. But hey, at least it was money well spent.
 In all, an extraordinary 16 players from the 2001 Miami football team were drafted in the first-round of the NFL Draft 
What Matt Taibbi would do if he ran the NFL
Female Sprinter Might Be A Man; Usain Bolt Might Not Be Human
You can say race doesn’t matter, but a look at how we treat the screw-ups of Josh Hamilton vs. Josh Howard indicates otherwise
The No Fun League has fined Ochocinco for wearing an orange chinstrap during a pre-season game. Ochocinco reacts.
Redskins sold seats directly to scalpers
The Green Ranger is now an MMA fighter
Peter King Thinks NFC North is the Best Division in Football;Oh and That The Bears Will Be in the Super Bowl
She's a man baby! well, Partially.
Michael Jordan inducted into the Basketball Hall Of Fame.
Is anyone else fucking tired of listening to The Dave Matthews Band in front of every college football segment.
Lions dominate the first half against Vikings, en route to... their 19th consecutive loss. Goddamnit.
Can someone please find a video or picture of Jerry Jones' reaction to the Cowboys loss to the Giants last night?
Ochocinco planted those Bengals fans in the end zone
Q: What do the Cleveland Browns and possums have in common?
The Bears Jay Cutler Isn't Even The Best Jay Cutler
10 completely random (yet great) Top 10 sports lists
Get That Ball Boy a Jersey
He was screaming, I’ll f——- kill you! I’ll f——- kill you! 
No joke: 12-year-old boy schools Tiger Woods 
It's seldom you see this kind of respect in today's world. West Virginia fans were all class today.
Derek Jeter Jinxes Yankees
New York and Philly battle for title of America's Douchiest Fans (VIDEO)
Iowa loses to NW 17-10 Iowa at 9-1
Patriots VS. Colts this Sunday.  Who is going to win and why? 
Dan Marino Says S-Word On Live Broadcast
The 5'11 point guard from North Carolina posterizes Lakers' 7 footer Mbenga
In 1909, football was brutal enough that 26 players had been killed on the gridiron that year (!)
Cutler's Interception Totals Similar to Star QBs
Toby Gerhart is still behind Mark Ingram in ESPN's Heisman Watch despite having more than twice as many touchdown
Hines Ward calls out Ben Roethlisberger for not playing
Rasheed Wallace Goes Full Racial In Rant 
Brian Urlacher Blames Jay Cutler For Bears Losing Ways
Massachussetts Legislates MMA 
NFL playoff picture
Suh is a destroyer of worlds.
the most amazing golfer the world has never seen
At first, I blamed Caldwell for giving up on perfection, but after looking at this pic, it's obvious the players gave up too. 
Ovechkin Eats Penguins - The CAPS Rap
Karl Malone on Guns, Arenas and being a NBA player
Former MVP QB Rich Gannon offers to mentor 
struggling JaMarcus Russell. Al Davis responds how 
you'd expect.
Saints defeat Vikings 31-28 in overtime to win the NFC Championship and a ticket to Super Bowl XLIV in Miami. What a game!
How the hell did the referee miss that? Penalty controversy in Futsal Euro 2009 (Skip to 4:00)
Roger Federer def. Andy Murray in the Australian Open Final: 6-3, 6-4, 7-6 (11)
Huge Chunk Of Nation You'd Never Want To Meet Excited For Daytona 500
Crosby plans to follow up his hockey gold by taking a shot at a gold medal in Olympic diving.
McLaren F1's new aerodynamic innovation - a hole 
in the cockpit that the driver covers up with his 
knee/hand as he drives down the straight, gaining a 
speed advantage!
New Jersey Nets CEO yells at bag-wearing fan
Did anyone just see Obama on CBS playing Basketball?
a reason to watch women's college basketball
CBS Sports is anal raping its viewers today. They are covering the play of Molinari &amp; Els (two men that have NO CHANCE of actually winning) while ignoring that Woods and Mickelson are making birdies like madmen...and no one can see it happening. Way to go CBS! What jerks.
The 5 Most Badass (And Possibly Insane) Athletes Of All-Time 
Phoenix Suns to wear 'Los Suns' on jerseys for Cinco de Mayo in response to Arizona immigration law
Lakers sweep Jazz to advance to Western Conference Finals
The Onion: Nation Just Finding Out That Flyers Came Back From 3-0 Deficit By Reading This Right Now
Chicago Blackhawk Duncan Keith takes puck in the mouth, loses 7 teeth, only misses 7 minutes of ice time.
Soderling does it again!  Ends Federer's streak of 23 straight Grand Slam semifinals!  4-6, 6-3, 7-5, 6-4
Indianapolis Colts wide receiver Reggie Wayne misses practice after ex-girlfriend allegedly charges nearly $94K on his credit card 
Mets fan sketches a new picture after every game
I was a couple minutes late to a conference call, and walked into this conversation
In the 1920s, soccer was on the cusp of becoming a major sport in the United States. Then it all crashed and burned.
Fairy Tail Ending...Team USA Advances
Kevin Durant agrees to 5-year contract extension with OKC Thunder
State of LeBron: Live at 9, from his ego - Yahoo EVISCERATES LeBron
Spain has won the 2010 FIFA World Cup
George Steinbrenner died today of a massive heart attack. 
You ruined baseball and ran the most hated team in American professional sports for 38 years. RIP George Steinbrenner.
So Long Kid: Goodbye Ken Griffey Jr
T.O. has only himself to blame for his struggles finding a team
Shaun Powell, NBA columnist, addresses the hypocrisy of MJ, Magic, and Bird for criticizing Lebron on moving to a super team.
ESPN's Spiked Story About LeBron Among The Naked Ladies In Vegas
Fuck the Miami Heat, what I really wanna see is Shaq and the Celtics vs. Kobe and the Lakers in the 2011 Finals 
Tyson Gay upsets world record-holder Usain Bolt in DN Galan 100 meters
NFL referee admits he made game-altering mistakes in 2006 Super Bowl
Cards Reds Brawl Aug. 10
I see your worst football play and raise you this one.
FLY EAGLES FLY!
When I heard loudmouth large-nostriled afternoon host Colin Cowherd go off on unions in general on my way out of Lexington, I nearly had an aneurysm.
Sorry, Ines Sainz, you can't dress like a tramp, reap the benefits and the ratings of dressing like a tramp, and then complain when you aren't treated like a professional.
Rex Ryan Isn’t Like Other Coaches (set aside an hour for this massive article)
Bears vs. Packers - Monday Night
The Stig unmasks himself and is sacked.
#24 MSU UPSETS #11 WISCONSIN! GO GREEN!
McNabb got cheers, as it should be
The players who took part ... were completely fake. Last month, impostors pretending to be Togo's national soccer team traveled 3,500 miles from West Africa to the Persian Gulf, where they played a match against the national team of Bahrain.
Rutgers' Eric LeGrand is paralyzed from neck down
Boise State vs Alabama and Auburn: Why Boise State does not deserve to jump a 1 loss SEC team.
Tony Romo suffers fractured left clavicle in game against the Giants
Nation Disappointed by Great World Series Matchup
Monday Morning NFL GIFs With Tebow Fever and the Favre Shuffle
My uncle was a lifelong Giants fan, and sadly he never got to see them win the World Series for S.F.. So I visited his grave today..
Did the Vikings really cut Randy Moss for being a picky eater?
Another one of those never celebrate too early videos. 
Report: Donovan McNabb agrees to 5-year contract extension with Redskins
Forgiving Michael Vick is not forgetting what he did - ESPN
Raiders' Richard Seymour ejected after punch to Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger 
Richard Seymour ejected for bitch slapping Roethlisberger in the face [video]
Ohio State president throws rocks, ends up putting cracks in own glass house. 
EPIC snowboarder... cant wait for the season to start!!!
Cowboys win after Manning INT in OT
Great read about Danny Woodhead.  This is a team game. And that's what awesome about it, having everyone work together, toward a goal.
Edmonton's Linus Omark's EPIC Shootout Goal vs Tampa Bay
Video of the Metrodome collapse in Minneapolis. Unreal.
Danny Woodhead sells his own Patriots jersey posing as Modell's store employee
'Snack Time' with Rex Ryan
I guess Phil Jackson has a point...he's worked on Christmas Day 26 times.  
Blake Griffin Top 10 Dunks [High Quality]
McNabb and the Eagles looked awful against the Vikings tonight.
Turns out, this was a bad idea
Rodgers leads Packers over Vick, Eagles 21-16
The JETS were trolled...
The Onion on Cam Newton: Strong Side / Weak Side 
Did you know the Jet's Bart Scott is the voice of Ollie from Family Guy?
Baseball team logos ranked from best to worst.  Sorry Cleveland. 
Kevin Durant's Game Winner vs Knicks
It doesn't get any better than this folks... 
Go ahead...
Brian Urlacher is a wuss. His barbed wire tattoo doesn't connect on the underside of his arm.
Kim Clijsters wins the Australian open against Na Li! 3-6, 6-3, 6-3
Oversigning.com: Where 30+29+28+32=85.  A fantastic site on the practice of oversigning.
So good, you make your cousin front page news...
Let Nabokov Go!
High School coach removed from game for use of racial slurs: 'Y'all are playing n*gger ball. Y'all are not using your heads,' 
Lakers continue skid, lose to Cavaliers
Please, Please... Don't Judge me...
Love them or hate them, this pic is badass.
Manute Bol vs. William The Refrigerator Perry celebrity boxing. Worth it just for the spectacle.
Greatest tennis ace ever.  EVER!
Why does soccer have such a uncool/unlikable image problem in America? Will it ever change?
Cocaine Bear already knows what team will win the Final Four.
The NFL lockout isn't so bad. Look at these houses of some of the top stars. They're more like mansions with 7-8 bedrooms and 3-4 bathrooms. 
Now THAT'S a 3-point shot!
5.9 million brackets were made on ESPN.com...two of them picked the Final Four correctly. TWO!!!
Lebron James owns part of Liverpool FC
If I hear Duh, winning on SportsCenter one more time, someone is getting punched in the face.
The Inspiration and the gift of Tiger Woods - 
Bill Simmons, ESPN
Bill Simmons on the plight of Kings fans and small market NBA teams
So Carolina drafted Cam Newton....
This man had relations with 20,000+ women. 
TIL Kyle Korver has a clothing line and profits benefit underprivileged children. 
Charles Barkley's new golf swing......how did it get worse??
Six professional sports teams..
This celebration was way over the top, but he was just a kid. The Miami Heat acted as if they had won the title after their Game 5 win over the Celtics. Yesterday, DRose handled Larry Drew's praise with a smile and a few 'yes sirs.'
NHL's Atlanta Thrashers moving to Winnipeg
I am a Bonds hater but this is a pretty classy move.
Amazing over the shoulder catch by Adam Jones. Could even be better than Willie Mays' famous catch.
This is what a retirement speech is supposed to sound like. Fun, grateful, respectful, and honest. We'll miss you Shaq.
Greek Basketball finals are a bit different....
Vancouver 2 games away from Stanley Cup
Can we start using Lebron as a verb for failure in clutch moments?
Saw Labron James on the street and asked him for a dollar.
LeBron just doesn't fucking get it.  And he wonders why people hate him.
Are non-American players still seen as soft and feminine?
For all You Heat loving Pussies
This is who I've been following lately...
Vancouver asked the UFC for extra money so that they could hire extra security for the UFC event held in Vancouver on June 12th.  They felt that UFC would bring with it fans that were likely to riot.
The growth of soccer in America over the last few decades
Targuy Ngombo Lied About Age: Timberwolves Draft Pick Also Lied About Spelling Of Name
Sorry Lebron. It will never end.
I wish more American sports had boobs this nice flashing [NSFW]
Steve Nash - Training Day
Djokovic Sees More Competitive Era in Men’s Tennis After Winning Wimbledon.
Djokovic's Welcome Home Reception After Winning Wimbledon
File this one under: You gotta be fucking kidding me. Brett Favre wants to return?
2022 World Cup in Qatar may be played in 3 periods rather than 2 halves due to heat
Even worse than yesterday; It's shit like THIS ESPN!!!
Hey /r/Sports, I'm majoring in sports management and will be graduating next year. Can i get some advice from any of you working in the industry?
This is the most amazing slam/critique of Chris BOOMER Berman I have ever seen and I agree with every word. 
All-Star Game: Place your idiotic Joe Buck quotes here. I'll start.
Tom Watson Aces the 6th hold at the Open Championship
Myra Kraft, Wife Of Patriots Owner, Dies
Hope Solo and Abby Wambach on Letterman talking about the World Cup
A few days ago there was a post asking if the top women's soccer teams could compete with the top men's.  Apparently not - the Olympic Women's team lost to a club team of 15 year old boys.
Mind Blown while watching Around the Horn the other day...
This is still mind blowing 3 years on.
Pee-wee Herman stopped by the Cowboys' practice yesterday. I wouldn't have believed it if I didn't see it, either.
This is NOT an Onion headline: Real Madrid signs 7-year-old Argentinian prospect
LA has TWO soccer teams with a combined avarage attendance of 37,000 and NO NFL teams. Its biggest sports star (Kobe) lists a soccer team as his favorite team. Is this the most un-American sports city in the USA?
What is it about soccer that makes it not go away?
Is there anyone out there who is actually a fan of the WNBA?
Golf team suspended for nude photos. Check out the team captain's name. (SFW)
Nnamdi Awesome-o
Felony arrest warrants issued for LSU QB Jordan Jefferson, LB Josh Johns
Kobe has incorporated the Dirk fade away into his game (xpost r/nba)
Anyone else annoyed with ESPN's complete lack of coverage on the today's plane crash?
Perhaps the finest sport ever. 
Beautiful one touch football from Real Madrid last night
WTF cnnsi.com... The Yanks/Tigers game isn't over yet and this is on your front page???
 “Any society that will put (Hell's Angel president Sonny) Barger in jail and make Al Davis a respectable millionaire at the same time is not a society to be trifled with.” Hunter S. Thompson
Now that's a hit
Hey, Cliff Lee!
Looks like D-Wade found a new job during the lockout
Streaker dressed as ref blows a play dead in the UCLA-Arizona game. Then it gets crazy.
Man City completely dismantles Man Utd in a 6-1 victory
Can you make a 3?
Is there a place online that I can watch PTI? 
NBA cancels all games through Nov. 30
As a Steelers fan, this clip sums up how I feel about Tom Brady on game day...
Tim Tebow Get Tebowed 
LA residents start campaign to buy and publicly own the Dodgers as the team starts to go up for sale
Could a team playing Rugby style succesfully move the ball down the field in the NFL?
Jay Cutler was more of an Ali guy
The Greatest Play in Football History
Most overrated stadium/arena in America?
5 Highest Bungee Jumps in the World
Did Lee Corso just drop the F bomb live on national television?
Solid advice from EA Sports
Bears QB Jay Cutler breaks thumb on throwing hand; may miss rest of season
Tim Tebow is the NFL's Chuck Norris
So A&amp;M decides to move to the SEC, and then fires their head coach?
Tim Tebow - All I do is win!
This is the nastiest goal I have seen. Blackhawks kept it classy in this one.
This is how I feel every time I wake up on Sunday
Bowlers come to India's rescue:Australia vs India-1st Test
What do you think is a sports record that will most likely never be broken?
Deadspin Simulates the NFL's first Race Bowl - The Best White Players vs the best black players
Highland @ Connell basketball game, 5 flagrant fowls, these kids should not be allowed to play.
So yeah, Vince Carter can still dunk on people.
Me during Tebow's winning pass during Overtime
KC Joyner: Why Giants' WRs Top Packers WRs [Insider]
INCREDIBLE 2 minute volleyball rally during a game in China... both teams made some amazing saves!
Man Agrees To Drink An Entire Bottle Of Tabasco If Tebow Loses To The Patriots, Pukes
Katie Powell of Pekin High School drains an amazing buzzer beater
Ah yes, the great 1775 World Series between the British and the Colonists
There's going to be a new football league in spring of 2013
HS basketball player scores for the wrong team with 11 seconds left to lose the game.
Who would go to the super bowl now?  
The New England Patriots have not won a Super Bowl since they got caught cheating. That is all.
Literally the only prop bet I won this year. Thanks Papa Johns!
Nick Diaz tested positive for marijuana after his UFC 143 loss to Carlos Condit 
I knew something about the Knicks new guys seemed familiar
Knicks Trade Jeremy Lin For Selfish Asshole Who Plays Knicks-Style Basketball
Let me just lay down the gauntlet right away. Jeremy Lin will be the first full Asian-American player in the NBA...I’m unequivocally confident that he will not only make it, but be an impact player.
Furniture Removalists for Olympic Sport in 2012! 
Passionate and well articulated segment from Stephen A. Smith on Jeremy Lin and Ethnic Sensitivity
Insane high school alley-oop dunk
Bad Math
Chip-Equipped Ball Heralds New 'Money Ball' Era
50 stunning Olympic moments No17: Cassius Clay wins gold in 1960
Goals of the week
FA Cup 6th round Abandoned at 40' Tottenham 1-1 Bolton after Bolton's Fabrice Muamba collapses on the pitch. 
Brian Scalabrine Makes the Cover of Chicago Newspaper
Win the tip, hike the ball, alleyoop dunk.
Kentucky beats Kansas in exciting NCAA final
My mind was blown away when I looked at my bracket tonight after the game
Scumbag sports network. [FIXED]
Meta World Peace?
Worst people ever catch foul ball, rub it in the face of crying child sitting next to them, earn the scorn of Michael Kay
NBA suspends Celtics G Rajon Rondo 1 game for bumping referee Marc Davis
FINAL FOUR.......College Football
Orioles 1B Chris Davis strikes out Adrian Gonzalez in the 17th inning.
Key Witness In Jerry Sandusky Case Is Worst Witness Ever
College Football trick plays you say? I raise you the hardest executable Lacrosse trick play, but executed PERFECTLY
Usain Bolt dumped his girlfriend to focus on London Olympics
The Onion: Derek Jeter admits he only plays the game The Right Way for the pussy
Matthew Stafford comes up with a generous gift, times two | ProFootballTalk
2 outs, bottom of the 9th, up two, best catch I have ever seen to save the game.
James Harden beard forecast
The real reason football fans don't like their sports being called 'soccer' is...
How you can tell if someone is a bandwagon sports fan
Shit just got real. London police say Wimbledon anti-pigeon hawk stolen - ESPN.
Steve Nash sign-and-trade to the Lakers for picks
American women have reached another milestone in sports: For the first time, they outnumber men on the U.S. Olympic team.
Jiwan James, Philadelphia Phillies prospect, makes amazing catch
Basketball has always been my escape. Best picture I've ever taken
OJ Mayo is joining the Mavs
So I snapped this great photo of A-Rod at the game today
IAMA equipment manager for a professional sports team, AMA
Went to NBC's Olympic website to figure out when they were actually going to televise the men's 100m... was greeted with this GIANT splash screen. 
If you created a soccer team by picking 11 American football players and gave them exactly one year to train.. how do think they would fare against an Premier League team?
This is some pathetic shit Sports Illustrated
This should be in the Olympics
The Potato State Strikes Again
while visitng new york, my friend randomly got to meet steve johnson and teach him gangnam style.
Hey, its better than a paper bag
20 year old Manny Machado feints like a veteran.
Oh, Shaun White...
Every College Football Fan In 53 Seconds...heh.
7 years after being hit in the head in his only major league plate appearance, the Florida Marlins agree to give Adam Greenberg his one shot.
Teddy Wins! Teddy Wins!
ESPN to broadcast KHL games in October 
In their last game last two weeks ago. 
USADA report: Lance Armstrong part of most sophisticated doping program sport has ever seen
I don't know how the rest of you feel, but I think Vick can go a long way to redeeming himself and learning by taking care of, and respecting a dog as a pet. Also, in my opinion, Greg Couch is a terrible columnist.
The face of a man that just got fired
How Lance Armstrong’s Wall Fell, One Rider at a Time.
ONE TEAM. PSU Vs. Navy
NBC trying to make soccer look cool
Even this store is aware of which team is better....
London 2012 - Best Gamers Ever (great paralympics video)
How I feel when I realize an interestingly titled article is actually a Bleacher Report slideshow
And you wonder why Washington is so excited about RG3...
What a jerk!
Wiggins targets Giro and Tour de France double
Ray Lewis- Greatest player in the history of American Football. GO RAVENS!
Redskins fans dissect RGIII’s knee injury
Manning is definitely the Manning of old
he will win the next masters
Mason Plumlee with the big reverse put-back slam against Maryland
Cool American Football soda box cutout
innovative cheating
LPGA player bitten by black widow spider while on the course, uses a golf tee to remove the venom, and then finishes her round.
Oscar Pistorius weeps in court as prosecutors pursue premeditated murder  
Pistorius granted bail over girlfriend's death
Anybody watch Numbers Never Lie?
Craziest buzzer-beater I've ever seen.
Huge hit on Sidney Crosby
LEBRON JAMES DUNKS ON JASON TERRY
Mad football skills from a fat guy at the Milford Docks (Pembrokeshire, Wales)
Just a dog dressed as a hot dog eating a hot dog
Football (soccer) club doing amazing work in Pakistan's most dangerous urban area.
ESPN: LeBron James has a massive penis, it tastes delicious, and shut the fuck up.
Drug Testing Comes To The PGA
Ferrari FS 599 SUV [pic]
Getting Your Golf Game Ready For The New Golf Season
State-of-the-Art Tuning [pics]
Isnt it obvious the Patriots took a dive? - NFL is real like WWE wresteling
When Congress wastes time talking to Roger Clemens, the terrorists win.
League winners champagne confiscated
LPGA bans her SEXY calendar and say NO to SEX
E-mails obtained by Seattle lawyers show Sonics owners were talking last April about moving the franchise to Oklahoma City — despite telling the public and the NBA they were keeping the team there.
Tommy Lasorda is the foremost expert on Popes
Eight Belles, Steroids, and Horse Racing's Not So Secret Practice of Doping
Supreme Court won't take fantasy baseball case
NFL steroids dealer shot himself -- twice!
Big Brown Trainer Turns on the Jockey - The Blame Has Officially Been Placed.
Yankees find their catcher for stretch, trade for Pudge 
The most overrated position in sports
Favre shipped to Jets.  Finally we can play some football.
TOP TEN FANTASY FOOTBALL KEYS TO FAILURE
10 Worst Teams in College Football
Bulgaria gives up 139 shots on goal in 82-0 women's hockey loss
Mediocre NFL Players and their Playmate Wives
The New York Yankees fail to make playoffs for the first time in 13 years.  ESPN explains why.
Beckham Still Gets a Little Handsy with Posh
 Sliced and diced  It took 14 seconds to end Kimbo Slice's 15 minutes of fame. 
YouTube - talladega crash amp energy 500, the last angle is the best
Fuck yeah, I love ...........
Mike Ditka Suggests Football Take The Facemasks Off Helmets
If Boxing and Arm Wrestling had a love child...
Caitlin Davis is so cute and sweet, why did she get cut from the Patriots Cheer Squad?
Oakland A's Owner Wants Single Elimination Playoffs
Dwight Howard’s Making of a Superman Slam Dunk Winner 
Plaxico, after the shooting incident (cartoon)
Lebron James Already Has Made An Amazing Amount Of Dunks This Season... Here's Video Proof
Mike Tyson isn't just a FAThead now... he's also a FAT belly.
Kobe Bryant's MONSTER 2 Handed Block on Rasual Butler, Video, 1-6-09
The best job in sports
LeBron leads cavs to 28-6, best record in the NBA, while Celtics lose for 7th times in 9 games
Holy crap! High school team does a DOUBLE alley-oop.
Ways Not to Eat Too Much at a Super Bowl Party
Is it the end of the Punter Career?
 Jesse Ventura calls for Selig's indictment
Worst NHL own-goal ever...Vancouver Canucks fans hang heads in shame [vid]
Dwyane Wade Hits shot from opposite Free Throw Line, video
The NFL now has the very real threat of a work stoppage in 2011.
Starting pitcher Nick Adenhart of the Los Angeles Angels died in a car accident last night
NFL 2009 Schedule
Ronaldo's stunning 39-yard goal vs. FC Porto
Can Someone Tell Me What This Carolina Hurricanes Fan Is Doing? [video]
Jets release Favre, he's free to sign with any team 
Charles Barkley Plays By A Different Set Of Broadcast Rules - Charles Barklet
Roger Federer Wins French Open for 14th Major
USA leading Spain at half time 1-0.  If the US can pull this off it will be one of the biggest victories in the history of US Soccer.  Match cast here.
Norwegian footballer gently lobs one in from 40-yards out
Ben Roethlisberger Accused Of Sex Assault
Stay Classy, Cubs Fans - Cubs fan throws beer on Shane Victorino - Deadspin
YouTube - Hitler Upset Vikings Sign Brett Favre
I humbly appeal to the RedditSports community to FIX MY FANTASY FOOTBALL team. I have a terrible history of coming in last, and can use all the advice I can get.
The Babes of The 2009 US Open (pics)
An open letter regarding the Jay Leno Promo that was occasionally interrupted by a football game last night - Dear NBC, DIE
Jay Cutler's Week 2 In Soundbites
$1.1 billion will get you this...
Team jumps from 10 to 1 in ESPN's NFL Power Rankings
Brett Myers tries to kiss woman during Phillies celebration and is reeeeejected.
No. 10 Oregon runs past No. 4 USC 47-20 
hey reddit, saturday is the 112th big game between Berkeley and Stanford.  I thought this would be a good time to share with you the most incredible play in the history of college football.
Jimmy Clausen.jpg
Shaquille O'Neal paid for the funeral of a 5-year-old North Carolina girl whose body was found last week,
The Alouettes come back to win the Grey Cup with a last second field goal!
Incredible Game, Incredible Finish: Vince Young Leads The Titans Down The Field And Throws A Game Winning Touchdown With No Time Left On The Clock To Beat The Cardinals 20-17
The draw for the 2010 FIFA World Cup takes place today
Everyone Hates Duke: The Most Hated Dukies (Videos)
Uh Oh. Fiesta Bowl employees say bowl repaid them for making targeted political contributions to friendly polititians. 
Can You Find 10 Chicago Bears You Really Want to Keep?
Texas Tech coach Mike Leach is alleged to have isolated a player in a dark closet for not practicing with a concussion
The Real All-Time Home Run List
Chris Johnson wins NFL Offensive Player of the Year; Drew Brees 2nd.
Shaun White slams his face on the superpipe lip.
Previous Pseudo-Superhero Experience MAY Help You Win at MMA
A French judge has issued an international arrest warrant against American rider Floyd Landis for suspected hacking into an anti-doping laboratory computer
LaDainian Tomlinson released by Chargers after 9 years
The appeal of Curling.
New York Jets reach agreement with Chargers to acquire former All-Pro cornerback Antonio Cromartie - ESPN
 Rare Photos of Charles Barkley 
Ewww...
Coach Jim Playfair LOSES HIS MIND!
ESPN Sports Science: How Close Was Butler's Final Shot From Going In? [video]
Hits This Year? Jay Bruce Can Count 'Em On Two Middle Fingers
Terry Bradshaw spells it out for Ben Roethlisberger!
Ted Ginn Traded to 49ers
Blackhawk's Duncan Keith handles heckler from penalty box [video]
Bettman's worst nightmare: Montreal Canadiens Vs Vancouver Canucks. And it just might happen.
A Hockey Trucking To End All Hockey Truckings - Hockey - Deadspin
Just how credible are ESPN's 'experts'?
New NHL History video on Flyers captain Mike Richards
World Cup 2010 Soccer Calendar
Stuff White People Like: World Cup Edition
Umpire Jim Joyce's Wikipedia entry minutes after completely ROBBING Armando Galaragga's perfect game (NSFW?)
Colorado is the first school to move to the Pac 10
The Onion attempts to understand World Cup Soccer [Interactive]
Lakers win!
The more I watch Diveball, the more I wish they understood what real sports injuries are like.  And how you return to the game.
Longest tennis match in history (and it's still going on)
Just saw the Argentina goal over Mexico.  The guy was 5 feet offsides, but the refs didn't see it.  Is the officiating always this bad or is this World Cup just especially fucked?
Source: Bosh to Miami, will join Wade with Heat
Porn Star Promises World Cup Oral Sex To Twitter Followers
The Dutch national anthem is all about war with Spain.
Kobe vs. MJ: Detailed statistical comparison.
This Will Appeal To You ONLY If You Like Hot Women And Football (NSFW-ish)
Magic is basically just full of BS:  The only reason I came out was to play with Kareem and the Lakers.
I Share This Sentiment [pics]
Kenny 'Fucking' Powers Gets Signed By K-Swiss
When LeBron comes to Cleveland 12/2, everyone in attendance should be absolutely silent every time he's announced or touch the ball - not say a word and so not feed his ego
I will never forget this moment.
The MLB wants to tap into China's 1.3 billion fans, but will China eventually come to dominate baseball?
Anyone at the US Open yesterday and can tell me what Roger Federer said to make ESPN mute him? [vid]
Mark Sanchez is the new Matt Leinart
Ouch.
Boise State's schedule is easy.
Bears long-snapper Patrick Mannelly has a crazy website. 
Roy Halladay throws No Hitter in post season!
A 13-year-old Andy Reid participating in the NFL's 1971 Punt, Pass &amp; Kick competition. [VID]
BREAKING NEWS: I have as many NBA titles as Lebron James.
Michigan Football coach, Rich Rod's performance 'embarrassing'
We get it, the metrodome collapsed.
Dan Connolly, offensive lineman for the New England Patriots, nearly returns kickoff for a TD
By far the luckiest basketball shot you will see this year.
Someone please make a case to me why the SEC isn't by far the best football conference.
For the first time ever I'm watching hockey over football.
What happens when Marshawn Lynch grabs a Mario star?
49ers fan confession after research: Marshawn Lynch's run was best ever in playoffs. Ever.  Anyone got a clip to contest this proclamation...
DAE think ESPN needs to fire its headline writers?
I see your Ichiro throw and raise you a Dave Parker throw from the '79 All-Star game.  The behind-the-throw view is absolutely insane.
NCAA enforcement
Dumbest sport or dumbest sport?
Even Michael Vick a little uneasy about how easily people have forgiven him
Look who decided to show up at tonight's Lakers-Clippers game
NFL Player's Wife Has Labor Induced Early So That His Team Would Be Forced To Cover Medical Expenses
I wonder how many tries this took.
High School Football player here, check out my highlight tape
The toughest form of Football. Australian Rules.
The Truth About Race, Religion, And The Honor Code At BYU
What is it about the anti-soccer sentiment among Americans? Why is there so much hostility towards the sport by a large portion of the country?
Somehow, the headline just doesn't seem to match very well with photo...
Because no other teams really matter...
Video showing 70,000 Americans hating soccer
Football has been illegal in Scotland for close to 500 years
Exhibit #93425 on why Americans will never respect soccer
I wonder how much Stern will fine Cuban for beating the Lakers?
Why is it that we get really into soccer during the world cup but then ignore it for 4 more years?
First Retirement
Enough already with the epic fail...
Classy Lebron, classy.
What time is it in Boston?
Cleveland Cavaliers fans - how happy are you that LeBron's Miami Heat lost to the Dallas Mavericks?
Apple is releasing the LeBron James edition iPhone
So is this what it feels like when the Good Guys win?
Governor Kasich of Ohio makes Mavericks Honorary Ohioans For a Day
For Sale: 1984 Chrysler LeBaron
Amazing goal by Dos Santos in Mexico's 4-2 win over USA in the Gold Cup finals
I might not be a Cubs fan, but the way Eddie Vedder describes being a team's fan is something every sports fan can relate to
If you think American soccer is terrible, just check out Australian soccer
Brilliant goal by Darlinton Nagbe of the Portland Timbers! 
Beating Brazil was easy. Beating the ref was hard
THIS IS WHY WE HAVE r/soccer
Elin Nordegren, Tiger's Ex Wife, Has Moved On and is Now Dating a Billionaire.  Good for Her.  
LeBron Makes Surprise Visit to Cleveland to Play with His High School Teammates
There's a reason the head ref of today's soccer match looks familiar
The word choke has lost all meaning.
Alex Gonzalez doesn't seem to be giving a fuck
Which NFL team (That's not your favorite) are you rooting for the most?
Hey USC, the Ohio State, Tennessee, etc., this is how you respond when you think there is a violation.  The cover-up is always worse...
Why I love Ochocino (not a pats fan)
Sprinter clocks 15.66 for 100m in World Championships
SMU first-year kicker attempts an onside kick, what could go wrong? 
Did Jaws just says shit on the Monday Night Broadcast?
Am I the only one that thinks Mayweather is getting hated on way too much?
Maybe he shouldn't have said that…
The hold during the punt in the Packers/Bears game...
Too Much Moneyball: The story of the New York Yankees and their strategy for success
T-Clutch says Fuck yea 4 times after the 5th game against the Diamondback's
Boston Sports: From Underdog to Insufferable in Less Than a Decade
Look guys, he thinks he's beating me, ok that's enough!
Rangers tie World Series up at one game apiece!
I am being hugely entertained by The World Series
I must make this for my next tailgate.  I give you the Bacon Explosion.
The racism behind Steve Williams' hatred of Tiger Woods
Former Boston Red Sox Clubhouse Manager Preyed On Black Boys Decades Ago.
Now what happens ? The BCS standings are a statistical clusterfuck...and it's awesome NCAAF !!!
Occupy Clemson
Taking A Knee 101
Consp-E!-racy Keanu
When New England was asked if Denver would be a problem for them this week they responded with this...
What Aaron Rodger's is saying to Matt Flynn in the huddle...
I love it when Scott Hanson goes Quad-Box
Packers LB Brad Jones tackles fan running on to field (video)
Inside the BCS Football Scam 
Top high school football recruit chooses Alabama over his home state LSU Tigers during the HS All American Game. His mother isn't too pleased.
Condescending Mets Fan Wonka
How is Skip Bayless employed?
Justin Verlander Eats Taco Bell Before Every Game
What If Tim Tebow Was A Centaur?
Jeff Fisher to coach St. Louis Rams
Local grocery store held a ravens convention to support the team. I made sure to support the right team!
Brady and the Patriots beat the piss out of Tebow, Broncos Lose
Sarah Burke remembered as ski pioneer

When is it okay to teabag someone? A handy flowcart.
Found this on ESPN's page and was compelled to respond. [XPost from r/facepalm]
Nike Fuelband Commercial, awesome!
Do Yankee-haters consider Jorge an exception?
Indoor soccer 3/4 field buzzer beater
'At least 73' killed in Egypt football violence as supporters for both teams clash on the field after the game.
If you are one of the over 100,000,000 people will watch the Super Bowl today...
Why I don't feel bad for Tom Brady.  Not at all.
Baron Davis on Jeremy Lin

HoopsAnalyst predicted Lin's success 2 years ago based on statistics
Blake Griffin Top 10 dunks so far this season
Manny Ramirez is coming back - agrees to deal with Oakland A's.
WTF Clippers? This is not how you show fan appreciation.
TIL in 1920, a defending champion was defeated in the olympics by his own son.  
New Dunk Of the Year  (Gerald Green Windmill Ally)
The referees just stole that game away from Ashville
Brittney Griner #1 on Sportscenter Top 10 Plays....
My thoughts on Tebow going to New York
Jeremy Lin &gt; Tim Tebow for better passer in New York
Nike's best football/soccer commercial 
Michael Scott and LeBron
Consensus in DC: It's RG3 
Kobe System
Every year when the NCAA tournament is over. 
Video of first person to ever land a 1080 on a skateboard (he's a 12 yr old)
My reactions to all the Miami Marlins status' on fb for opening night in their new stadium
Report: Andrew Bynum not interested in playing for Team USA in this summer's olympics
Metta World Peace (Ron Artest) dirty elbow on James Harden 
University of Florida increasing their athletic budget, by eliminating computer science department
All I can think of when Mel Kiper tries to explain his draft predictions falling apart.
Brandon Marshall offers his thoughts on Junior Seau tragedy
A rare interview with former no. 1 overall pick Greg Oden about his injury-plagued career - Grantland
Pacquiao Interviewer: Boxer Didn’t Say Gays Must Be Put To Death, I Wrote That
Here’s a Great Photo of Dave Cameron, Barack Obama and Angela Merkel Watching the Champions League Final
ESPN on Sarah Burke's legacy
Awesome coach
Now that Paul Pierce is free on the weekends....
Pedobear Shows Up At The Courthouse For Jerry Sandusky's Trial
Ashton Eaton broke the world record in the decathlon Saturday, finishing with 9,039 points at the U.S. Olympic trials.
Men's Slowpitch Softball GIFs are the Greatest
There's a single hawk who guards Wimbeldon during the tournament...and it's been birdnapped! 
My Little Sister Scoring the Winning Goal...Majestic
Dirk Nowitzki Batting Practice
Roger Federer takes Wimbledon title, his 18th grand slam win and 7th wimbledon victory.
Tour de France sabotage? Tacks derail 30 riders

New Joe Mauer jerseys just came out...
Sources --Philadelphia Phillies, pitcher Cole Hamels reach 6-year, $140M deal - ESPN
When I try to comprehend the rules of American football
Indestructible Soccer Ball
Garrett Reid, the oldest son of Philadelphia Eagles coach Andy Reid, found dead in his room at training camp
Better late than disappear
Honey Badger dismissed from LSU
Crowd really getting into it at the USA vs Argentina Mens Basketball Game
How to Get Doping Out of Sports – A great insight into why athletes use performance-enhancing drugs
Augusta National admits first two female members - Condoleeza Rice, and banker Darla Moore.
best skateboard ever
Why Americans seem to be denial about Lance Armstrong: It seemed, to Americans at least, that the Europeans just couldn't bear a beating from a foreigner, so they had to spoil the story. The USDA is of course an American organization.
One of the best quotes I've ever heard on any sports documentary [6.50-7.22]
Oscar Pistorius loses 200 Paralympic final in stunning upset, complains about winner’s blades
Did you know that no MLB diamonds face west?
Facing the biggest obstacle in his football career, RG3 turned to a former Olympian for help 
Ravens fans chant Bullshit 
 
My perspective on the outrage over the blown call in
Seattle
Checkout this picture of my goal line stop from my senior year of hs football
Gotta love baseball
This is how I spent my Sunday afternoon
Abby's Dad is certain the Detroit Tigers keep losing because of her, left this note on the door for her when she got home from work tonight
Punter Chris Kluwe's Voice Is Heard in Gay Marriage Debate 
In case you missed game 1 of the World Series
How I feel as a Blue Jays fan right now
Wingo, Schlereth, and Bruschi squeeze as many Princess Bride references into one episode of NFL Kickoff as possible
Grinnell's Jack Taylor scores NCAA-record 138 points on 52-for-108 from the floor, 27-for-71 from three-point range and 7-for-10 from the line.
My Dad's Last Chance for The Hall of Fame
Big Ben... Big tears
As a journalist, this is one of the laziest ways of doing a story.
Eagles fire head coach Andy Reid
Oh Hell No - Eric Berry is scared of horses
First thing I thought of for Manti
Lance Armstrong Logic
Terrell Owens offers Titus Young some advice
FIFA reaffirms racism sanctions against Hungary and Bulgaria:   FIFA has rejected appeals from Hungary and Bulgaria to drop racism sanctions. The two countries have been fined and ordered to play their next two home matches behind closed doors. 
A 65-year-old woman was pulled over by police officers while driving through Tennessee after the officers mistook her car's Buckeye stickers — those commonly seen on the helmets of Ohio State football players — for a marijuana symbol
The day after the March Madness bracket was announced
Last year, at age 27, LeBron James was a lock for the NBA Hall of Fame. Which player, in any sport, do you think was the youngest shoe-in for the HOF?
Canadian parents are just as hot headed as Americans - Huge parent fight breaks out at hockey game
As a native of Augusta, this is how I feel about The Masters. (crosspost from /Augusta)
Michigan's Nik Stauskas makes 46 3-pointers in a row. (70-76, 92% in 5 minutes)
One facial expression really sums up the Lakers season
Levi's Stadium takes over from Candlestick 49ers with metal rivets at every seam
What's in a 5000 dollar box of sports cards? Michael Jordan.
Survey shows that the majority of NFL and NHL players support gay marriage- MLB and NBA do not.
America's team they are not
Virat Kohli is fiercely hit by a Ryan McLaren's bouncer in ICC Champions Trophy 2013
It looks that someone just downmods all the sports automatically as they are submitted.
Brett Favre on David Letterman (Video)
10 Tragic Athlete Deaths 
Dominik Hasek to announce retirement
NBA Ex-Referee Donaghy reveals extemely shocking scandal within the league. If true, this is definitely the worst scandal in sports history
The Top 8 Uninspirational Olympic Stories
Fan heckles injured hockey player, recieves instant karma.
Nfl: Aaron Rodgers Tries To Make A Fractured Packers Nation
George Steinbrenner is a crook, indicted for illegal campaign contributions and once banned for life from baseball. Too bad nobody mentioned those facts this weekend while recounting Yankee history.
4 Types Of Chicks Who Can Ruin Your Tailgate
Awesome High School Football Hit [VIDEO]
A hockey hit with broken glass, fan injuries, multiple angles... something for the whole family.
Joe Buck should be removed from MLB broadcasts yesterday...
Top 5 Golf Commercials
Inside the Dolphins cheerleaders locker room 
The Seven Most Surprising Things About This NFL Season
Oklahoma QB Sam Bradford gets flipped out of bounds that results in a Matrix-like flip.
From football fields to the television
Florida takes #1 in the final AP poll while Utah lands at #2
Cardinals stun Panthers 33-13
This is why Ray Allen is hot
Steelers down Ravens 23-14 for AFC title
The NBA’s midseason report card - Hot or not style 
18 NBA salaries that Obama needs to freeze 
USA Swimming Suspends Michael Phelps for 3 Months
Top Ten Awesome Dunks - Some unexpected videos made this list.
Remember when Slam Dunk contests were about the dunks?
Steelers' Jeff Reed Fights Restroom Towel Dispenser (Funny Pic)
Iverson Reveals His New Hair Style in the Eastern All Star Locker Room
Jay Cutler is going to end up on the Lions.  The Lions are going to win their division.  Where and how can I place legal bets now for them to make the playoffs?
Blood on the Ice
Harry Kalas has passed away. Collapsed in the booth just before the Phillies game.
My Dad Ranks My 7 Most Embarrassing Athletic Failures 
Who is this guy?  Soderling follows epic defeat of Nadal with a 6-1, 6-3, 6-1 bludgeoning of former number 4 Davydenko
Is Federer the best ever?  With French, wins a career Grand Slam.  Semifinals of GS for record 20th consecutive time.  More impressively, has reached 15 of last 16 GS finals, winning 10.
Lakers rally in OT for commanding 3-1 series lead
ESPN Snuffs Out NSFW POA Erin Andrews Peephole Video (EA Pics)
Greatest rugby tackle of all time [vid]
This guy thinks Vick should be allowed back in the NFL. I disagreed till I read the article. What do you think?
The Associated Press: Michael Vick reinstated by NFL
Remembering the greatness that was Bo Jackson 
NYC skate legend Andy Kessler dies at 49
Baron Davis tells his laptop thieves, Don't release my photos, or else. (Perez Hilton says, “Yeeaay! DO IT”)
Chris Benoit - Benoit's brain was so severely damaged it resembled the brain of an 85-year-old Alzheimer's patient.
Favorite Brett Favre press conference quotes - Shutdown ...  He's egotistical, unapologetic, petty...
Jessica Simpson used to dress as a sexy cheerleader for Tony Romo
Jay Cutler and His Brenda Warner Hairdo
Ohio State Buckeyes defend Michigan Wolverines against charges. This is classy.
Urlacher Out for the Season
USC drops to No. 12, Washington into Top 25 
Miguel Cabrera Hits Dismal .194 In Fight With Wife
Colts owner won't vote for Limbaugh's Rams bid
Three part video showcasing all Chad Ocho-Cinco clips and spots from HBO's Hard Knocks. After watching these, I have actually gained respect for the guy.
10 of the best coaching meltdowns of all-time
AshleyMadison.com offers Tiger $5 million to be face of brand
Jarrett Jack ties shoe during game vs Chicago Bulls - while possessing the ball during live game action!
Orlando Coach Steve Van Gundy Wants The NBA To Stop Games On Christmas, Saying I actually feel sorry for people who have nothing to do on Christmas Day other than watch an NBA game
The longest field goal of the year!
Top Ten Biggest Douchebags in Basketball
Stiff Arm Of The Year Goes To Willis McGahee On His Way To A 77 Yard Touchdown [video]
Did missed face mask cost the Packers? You decide.
Robel Teklemariam, the lone Winter Olympian for Ethiopia (cross country skiing) only has 15 fans on facebook. Let's change that.
Lane Kiffin leaves USC for dream job at GameStop
Champions League final tops Super Bowl for TV market
Student in Louisiana sent home from school for wearing Colts' jersey on a day that the rest of the school wore Saints' jerseys.
The Greatest College Football Team Ever
Slovenian Cross-Country Skiier breaks 5 ribs and punctures lung in training. Goes on to win bronze medal. In other news, I am a huge pussy. You probably are too.
THE VILLAIN.
The Rise And Fall Of A Hobby, In 12 Baseball Cards - Mint Condition - Deadspin
Brett Favre is now the first active NFL player in history to be a Grandfather...let the jokes begin! 
Ronaldinho left off Brazil's initial World Cup  squad
What the hell just happened to the Cavs?
8 Psychotic Overreactions by Adults at Youth Sporting Events
ESPN knows where LeBron will be happy.
Chris The Birdman Andersen's car IS FUCKING HUGE.
Paul Pierce Punches Ref In The Face
EPIC!! Wally Backman goes apeshit. Curses the umps, throws bats and balls all over the field.
LeBron James offered max contract... to play minor league baseball.
Woman planning paternity claim on Donovan, who's like whatever I'll take care of that shit.
Jared Dudley: LeBron to NYC
How should Lebron have broken the news? 
New reddit for Seattle Mariners fans. 
SFGiants rookie Buster Posey, July stats: 38 hits, .432 average, .511 on-base percentage, .815 slugging percentage, 18 game hitting streak
Amazing catch by Japanese player
Remember the guy who dodged the foul ball at the demise of his girlfriend? Shit just got real.
New Rule: Millionaires don’t get to complain about benefits. Reggie Bush, you’re a whiney bitch.
This video makes me really REALLY excited about the upcoming football season
Why Yankee fans are the lowest form of Sports fan
Ryan Grant on the front page of NFL.COM : ( [pic]
LeBron James is now the 6th most disliked sports personality.
Incredible Football Skills
My fantasy football Fuck You post for week 3
Interesting Snapple Real Fact
Hey NFL, watching overtime is a shit ton better than watching the beginning of a game. (Especially a game involving the Raiders.)
For every steal by Rajon Rondo this season, Red Bull will donate $500
A single month between playing as a defensive end in the SEC and the end of your life in a hospital bed.
Joakim Noah.
DeSean Jackson Award for most awkward analogy: We were like pit bulls, ready to get out of the cage.
Food for thought for all you Boise State haters: they've only lost one game in the past three years and it was to TCU...
Reddit: the Concordia University women's volleyball team just won its FOURTH straight national championship. Let's give them the well-deserved recognition they aren't getting elsewhere.
Stupid fucking NFL!  You make the rules and you fine people a shit ton of money for helmet to helmet, but then you have refs that watch it happen and don't call shit.  
Oh, so THAT's why the front page has been eerily devoid of posts about the Miami Heat in the past few days...
Cam Newton's acceptance speech: My parents do a lot of things behind the scenes that go unnoticed...
The world's best player (and he never dives)
Anybody else tired of having hear about these assholes every 10 minutes on Sundays?
Federer keeping it classy. 
Michigan State amazed by Alabama
Three Lakers overslept due to faulty iPhones
Brady Hoke hired as U of M Football Coach
The Onion SportsDome, best new show ever?
Can this stop already?  Rodgers has more than proven himself without comparing him to a naked old dude wearing crocs.
The best high school football player in America...just wow!
Chad Ochocinco is changing his name again.
Super Bowl and done? Everything you need to know about the labor dispute that could kill the 2011 NFL season
Jarrod Lyle hits hole-in-one in front of 100,000 fans. Greatest hole in Golf!
Application to become a Packers fan
Donald Sterling and the Clippers, in honor of Black History month, to give away tickets to underprivileged children.  So, to Sterling and the Cippers, being black in synonymous with underprivileged.  Got it.  
Shawn Kemp and Blake Griffin can both lick this guy's balls.
Longsnapper Zach Enyeart shows up the quarterbacks with his own trick shot video...I really hope this becomes the new thing.
Step aside NFL films guy,  This guy is narrating everything from now on. 
I don't really follow basketball but I have one response to all this talk about the Heat...
Rutgers just got totally screwed vs. St. John's in the Big East tournament
Jubilation in Newark
You see, we live on a small floating village. And space can be hard to find. 
See this picture. The guy in the middle isn't the trainer. His name is Shaka Smart, he's 33 years old and just coached VCU to the Sweet 16.
Ralph Nader proposes replacing athletic scholarships with need-based aid; says it will de-professionalize college athletes.
Sh☼wb☼at much?
Those NCAA championship t-shirts are oddly appropriate. NO 1 should be declared a champion after that game.
This isn't dodge ball, dumbass!
I'm not a baseball fan...but I've been a fan of Pujols. After watching his 60 Minutes interview, I can't *not* have respect for this man. He's a class act.
This chick is the greatest drunk Cubs fan in the history of drunk Cubs fans [video]
Portland Timbers' Timbers Army sings the Star Spangled Banner at a home game
This has no place in the NBA...2 ejections in 2 minutes...stay classy Lakers
LeBron James blatantly travels for a key bucket in last nights game. 
Top 50 Charles Barkley Quotes
Alex Rodriguez fingered his cousin....
Is anybody else sick of Sports Science???
Chris Bosh gets no respect. A defense for one of the likable guys in the NBA. (self)
LeBron and Wade, before game 5, showing extreme class and respect for Dirk. Just kidding, they mocked him on camera for being sick in game 4.
Give this kid some props.
Why basketball will become the most popular sport in the world within 20 years
The most disgusting picture in tennis history
Hey Canada, I'ma let you finish, but Argentina has the craziest sports riots
Why does soccer allow ties? Why not just eliminate ties and have definitive results?
Novak vs. Nadal at Wimbledon finals is one of the best tennis matches so far, start watching if you haven't already!
Unintentional(?) comedy.
I could forgive Rory McIlroy for not preparing for the Masters but this Brit wins 1 major &amp; blows off prep for The Open Championship? I'm ashamed to be Irish
r/Sports: Who is on your Personal Sports Mount Rushmore?
The Baltimore Ravens have cut McGahee (RB), Mason (WR), Gregg (NT), and Heap (TE) in the first 24 hours of the post-lockout. 
Final NCAAFB Pre-Season Poll Released: #1 Oklahoma, #2 Alabama
Texas A&amp;M to the SEC
We always say that if our best athletes played soccer we'd dominate, but are other countries best athletes really playing soccer? Why don't they have specimens like LeBron or Reggie Bush in soccer then?
Here's my replica LeBron James championship ring
Detroit is beating New England 16 - 3...this could be the Year of the Lion !!!
Corporate sponsors be damned, I'll call the Stadium what I know it as.
United States of College Football
Tiki Barber “has moved forward,” agent says 
With football taking over the world and soccer sinking into oblivion, I'd like to give thanks to God for creating the greatest sport in the world and gifting it to America
Texas and Oklahoma are staying put-- the Pac-12 decides against further expansion.
Rules to the Game: Rugby.
EVERYBODY, JUMP ON!!!
I'm all for cancer research/awareness, but is anyone else tired of this already?
Greatest sports weekend in Wisconsin history and we went 4 for 4
Some of the best recent soccer goals [video]
LSU Excessive Celebration Call
#21. Deron Williams mysteriously disappearing for 36 hours in December, followed by a press conference in which Williams (with fresh bruises on his face) sits next to Mikhail Prokhorov and announces that he's inked a lucrative extension to remain with the Nets.
The St. Louis Cardinals, down by two runs in the bottom of the 9th and AGAIN in the 10th, come back to beat the Texas Rangers 10-9 in extra innings (11) to force a game 7! 
Aw DAMN, Dallas. My Eagles put a whoopin on ya. But to show I'm good natured I made this picture.
A great collection of Michael Jordan photos from his photo book 'Rare Air'
Tennessee gets kicker on game day while he's sitting on couch at his frat
Mike McQueary Will Have to Publicly Live with His 
Cowardice
Penn State and Nebraska observe a moment of silence pregame. (picture)
Football is corrupting America's universities: it needs to go (Cross post from r/education)
51 year old beer league player signs one day contract with the Minnesota Wild. Hockey fan or not, this story is pretty cool.
Sandusky: If I say 'No, I'm not attracted to boys' that's not the truth because I'm attracted to young people- boys, girls. I enjoy spending time with young people, I enjoy spending time with people.
We now live in an age when elite NFL quarterbacks wear soccer jerseys to interviews. This would have been unimaginable 20 years ago.
MMA Fighter On the Run, Fears For Life in Thailand
Jerome Simpson's flip touchdown (real time/good quality)
Falcons not happy that Saints went for record
Broken Ankles 
Mark Buehrle and Family Move Outside Miami Due to Pit Bull Ban
Christopher Lloyd made a surprise appearance at the Broncos/Steelers game.
The experts
As a Bengals fan, and after our game yesterday knowing this is happening brings me great joy. 
Angels to reacquire Mike Napoli in exchange for Albert Pujols And C.J. Wilson
Found this in a pile of trading cards in my room (1991 Fleer Brett Favre)
Everyone has a straight forward head shot on ESPN....everyone but Tom Brady.
ESPN jumped the gun a little early with that first alert...
NBA All Star game voting 
Meanwhile in the NBA.....
MLB owners are in it to make money, not win championships 
Blake Griffin has a history of making very big men look very silly
Anyone else think this hype surrounding 17 and 18 high school football players about which college their going to choose is becoming disgusting? 
What Would the End of Football Look Like?
ಠ_ಠ
Question regarding Jeremy Lin?
Ryan Braun wins appeal, will not be suspended
One of the greatest snooker flukes of all time.
Kobe Bryant Was The Pied Piper Of R&amp;B For One Half In Detroit
Why didn't ESPN show this clip from the Clippers/Nets game?  It should have been a top 10 play of the day, but they didn't even have it in the game highlights.
A smiling Fabrice Muamba picture released!
Ronaldo vs Nadal - Badass Nike Soccer commercial
All of the new NFL jerseys from Nike
Why the Stanley Cup matters so much. If you've ever wondered why hockey fans are so fanatical, this is why.
Bear Grylls throwing out the first pitch...with the ball on fire
Warren Sapp files for bankruptcy 5 years after retirement.  His average monthly income is $115K.
 25 years old Piermario Morosini  collapsing during game 14 april 2012 R.I.P.
Maybe the Mayans were right... Its the only thing that makes sense.
Rondo likes to have some fun at the tip-off
After learning this -- I'm rooting very hard for Rivera to make a comeback and pitch again!
o_O
Louis CK spotted at NY Rangers - NJ Devils Game 2 (xpost from r/hockey)
Video proof a Chicago ABC station identified Metta World Peace as Lakers Idiot
The girl who changed Magic Johnson
Can someone make a gif of LeBron swatting Rondo's shit just now? Thanks.
Being English...
LA Kings win their first Stanley Cup in franchise history
Hey r/Sports; Can You Help a Redditor Become Canada's Next Sportscaster?  I'm a Top 24 Finalist, but I Need Votes!
English Cricketer Tom Maynard dies at age of 23
Kobe
Double amputee Oscar Pistorius to compete in the individual 400 metres and the 4x400 relay team for South Africa at the London Olympics
42 years ago today doc ellis threw his LSD no hitter AND 33 years ago today it was disco demolition night in Chicago
64 Nations Can Watch the Olympics Free and Live on YouTube, and the U.S. Isn't One of Them
The UNC-Chapel Hill academic fraud may be linked to Julius Peppers, which would bring basketball players into the fraud 
Tyrann Mathieu in rehab center.
Whoaaa. Well done ESPN
Little League Manager Fires His Team Up
Cool read on the x's and o's of modern football offense
I could watch this over and over
Florida girl makes history, plays QB in high school game
As a Chicago Bears fan now..
I knew Canelo looked familiar ...
NFLPA Executive Committee Absolutely Kills NFL Owners And Roger Goodell For Locking Out Officials
I posted this on Santonio Holmes' facebook page.
MLB reversed the colors of their logo for the postseason. I wondered how other leagues would look if they did the same thing.
'Shocked' Williams wins U.S. Open final thriller 
We are not gladiators and this is not the Roman Colosseum. This is a game. This is a game that's going to cost us a lot down the road. That's OK. We picked it. We deserve it. I don't want your pity. But we've got a lot of problems as a society if people think that's OK.
Lost a lot of respect for Michael Wilbon (from ESPN's PTI). Yesterday he said he didn't have time to care about the Stratosphere skydive/jump, equating it to caring about the Kardashians and secretly wishing Felix Baumgartner had gotten stuck in space.  At least he was thankful he didn't burn up.
Lance Armstrong ‘deserves to be forgotten in cycling,’ federation president says - The Washington Post
Colin Cowherd on the Cowboys IQ. 
Chip Kelly named Eagles new head coach
Manti Te'o fake girlfriend bobblehead night: Minor league baseball Florence Freedom's wacky giveaway
Phil Mickelson's putt for a record 12 under 59. This is not for the faint of heart...
Vonta Leach from the Ravens came into the cake shop where I work tonight, of course we all had to get a picture with him! He went to ECU where I currently go to school. Thought it was cool enough to share.
South Africa's Pistorius shoots girlfriend dead: media
Dog Bites Man: Former MLS player Robbie Rogers retires, comes out as homosexual
Should Transgendered people be allowed to fight professional MMA fights against men and/or women?
4 Hilarious Moments of Animals Ruining a Sporting Event
Tiger hits a shot off the flagstick and into the pond.
Austrailia is gonna be pumped when they wake up in the morning
LeBron James's dunk on the pacers in game 7
 Adidas Intelligent Soccer Ball
Help your team to victory by letting Tony Romo know the love  of his life is in the stands!!!
Perfect season? Patriots Fail.
Favre tells Packers he's retiring
The Truth About Your Abs: Part I
Top 50 MLB Players for the next 5 years (Rob Neyer)
Dolphin Secret Revealed by World-Class Swimmer
Terrell Owens Loves Porn
When are we going to see some real change in the BCS, the finger pointing continues
Chris Cooley on NFL drug testing: How do I end up in a bathroom stall at the Borgata with my pants around my ankles while a man named Bill stares at my penis?
Editorial:  USC Should Sue the NBA for Serving up Tainted OJ
Minor leaguer traded for 10 baseball bats
EURO 2008 Tournament Schedule - just simple Excel file and it automatically calculates the standing of every team!
Huge Comeback: Boston rallies from a 24-point deficit to beat the LA Lakers 97-91, taking a commanding 3-1 lead in the series.
Manny Ramirez is tired of the Red Sox and would agree to a trade that would make both sides happy
Cheerleaders: When It Comes Right Down To It, Maybe Cheerleaders Really Are Just A Bunch Of Brazen Exhibitionists
So.. Is there going to be a reddit fantasy football league(s) this year? If not, lets make one.
Olympic weightlifter turns elbow back to front (Warning, Graphic Pictures)
Crowned: The Greatest Player In The World
And now for the true results. Number one medal winning nation of the Beijing 2008 Olympics is . . . Jamaica. Bahamas came 2nd, USA 41st, China 63rd. Better luck next time guys
The Obligatory USA Women’s Gymnastics Team Bikini Pictures
 College Football Fan Gets HJ on ESPN College Gameday! 
Brown's five touchdowns lead Dolphins to blowout over Patriots
Final curtain for the Kimbo show: Kimbo Slice Vs. Seth Petruzelli [VIDEO]
Brett Favre Puts Wisconsin Home on the Market (Photos)
Ryan Clark nearly kills Wes Welker with a nasty hit in the Patriots game (Video)
 Stolen OJ Memorabilia  [cartoon]
Miss Football Sondra Fortunato Booted from Giants Stadium for Skimpy Outfit
The Price of Pain: They all go through a shellacking at the end of their career - Ali, Holmes, Tyson - and yes now De La Hoya
Remember the Mighty Ducks' Flying V? They used it in college football over 100 years ago. People died.
Does anyone else find Chris Berman insanely annoying and wish he would just go away?
Steroid Gave  American Gladiators Star Man-boobs And Painful Intercourse
LaDanian Tomlinson to play next game without groin
Conan O'Brien hates the Fox robot too 
Cardinals edge Eagles 32-25 for NFC title
BJ Penn on Licking Blood and Winning Belts
Alex Rodriguez tested positive for steroids in 2003
This is retarded
Now-suspended cop detained NFL player for traffic violation, while his mother-in-law died @ hospital.  What an asshole cop.
GOODNESS GRACIOUS THAT’S EMBARASSING!! Pittsburgh Pirates lose to Manatee Community College
Boston University's furious rally down 2 w/a minute to go.... leads Terriers past Miami (Ohio) for frozen Four title - ESPN
How (and Why) Athletes Go Broke
The Funniest MLB Player Pictures from Yahoo! Sports 2009
25 More Of The Ugliest Athletes Ever 
Alex Rodriguez is a steroid user who told opposing teams batters what pitches to expect, and a poor tipper
Why Manny Pleaded Guilty...Iron Clad Evidence of his Guilt 
LeBron's buzzer-beater saves Cavs' season...and maybe the franchise itself.
 Best Hockey Fight Ever.   76 punches in 30 seconds.
How Can Tiger Live With Himself
It was perhaps one of the greatest plays that never was. Jones, Young team up to make best non-catch in Pirates history. [Vid]
Arena League shuts down – United Football League, take note 
Younis turned down the offer to lead Pak in T20

Sports Illustrated boycotts Favre.
Holy shit, I bet that will teach him to stop hitting balls in the water!
Raiders Achieve First Down
Plodders Have a Place, but Is It in a Marathon?
Why did Deadspin, a sports site, decide it necessary to bring down two careers and a marriage over a broken-up affair?
Iowa State post-game locker room scene after beating Nebraska.  You can tell these guys are happy.
BCS--FFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUU
Home Sweet Dome: noise levels during Saints - Patriots game were between thunder and chainsaw
Oregon beats Oregon State; Rose Bowl will be Oregon vs Ohio State.
Danica Patrick Signs with NASCAR
The 12 best trampoline dunks of all-time
Mark Ingram wins the 75th Heisman Trophy - ESPN (darn)
Unbelievable Baseball Catch 
Apparently Charlie Weis taught Jimmy Clausen how to pick up chicks
Derrick Roland's Leg Injury Video Made Me Shriek Out Loud
The Real Reason Urban Meyer Changed His Mind
Alexander Ovechkin has drawn a line in the sand with the NHL in terms of Olympic participation. The reigning Hart Trophy winner plans on participating in the 2014 games in Russia, stating that he will risk suspension to play for his country even if the NHL is not formally involved.
Mike Leach Fired by Texas Tech!
Pat White Gets Knocked Out By Ike Taylor (Video)
Anyone else watching the Bengals-Jets game and surfing reddit?  These announcers are horrible
Guido Ditka (pic)
Hockey player forgets to remove the skate guards
LOST: One Olympic Gold Medal
My God! Who do we piss off? One of the most powerful owners in the NFL, or the coach...who just won the Super Bowl?  Saints drink Jerry Jones' last bottle of wine and leave him a note.  (Peter King)
Red Sox Nation ad proclaims 'Yankees suck'
Things Get Ugly Between Agassi and Sampras at charity event
NFL overtime rule change approved by owners
Tom Izzo from Michigan State is either improbably lucky, or incredibly talented. (With graphs)
ESPN chooses to show UNC spring college football inter-squad game over El Clasico. (Cross post with r/football)
Ben Roethlisberger will NOT be charged for sexual assault
Our economy is based on LeBron James. A video tourism guide to Cleveland!
Los Suns Jerseys a stroke of good luck as Phoenix defeats the San Antonio Spurs in Game 2. Oh yeah, and they played pretty well,too.
Adorable Little Girl Makes Between-The-Legs Dunk
Ken Griffey Jr. Falls Asleep in Clubhouse and Misses a PH opportunity
Darelle Revis seeks $20 million/year contract extension. This is why owners and coaches shouldn't brag about having the best defensive player in the league.
Would anyone be interested in a Fantasy Sports specific sub reddit?
Ron Artest's New Single ain't so bad.
Raymond Domenech, France's Football Coach, showing his French grace at the end of game against South Africa...
Reactions to Landon Donovan's historic goal.
WTF? England gets robbed. How do football fans put up with these horrendous calls?
New use for a vuvuzela
LeBron fan buys 'Jersey Necklace' for $5 at a yard sale, gets it appraised and finds out it's worth nearly $10k
20 college basketball coaches were anonymously asked what was wrong with college basketball...here are their answers
Terrell Owens has signed with the Bengals
Indians Apologize For Not Having Ace Pitcher To Trade To Contender This Year
Meanwhile, in Oregon....
Florida Marlins Delay Game Until Their Fan Shows Up
Manny Ramirez' final act as a Dodger: arguing balls and strikes -- with the bases loaded -- while in as a pinch hitter, and getting ejected. Good riddance, you douchebag.
30 Best Hairstyles in Sports History (PICS)
Haters gonna hate.
QB Phillip Rivers' greatest tantrum yet
One of the Smallest players in the NBA vs one of the tallest [pic]
Cyclist Alberto Contador, winner of the 2010 Tour de France, has said he has tested positive for a banned substance.
F%#k Phillies, We roll...
Curious to hear your answers to this: What do people expect the Yankees' GM to do? Not spend the money he has available to put the best team on the field? Would you have respected Steinbrenner more if he pocketed the cash instead of putting that money back into the team?
5 Quotes by Kenny Powers to Educate Your Dumb Ass [might be nsfw for some of you]
Breaking: Heisman front-runner Cameron Newton allegedly sought 6-figures for his recruitment.
Hey Reddit, does anyone here actually BELIEVE this Cam Newton scandal nonsense?
Six years ago today The Malice at the Palace went down. Let us remember.
The Bengals were winning 31-14 at halftime. The one-win Bills ended up winning 49-31.
Damn Cleveland, nice signs. I especially enjoy the Like Father, Like Son. one.
Pete Sampras has most of his trophies and Olympic ring stolen
Blaire White I'm Sorry
Bengals set record for number of appearances in other teams' highlight films
Tricky Hockey Goal.
Hype doesn't win games
Girls make a new world record in Pakistan 
DJ Mbenga saying Tacos.  It is two seconds, and it is well worth your time.
Mark Cuban exploring BCS alternative, it has to happen sometime, right?
NFL Considering Real-Life First Down Laser Marker
UCONN passes UCLA for most cons... oh, wait, never mind, they beat 89 girls' teams in a row... 
Dear NFL announcers: Please stop calling the Saints world champions  only America plays
Ozzie Guillen's Son Obliterates Bobby Jenks on Twitter
HBO's 24/7 Penguins Capitals - A beautifully produced documentary that any sports fan would love, has made the 1st episode available in its entirety on HBO's YouTube channel.
His teamates have nearly ended guy's careers with a head shots but now that Crosby had a couple little hits he finally speaks up. 
It's pronounced Ore-gun. NOT Oray-gone
TIL the Chicago Blackhawks have a full-time National Anthem singer
I agree the Packers are America's Team... Go Pack
The greatest Super Bowl in my life...Giants 17, Patriots 14
A very poignant analysis of the Super Bowl and the state of America.
Justin Bieber's Ringtone Makes Him Not Such a D-bag - It is From The Mike Gundy Press Conference Meltdown
Get football out of our universities  
Wow. Blake Griffin is something else.
Tapes Claim Cam Newton was in the Room While Being Shopped to Mississippi State.
NHL Ref Likes It When He Gets To Jump Over Puck
Does anyone else think that the Sports Science guy is a douche?
I miss this man.
Why are teams like Butler and VCU so beloved in college basketball, and yet we revile teams like Boise State in football because they are undeserving?
This Year of the Quarterback thing on ESPN kinda reminds me of people asking Why don't we have a White History Month?
The Greatest Play In Baseball - Rick Monday Saves U.S. Flag
US Women's Hockey Team Wins 3rd Straight World Championship
Mark Hominick and the alien coming out of his forehead!
Fuck Yeah, Frankie!
And then Kobe said...
Six FIFA members accused of wrongdoing in bidding for 2018 and 2022 World Cup sites.
Greivis Vasquez is not very liked.
Mavs close out Thunder on 25-6 run after Harden fouls out, take 3-1 series lead.
Bruins move on to Stanley Cup Finals!
Rutgers coach Greg Schiano wants to drastically change kickoffs. I'm with him.
Plaxico Burress released from prison
Pryor was paid $500 to $1,000 each time he signed gear by Columbus businessman. 
Meanwhile in Cleaveland....
Just a reminder: The US soccer team is playing Mexico tomorrow for the Gold Cup in front of 90,000 people at the Rose Bowl
Dallas Cowboys WR Roy Williams Suing Ex-Girlfriend, Miss Texas for $76K Engagement Ring
Gus Johnson Calls the Abby Wambach goal
Ndamukong Suh Is a Katy Perry fan and shows off his moves
Our local sports team decided to be trolls. 
2011 Tour de France Results - What a race!
TIL football was in the Olympics in 1932 (LA). It was predicted that Chances are the game will become an international pastime before the memory of this night game dies away
Flatland skimboarding 
Gus Tinucci on Randy Moss retiring: 'He just wasn't a nice person'
Has he really convinced us that he's a changed man? Or does it just not matter when you play football like Michael Vick -- Will Leitch
I don't think this was the John Madden that directed Shakespeare in Love....
Rice's Marching Owl Band (M.O.B.) mocks Texas Longhorns
Hands down, my favorite new pump up speech. 
What If Everything Worked Like BCS: The Spelling Bee 
Manning has Cervical Fusion Surgery this morning.  Out for minimum of 2-3 months.
I'm embarrassed to be a Boston fan.
Holy Shit Baseball.
This is the cheeser that ended the Red Sox season. 
Geelong wins AFL grand final 
St. Louis Cardinals go from 10.5 games out of the playoffs to a World Series Berth in 6 weeks...  Phenomenal!!
Am I doing it right?
Will Mark Cuban Step to the Plate as Dodgers New Owner? - Forbes
Joe Paterno to retire after Bowl
If you took part in any of this last night...
Penn State student calls into Boomer and Carton in the Morning to defend Joe Paterno, gets absolutely destroyed
Picked up this tee shirt in Australia 6 years ago as a remake vintage tee. Never known who Penn State was. Until now. 
Faces of Sports Celebrations
This brings me to tears on how unified a university can be when they lose part of their family
Football kickers: They're the IT guys of football teams.

Running, Running, Running...
The All-Tebow Team - 9 Athletes Who Have Succeeded Despite Unconventional Styles of Play
How I feel when everyone talks about how great of an NFL QB Tebow is...
Premier League 11-12: Where anyone can beat anyone (x-post from r/soccer)
Tebow-Brady Sunday Matchup Provides CBS Its Best NFL Rating in Four Years - Bloomberg
Logan Morrison plays a joke on twitter and someone falls for it big time
This is one of the dumbest polls I've seen in awhile
What I thought about during the Fiesta Bowl
No one but the NFL supports this rule. It's time for the NFL to listen to the fans and do the right thing...FL Legislator, fans seek end to NFL blackouts
What Joe Paterno must be thinking right now...
Ball so Hard
I hate you, Bleacher Report. 
This is how we watch the Super Bowl(s)
GIANTS WON!
What happens when a Canadian living in Toronto announces he's a Bruins fan...
Austin Rivers Game Winner vs UNC
Clipper Darrell's betrayal — of the Clippers.  The unofficial cheerleader has entertained fans and received free tickets. Now he wants to be a paid spokesman, but without following team rules, and he's made the Clippers look like the villain.

Greatest child sporting prodigies of all time
 Boxing's Newest Star? She is 18 and From Afghanistan and training for the 2012 Olympic Games. 
Sachin Tendulkar made his 100th century
Mortensen -- Manning to Broncos ... more coming on ESPN
How Tebow's faithful see Peyton Manning
Tebow to Jets for 4th rounder
God dammit, Jets!
The Onion: Broncos Receivers Worried Peyton Manning Going To Expose How Bad They Are
Minnesota Vikings fan on the teams current state.
sad reality
Serie B (Italy 2nd division) player Piermario Morosini has died after collapsing on the pitch during a match
Soccer match in Italy delayed when fans demand the team hands their jerseys over
How I Feel On The ESPN Comment Section When They Talk About The Bulls
Why does many Americans look down on football/soccer?
Has any sport league ever had as dramatic an end of a season as the Premier League had right now?
Jesus fucking christ MLB, have you already forgotten how unfair this was?!
Eric Kelly - Boxing Trainer Extraordinaire [NSFW]
Hey Reddit, I have been working on this website for over 3 years. Our goal is to have a database of every single competitive athlete in every sport. We are launching this summer, its called Amateur Sports Database or asdb.com
Would it be easier to play NFL WR with a baseball glove or MLB OF with only WR gloves?
Tomorrow is going to be Massive: ECF Game 7 (Heat vs Celtics), NHL Finals Game 5 (Kings vs Devils),  Pacquiao vs Bradley, Euro 2012 Germany vs Portugal...
I love these fans...
If the Heat win tonight...
After H1N1, a spinal injury, class 3 concussion and losing my ability to walk; Doctors said I may never walk or do any kind of sports if I do walk again.  Sometimes, love of a sport is the greatest medicine.
Lin vs. Spoelstra
How the Scripp's National Spelling Bee should be if it's going to be aired on ESPN.
My favorite hit from the All-Star game
Soccer finally gets some respect!
Alright Reddit, let’s do some good. South Sudanese athlete and refugee Guor Marial needs your help to compete at the London Olympics as an independent participant. Sign the petition to lobby the IOC and make this man’s dream come true.
Welcome to the Yankees
Zack Greinke looks like he's in a different place than his teammates after learning he was traded to the Angels. 
NBC apologizes for Olympics spoiler: 'This will not happen again'
Now that the Olympics are over, what sports should be removed for Rio 2016? Or added?
How all the old Lakers felt when they got Dwight 
The Sexual Prowess of Wilt Chamberlain: 20,000 Women?
Ridiculous: Floyd Money Mayweather is back in action and has put $3,000,000 on Michigan against Alabama!
Broncos linebacker Von Miller has a tattoo of Pac Man eating fried chicken, watermelon, cash, and a ghost hater.  Bonus: fantastic picture of Von Miller being a stereotype.
When the NBA and ABA merged in 1976, the owners of the Spirits of St. Louis were given a small fraction of future NBA broadcast money as compensation for being cut out the merger. Since then they've been paid $255 million and are going to court looking for more.
Michael Turner was charged with driving under the influence and speeding Tuesday morning, just hours after his team beat the Denver Broncos on Monday night.
The NFL Sacrificed Three Weeks Of Games On The Altar Of Bullshit Ideological Purity
Are We Live? Oh Shit. Liam Neeson Appears On SportsCenter And Has Absolutely No Idea What He's Being Asked
Manute Bol's Son Is 6'5 And In Seventh Grade [video]
Lance Armstrong was at center of most sophisticated and professional doping program in recent sports history.
Forever Alone Yankees Fan
With the recent presentation of irrefutable evidence of Lance Armstrong's doping I would like to apologize to various Europeans who I may have insinuated were whiny crybabies.
And people say Americans don't hate soccer 
What's being called the best NASCAR fight in years happened just now in Phoenix. Jeff Gordon, Clint Bowyer and their crews get into all-out brawl.
This guy sucks
www.nets.com is still owned by Mark Cuban and it couldn't be better.
Bill Simmons calls out 3 commish's in last three tweets
Rick Majerus, former basketball coach of Utah and Saint Louis, dies at age 64
I met Rob Ninkovich today :)
Newly acquired NY Mets pitcher Noah Syndergaard tweets anti-gay slur  
America's Team
Mark Messier knocks out Mike Modano with a hit. Unexpected hilarity at 1:11.
AC Milan star Kevin-Prince Boateng and his teammates have marched off the pitch at an exhibition match in protest after fans apparently made racist chants. Boateng picked up the ball mid-game and booted it at the fans. 
An Oregon player faked an injury to allow a walk-on teammate play. 
Quite An Opening Act
Get off his backo!
Front page of the Columbus Dispatch sports section today. So legit. 
Omar says I got the shotgun(B-more), you got the briefcase (SF). It's all in the game though, right? 
Check out how a torn ACL is repaired (and a ton of other orthopedic surgery animations).
John Harbaugh after the Ravens' Superbowl win (X-post Advice Animals)
Zlatan Ibrahimovic donates salary... to himself.
Report by family of former Penn State coach Joe Paterno as strong as Freeh report  
IOC recommends to cut wrestling from 2020 Olympics

Nike says it has suspended its contract with Oscar Pistorius
How I see the Olympics
The Manti Te'o Chronicles:  Don't Ask Don't Tell in the NFL?
Ohio State's old mascot uniform 
Tiger Woods and Lindsey Vonn are officially dating
WARNING:hard to watch - Probably the most gruesome injury to ever occur just happened in the Louisville/Duke basketball game
Kevin Ware with the Regional Championship Trophy
The new Dolphins logo lost its helmet, so a designer gave one to 17 other NFL teams
Tiger wins Players Championship (78th PGA victory)
Scary POV footage of an ice climbing fall
Can someone explain to me how, e.g. Lebron's buzzer beating layup, is not traveling?
ESPN has gone full retard
Two varying thoughts on the Blackhawks win
I'm a Mets fan, he's a Yankees fan. This doesn't happen often.
Ron Paul and/or Tim Tebow wins the Heisman trophy
Bill Belichick's No-Class Walk-Off
I always knew my little brother could do it......  NOT
Washington Nationals new Stadium to be first LEED Certified Professional Building
What Does Your Ride Say About You? [Funny Interview]
F1 qualifying to be modified for safety reasons
A.J. Pierzynski Owns Beat Reporters
How to find the right images for your blog, quickly and legally
Spain claim Euro 2008 with 1-0 victory over Germany
Worst player in Madden '07, Ethan Albright, responds to John Madden (funny)
What Female Athletes Have the Most Casual Moral Attitudes? 
Who should be on Team USA in 2012?
A-Rod is a $300 million migraine.
The 30 Sluttiest Athletes of All Time
No. 5 Longhorns upset No. 1 Sooners 45-35  
Cowboys' Romo has broken finger, may miss 4 weeks 
Superhero Inspired Skateboarding Shoes?
7 THINGS JOSE CANSECO NOW REGRETS
Million Dollar Golf Shot
:01 left, the throw to Randy Moss in the end zone......
Eagles, Bengals play to first NFL tie in six years
Nice TD celebration.
15 Other Bone Crunching Hits From the NFL and College Football This Year
More proof that LeBron James is not a mortal being. That’s not a blocked shot, that’s a reason to change your name and move to another city.
Five Most Epic Winter Sports Accidents of All Time
LaDainian Tomlinson has a torn tenden, will attempt to play on Sunday
Alexander Semin fights like a 12 year old girl
Justice served: coach of girls bastketball team that ran up score 100-0 is fired
The BEST High School Basketball Buzzer Beater of 2009 !!!
NBA's White Guys of the 90's
The no-stats All-Star: Shane Battier is a statistical anomaly - his greatness is not marked in box scores or at slam-dunk contests, but on the court he makes his team better, often much better, and his opponents worse, often much worse. 
Who will go through? (A Uefa Champions League Analysis)
Don Cherry rips Alex Ovechkin, soccer players, for excessive celebrations. [VID]
Obama's full bracket
Cutler starts chain reaction pissing off pretty much every NFL quarterback
Texas Rangers To Have Suspected War Criminal Throw Out First Pitch Today, 4/6/09; The Rangers Can Be Reached At 817-273-5222; Major League Baseball: 212-931-7800
UNC Tops Michigan State for NCAA Title
8th grade kid uses the rafters, a heating duct and suspension wires to make shot of the year. Too bad it didn't count.
The disturbing tale of Todd Marinovich: after shitting his pants during warm-ups [due to severe heroin withdrawal], he came out and threw ten touchdowns to win a game
I'm sold: Alexander Ovechkin is a bad a**
Mickelson quits tour to tend to wife’s cancer
Orlando outplays Cleveland to take game 1
Magic up 3 games to 1 on Cavs
Keep in mind the two greatest soccer teams in FIFA history are playing: Hey kid in the stands take your ice cream bar and apply to face. Now repeat.
Best Intimidating Answer to a Legitimate Question:
Marion Barber
Chad Johnson to Twitter From the Sidelines this Season
10 Examples of LBJ Getting Punked on a Basketball Court...Take that Nike
Montgomerie hits shot of year; nails paparazzi on boat
/r/sports/. Where gossip and titillation are upvoted and genuine sports stories are downvoted. 
Soccer in Seattle: A New Kind of Football Team Woos Fans 

 - TIME
Gina Carano’s brutal workout [video] plus gratuitous pic
The 100 Funniest Sports Photos Of All Time
Fran Tarkenton 'disgusted' w/Brett Favre 
The Onion: Documentary Manny Ramirez Talking About Turns Out To Be 'Billy Madison' 
As Expected, Packers-Vikings Tickets an Increasingly Hot Commodity
Minnesota Vikings' Brett Favre says he may have cracked rib -
Derek Jeter stands alone as New York Yankees' all-time hit king - ESPN
Most appropriate player name for their team ever.
Well thats a shitty way to lose
never has there been a more clear favorite from the starting gun of a marathon...[pic]
KKK rally at Ole Miss fizzles in less than 10 minutes
Speedskating star calls Steven Colbert a jerk (yes the same Steven Colbert who stepped in and gave the team $300,000 after their main sponsor declared bankruptcy)
The defending Superbowl Champions just lost to the Browns!
BJ Penn's Vicious Leg Kick Cuts Diego Sanchez (GIF)
How Tiger Woods Protected His Image
Holy crap the Alaska-Fairbanks hockey program intro video is absolutely insane [VIDEO]
Shaq has an idea to fix the dunk contest
Saints LB Scott Fujita defies stereotypes
Many NFL teams struggling financially, lockout possible
Hakeem Nicks has the quickest hands in the NFL
US vs Canada Rematch in Olympic Men's Hockey Gold
Bracket is out, what does r/sports think?
I used to say that Ali was the best I'd ever seen, says Arum, an industry legend who co-promoted the Ali-Frazier Thrilla in Manila in 1975. I had never said that about another man. I don't use those words cheaply. But here it is: Manny Pacquiao is the best I have ever seen, including Ali. 
Michigan St. advances to the Final Four
To the person that submitted the WV vs. Kentucky poll a couple days ago: Not sure if this is good or bad news for you
Rasheed Wallace Is The Worst Rebounder On The Planet [video]
Sources: Denver Broncos trading Brandon Marshall to Miami Dolphins for draft picks 
Morgan Ensberg knows the real reason why baseball games take so long
Fake John Calipari messages the real Marquis Teague on Facebook: Keep quiet about the illegal activities that went down during your recruiting visit, cool? Marquis Teague's response: Yea
Lakers advance to the second round
Montreal Canadiens defeat Pittsburgh Penguins 5-2 in Game 7
Ken Griffey Jr. calls it a career
Chad Ochocinco seems to think there will be a lockout after next NFL season.
8 walks, 1 HBP, 0 Hits: Edwin Jackson Throws a No Hitter in 140+ Pitches
The Lakers' Pau Gasol One of the best ball handlers in hooperball
Apple releasing Special Edition Lebron James iPhone....
Hockey fight... broken up by mom
The Most Vicious Boxing Knockout
Top 10 Funny Yao Ming Pictures
The NFL Subreddit now has team logos next to usernames in threads!  Post here to get one.
Need fired up? Call this guy.
Boise State Broncos 33, Virginia Tech Hokies 30
NCAAF: JMU upsets Virginia Tech 21-16
The call of the year!  MSU stuns ND with fakery in OT.
Life Inside Locker Rooms (Photos)
Is your team 0-2 and you're pissed off?  Might wanna get a box of these. [comic]
Federer and Nadal: Fit of Laughter During Shooting
As if Sebastian Janikowski needs more shit in life right now.
DOCTOBER!  Roy Halliday throws the second no-hitter in post season history
Any hockey fans on Reddit?
Roy Oswalt pulls of a perfect photobomb during NLDS coaches interview on TBS.
Does anyone else hate this guy?
Past 20 Yrs: 4% Of NFLers Played Over 3 Seasons
Browns blow out Pats
Fired! Wade Phillips Let Go By Cowboys
Who else would like to see a football team do this...
BREAKING: Andre Johnson will NOT be suspended.


I used to hate Ron Artest, but it's moves like this that really make you respect the guy.
Horrible Photoshopping by Yahoo! Sports
George Carlin on Baseball and Football
Broncos hire John Fox as head coach for some fucking reason
watching this will never get old [gif]
 During the SEC's current run of national titles, four of its five champions signed at least 14 more players than their title-game opponent in the four years leading up to the game.
Michael Jordan suits up for Bobcats scrimmage.  Uh oh.
Just realized Mubarak is the Brett Favre of presidents. 
Honest Answers Please! Do Men really enjoy meeting/dating girls who are really into sports?
Winning: Cleveland Indians fans want Wild Thing Charlie Sheen at home opener [x-post from /r/Cleveland]
March Madness - Where every game is close, but the team you're rooting for always loses. 
What kind of sport is this? I'm so confused.
Manny didn't retire, he quit.
Frank Caliendo doing Jim Rome. Gets me every time. 
Area Man Already Tired Of Adjusting His Fantasy Baseball Roster
Von Wafer misses dunk, thinks he made it and while celebrating causes his teammate to double dribble. All while losing the game by 1 point.
Trailblazers come back from a 23 point deficit to defeat Dallas, tie series at 2-2.
Anyone else feel like this this last week?
Americans, can you explain how you sport drafts work and why they exist? Why not have a free market like in soccer?
Royals reporter gets hit with a pitch after suggesting player should take one for the team [VIDEO]
I Wonder What This Lakers Fan Is Thinking Right Now?
Sean Avery finally does something right....And people still find a way to shit on him. I think it's great that he supports Same sex Marriage.
Chicago Erects Anti-LeBron Billboard
At least in soccer, commentators don't openly applaud acting/flopping like in the NBA (Miller on James during the Heat-Bulls game).
Daniel Tosh Takes a Punch in the Face From Manny Pacquiao

Multiple Championships*
A skinny soft European named Nowitzki beat a buff confident American named James....and America cheered for it.
I know one guy who is Happy that the Bruins won the Stanley Cup.
Trailer for Moneyball the movie
Mark Cuban Files The Ultimate fuck you legal brief
Tommorow tens and tens of Americans and millions Mexicans living in USA will watch the Gold Cup soccer final at the Rose Bowl between Mexico and USA 
Alright r/sports, what do you think of the USA's chances today in the Gold cup?
Brian Wilson Wore A Skin-Tight Tuxedo Onesie To The ESPYs last night
Problem? Japan's coach BEFORE penalty kicks
Patrick Sharp locked up by the Hawks for another 5 years
I love when the punter makes plays
Is anybody else wierded out when suddenly some big soccer game is on the front of ESPN.com and all the sudden people pretend to care?
The Beard keeps getting cooler and cooler
Busy Referee Regrets Not Finding Time To Throw Flag Around With Son
Onion Sports Network: Rex Ryan is inspiring his team with a 9/11 story about 2 jets that accomplished their goal by believing in themselves
Forget soccer, anyone catch the NY Giants faking injury because they were gassed from a hurry-up offense? 
After Three Games, Baylor’s Robert Griffin III Has More Touchdowns Than Incompletions.
The Probability of the Rays Clinching the Wildcard Race as they did: One Chance in 278 Million
Wrongfully convicted Dewey Bozella to make pro fight debut.  Bozella served 26 years for a murder he didn't commit. Now at 52, he will realize a longtime dream with a cruiserweight bout on the Bernard Hopkins-Chad Dawson undercard.

How come everyone (rightfully) jokes about how ridiculous the name Utah Jazz is, but no one seems to notice that New York Rangers is just as incongruous? 
RIP Marco Simoncelli
What's the best cheer you've ever heard at a game?
Games 6 &amp; 7 of the World Series summed up.
Braxton Miller's Amazing Game Winning TD Throw To Devin Smith
Jesus scolds Tebow
This blows all previous NCAA issues away. Former Penn State Defensive Coordinator, Jerry Sandusky, facing multiple counts of sexual assault with little boys. 
Have You Guys Lost Respect For The Students Of Penn State?
A Strong Defense of Joe Paterno: Why Paterno Was Morally &amp; Ethically Right Not To Go Further in The Sandusky Sex Abuse Case
If Tim Tebow wants to profess his faith in public, on the field, he should be prepared for the slings and arrows
Greatest Catch Ever By A Bald Man?
Hide the Children
Porn Star to buy Football Team!
Americans I need clarification: Why are the highest scoring players in American football (kickers) not the most respected just like in every other sport imaginable? 
Man Breaks into White Sox GM's Home, Defrosts Lobster
100-2 middle school hoops blowout may have repercussions
Breaking news ... Adam Sandler is no longer the Buckeyes head coach.
Dan Carpenter's leg must be tired..
Tim Tebow- All he does is win
Shaq's Big Introduction On TNT
Sporting Stereotypes
Panthers coach Ron Rivera says trick play vs. Texans inspired by The Annexation of Puerto Rico play from the movie Little Giants.
Tim Tebow earned a $250K bonus for yesterday's playoff win.
The Packers are the 4th 15-1 team in NFL history and the first of those to get eliminated before the conference championship.
MJ claims to have one equal.
For A man of class, Paterno had 46 players charged with 163 criminal counts from 2002 to 2008, all while trying to get those counts reduced.
Absolute clusterfuck of a hockey fight
NBC is streaming the Super Bowl.  Good news if you're like me and don't have cable.
FirstRowSports talks about recent Fed shutdowns
Metta on Lin ಠ_ಠ
Tebow &lt; Lin, There is no comparison.
Fire!!!
Jeremy Lin's Xanga page....ChinkBalla88
NHL PSA for LGBT athlete's rights - If you can play, you can play
LaMarcus Aldridge gives Carrie Brownstein a Blazers jersey, puts a bird on it.
Madness of March: NCAA gets paid, players don't 
The Maasai Cricket Warriors
Bears Trade for Brandon Marshall
Watching March Madness with my family...
Day 3 Masters - Tiger Woods Harsh Truth he isn't Tiger of Old 
Front page of my Div. 2 alma mater newspaper after beating the Div. 1 champions
I live in a state that houses none of my favorite teams, would any other sports fans be interested in a SportsExchange for merchandise? 
Indecisiveness
A foreign soccer game that isn't the world cup will be on ESPN tomorrow. Times are a changin'...
My facebook feed after a Heat game
When watching Stephen A. Smith on ESPN... anyone else think he sounds like a dumb guy trying to sound smart?
Bradley Beats Pacquiao, consensus is clear... 
Goals of the week
Starting to come around on these Heat fans 
The true story of the 2012 NBA Finals.
Ryan Tannehill is a distant third in the quarterback competition for Miami Dolphins after too many mistakes
Joey Chestnut wins 6th straight hot dog title
Evolution of Basketball: Shorts &amp; Skirts Edition
Anyone else really excited about the olympics this year?
Ralph Lauren Pony Logo on the US Olympic Team outfits is larger than the Olympic/American Flag Logo
Felix Hernandez throws 23rd perfect game in MLB history!
McKayla Maroney's parents hire security team so she will 'never be alone'
Lance Armstrong could have kept 5 Tour de France titles.
Casino offers refunds on Seattle-Green Bay game
The rise and fall of Vince Young
An open letter to ESPN the Magazine: Don't you dare make sports political.
Americans would watch more soccer if each game had this many goals.
9-year-old girl football players burns everyone on the field. Many times. 
All of this is live, which is why I'd watch more Sportscenter if I lived in Canada
Lance Armstrong may admit to doping soon
J.R. Smith’s Reverse Alley-Oop Dunk Brings Garden Crowd To Its Feet  [VIDEO]
Ridiculous
Alabama's football team is worth $95M, yet their cheerleaders took a bus to MIA. That bus was in an accident last night.
The original Te'oing
Stan the Man | November 21, 1920 - January 19, 2013
Now that we know that some of the people who prosecute the cheaters in college sports are cheaters themselves, maybe it's time to reexamine the entire enterprise. - College Football - Andy Staples - SI.com
Handball Keeper scores freak goal.
Tottenham - Arsenal | North London Derby Promo |
Back in '82, I used to be able to throw a pigskin a quarter mile. [x-post from WTF] 
A hilarious alternative to the Kevin Ware shirt (via Raysism on Deadspin)
My sister's response to when I told her Adam Scott won the Master's was to show me this picture and go This guy plays golf too?
NBC's Michaels arrested for alleged DUI in Calif.
Jason Collins comes out as the first openly gay athlete playing in a major American team sport
Goals of the week
Great Graphic
Fried chicken should unify us and it continues to tear us apart.
Peugeot 20Cup concept
Five Ways to Make Football Woman-Friendly
The world's shortest bodybuilder
Less white people, more football: Sports Illustrated covers since 1954
CBS's March Madness on the Web makes more money per viewer than TV
Knicks finally fire Isiah Thomas, but only from his coaching duties
Cubbies win 10,000 - still haven't managed to get a ring in 100 years
Cool Nike Video:  First-Person POV of a Football (Soccer) Superstar
Legally blind man, 78, bowls perfect game
Joe Paterno Taken To Hospital
Josh Beckett Won't Return My Phone Calls
Eva Longoria Replaces Tony Parker
Barry Bonds Homerun Record Baseball Arrives in Cooperstown -- Defaced with an Asterick!!!
Enough with this Brett Favre business already!!!
Top 10 Philly Sports Villians
Texas Tech stuns Texas 39-33....instant classic
Pete Carroll Tells the NCAA it Can Have its Stupid Timeouts and USC Is Going to Wear Their Goddamn Red Jerseys Saturday
Should this goal by Ronaldo have been allowed to stand?
Attention-Seeking Willis McGahee Almost Ruins Steelers' Good Time
Alyssa Milano Dishes On Bad Sex With Pitchers
Legless, Armless MMA Fighter Lost Fight Just Like We Predicted
I do think LeBron has surpassed Kobe as a player. Jerry West 
Padres' Peavy heading to White Sox?
Reaction of the Newschannel 5 @ 11PM team as Lebron hits the game winner
nba.com says; Forget LeBron
Fleury, Pens beat Red Wings 2-1 to force Game 7 
An Argentinean condom company came up with this ad before a soccer match  to show the Brazilians what they were going to do to them.
U.S. Soccer Releases Michael Jackson Tribute Jersey  
Football season begins: Buffalo and Tennessee kick off tonight @ 8 p.m. eastern on NBC
Dear Reddit.  Preseason football is like masturbation.  Sure it feels good, but it doesn't mean anything.
I can understand putting the Hulk on your goalie mask, but a buff/sexified Ned Flanders? 
Titans kicker exposes flaw in Cowboys' new $1.2b stadium--the overhead HDTV is too low and is going to get battered by punts
Hey college football fans, where will you be tailgating this weekend?
Seahawks To Debut Neon Green Alternate Jerseys Today
The Big Shaqckle [New Nickname and Picture]
As Myers walked past Hamels in the locker room Monday he reportedly said sarcastically, What are you doing here? I thought you quit?
 If World Series titles were hits and seasons were at-bats, Yankees would be hitting .314 since 1923
Manning is first to 40,000 yards in a decade 
HOLY SHIT: The Detroit Lions, with no time on the clock, make one of the most improbable comebacks in franchise history.
Fire alarm at hotel gives unwanted wake-up call to New York Jets - Belichick!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Vince Young is 4-0
Ireland Appeals FIFA for World Cup Spot After Handball Game
Anyone else see the super enthusiastic cowbellist in Boise State marching band?
Should Tebow give up on the NFL altogether and just play rugby?
Packers Fan Announces He Will Return To Drinking For Another Season
Tebow And The CFL: A Match Made In Inevitable, Inevitable Heaven - Tim Tebow - Deadspin
Curling explained in this illustration.
NHL your sport is riding a huge wave of popularity, time to go the hulu route
Olympic Athletes Hoping To Exchange Bent-Up Medals For Normal Ones
Bradford's pro day workout leaves crowd in awe
Seeing Ken Griffey Jr. In Backwards Hat Now Just Depressing | The Onion - America's Finest News Sour
onion.com
SEATTLE—Baseball fans across the nation admitted Monday that the sight of Ken Griffey Jr. in a backwards baseball cap—an iconic image that once filled fans with joy...

During a rain delay, two college teams keep themselves entertained by doing pretend roller coaster rides, re-enacting the Shake Weight infomercial, and having an impromptu professional wrestling match.
Bill Belichick Drops Off Recent Draft Picks In Middle Of Nowhere, Tells Them To Find Way Back
Anyone else a big fan of ESPN's 30 for 30?
Injured Steve Nash Finishes Game With Cotton Stuffed In Eye Socket
Fan voting is an absolute joke. Way too many Yankees fans who know nothing about baseball are voting.
Lakers eliminate Suns for their third straight Western Conference Final and a chance to repeat in the Finals
Celtics take game 4. Series tied 2-2
S. African man beaten to death by his family for changing channel to a cup match from gospel program. 
BBC Sport - Football - World Cup 2010: France boycott training over Anelka row
1996 NBA rookie group photo from SLAM magazine.  Lots of recognizable faces in one of the strongest draft classes ever.
Cleveland circa July 8th, 2010
Hey Lance, your wristband says Livestrong not Liestrong. Respect your fans the millions you've inspired by coming clean.
The cost of being a fan of the NFL.
Remember when the US hosted the World Cup in '94? Well, let's do it again!
High school QB collapses after throwing TD pass
Incredible. For the third time since 1897, the Australian Football Grand Final (equivalent to the Amercia's Superbowl) has ended in a draw.
I'm high as a kite off Mike Vick right now.  If this is wrong, I don't want to be right.
Does the process of measuring a first down with the chains seem entirely too unscientific to anyone else?
Gerard Butler showed up at Michigan State's Midnight Madness to ask a crowd of Spartans one question.   
DAE Become irate when they see/hear Matt Millen broadcasting a game?
Jerry Jones: There are a lot of people here who are certainly going to suffer and suffer consequences.
Are there any sports clips that still to this day give you chills when you watch it? Here's mine. 
College Football.
Brad Childress fired.  That is all.
Phillip Rivers began dating his wife Tiffany while she was in the seventh grade and Rivers was a senior in high school
Good sportsmanship in action: Boise State kicker missed two easy field goals that might have sent his team to the championship. Someone set up a facebook fan page to support him that now has over 20,000 fans.
Money 1 - Football 0
George St. Pierre joins ESPN staff
One liquor store in Qatar. Foreigners can't buy booze there. World Cup 2022 will be interesting for the soccer fans of the world, for sure
Dear TCU QB,
God doesn't care about your football game.  Please stop quoting the Bible in your post game interviews.
Who else is sad that Vick's magical season ends with an interception?
Auburn and the Opiate of America:  The Lie of College Football
I'm Sorry, but am I the only one who thinks this whole ESPN MLK Equality in Sports Programming is making an issue out of a non issue?
Tressel on Oversigning « versus teams like Alabama and LSU who aren't limited by rules or ethics
Pretentious college football donor wants his millions back and his name stripped off the football training complex
Jerry Sloan quits as head coach of Utah Jazz- longest tenured coach with 1 team in NBA HISTORY
Why is the Islanders' Matt Martin allowed to walk away with a 4 game suspension for attempting and FAILING to do the same thing that cost Todd Bertuzzi 20 games and $500+k?
Someone poisoned the famous 130 year old trees on Toomer's Corner at Auburn University
Hey /r/sports, I know this place usually isn't where posts like this end up, but a great athlete just passed away after a 3 year battle with lymphoma. He was 22 years old and his name was Wilson Holloway. 
Miami Heat the most clutch team in sports
Lebron James' Mom arrested in Miami Beach
Perhaps the greatest player in baseball over the past 10 seasons is also it's most underrated
JaMarcus Russell: A year later
How to spot a Lakers fan
Washington Wizards have new uniforms
Shaq, you will be missed
A special message for LeBron...
JJ Barea was getting hella screens
Most underrated player in the finals? Tyson Chandler.
Kevin Durant's Insane Summer League Dunk
The Gold Cup final (on a Spanish-language channel on the worst TV night of the week) drew more viewers than game 7 of the Stanley Cup and day 4 of the U.S. Open
Anyone else sick of ESPN trying to shove soccer down our throats?
Congratulations Derek Jeter...but damn your timing!
Dude who caught Jeter's 3000th and gave it back got generous gifts from Yankee organization...and may owe tons of taxes on them
USA Women's Soccer Beats France!
DAE notice Steve Nash's cameo as a linesmen in the game today?
Hogan vs. Malone
The Seattle Mariners have finally ended their 17 game losing streak tearing up the Yankees 9-2
One of my friends from High School got signed by the Broncos!  I've never been so excited in my life, here's Head Coach John Fox talking about him...Anyone else have friends in Pro Sports?
DAE really dislike baseball? (A serious inquiry)
4 arrested and charged (3 adults 1 minor) with felony battery on a football ref. in florida.
Cristiano Ronaldo - Tested To The Limit
Vick gets a reminder in Karma.
September Collapse of Red Sox Could Be Worst Ever
Most Interesting Man in Dallas [FIXED]
Michael Vick: Do I really have to explain how I feel at 1-3?
Texas has one thing to thank OU for... and OU sucks.
The Boomstick strikes again. Nelson Cruz with 3 run shot in the 11th!
Chicago scores twice in stoppage time to win at DC
Never thought I would ever see this. 
Carl is at it again (Stone Cold Lock of the Century of the Week). Amazing.
Career Ending Injury
Possibly the dumbest thing I've ever read on ESPN
One of the Coolest Sport Traditions Ever
ESPN this week.  It's too much.
Joe Paterno Fired - Will Not Coach Another College Football Game At Penn State
I'm a Broncos fan, yet I have no idea how to explain the last 8 games.
Stay strong my blue brother...
Tebow mic'd up vs. the Texans--really interesting.
Cris Collinsworth is the Worst Commentator according to NFL Players.  Yep.
James Harrison, classy as ever about the power outage tonight.
...it's a very small museum.
Here they come
Somehow, two bearded guys sat on the Mavericks bench last night
Illustrated guide to picking your sport
Here you go, Tim Tebow as a Bear.
Pro bowlers freaking out. Highly amusing.
Food Fight Turns Into A Fist Fight. With Pro Lacrosse Players. And Foot Locker Employees. At TGI Fridays.
The Nick Collison Guest Blog, Vol. 4: How To Survive in the NBA When You're Not a Superstar
Is It Worth It?
Thierry Henry (Soccer Player) getting a home with a 40 foot fish tank.  40 Feet Vertically.
Am I the only one who wanted Braun to admit he really did take steroids and that the system is flawed?
NFL says Saints created 'bounty' program from 2009-2011 which included $1,500 for a “knockout” hit and $1,000 for a “cart-off” hit on opposing players.
The 20 dumbest John Madden Quotes of all time.
Shaq &amp; Bark
Brace yourself....
Midfielder collapses during a FA Cup match, his heart stops beating for 78 minutes, after 15 shocks from a defibrillator miraculously he survives
Report: Larry Bird won't return next season as Pacers president
This was the highlight of our weekend
BREAKING NEWS: following an exhaustive, multi-pronged investigation, ESPN is reporting that a small number of college students have been smoking marijuana, colloquially known as pot or reefer. 
StubHub= excellent customer service
Florida beats Georgia on walkoff dropped 3rd strike in 16th inning
Forget the Olympics, this is what I'm looking forward to this summer. 
RIP Junior Seau
FSU to Big 12?
Probable lineups for the 2012 NBA Western Conference Finals...
Let's be honest, the Lottery is rigged. 
Some QB That I Used To Know - Gotye Parody
Red Auerbach's Anti-Flopping Video - NBA Players as well as Referees need to take a good look at this
How Brazil got their famous uniforms

No ESPN...
Troll newspaper 
Pure Schadenfreude
I got to meet Kornheiser today... he looked thrilled to take a picture with us
Can't get more honest than that - Kobe
LeBron James Vs. Michael Jordan: By The Numbers
Kelly Slater: Greatest Athlete Of All Time? [infographic]
Aaron Cook, taekwondo world number 1 (-80kg) NOT selected for Team GB at 2012 Olympics; Lutalo Muhammad, ranked 59th, chosen instead.
Baseball cards found by Ohio man may be worth millions
I bet you've never seen a goal quite like this one [nsfw]
Every time I see Ryan Seacrest doing human interest pieces, I die a little inside.
And this is why we love Michelle Obama
Happened to me just now
what the olympics are all about: star hurdler gets injured, finishes race, gets help from other hurdlers
In the fiery brimstone of destruction, a phoenix will rise. A silent beast was awoken...
Can anyone figure out who's signature this is?? Came on a game i just bought (x-post from /r/gaming)
Merril Hoge's reaction when I asked him about Skip Bayless's comment that Tim Tebow was one of the elite quarterbacks in the NFL while behind the scenes of NFL Matchup.
Young receivers setting the edge
7 ft 7 Harlem Globetrotter Paul “Tiny” Sturgess dunking
Grantland: The Replacement Refs at the Ravens-Patriots Game
Am I the only one that cares about the rules?
How Ayn Rand is Wrecking American Football
Wyoming coach FLIPS OUT on Air Force coach after loss, on Military Appreciation Night.
Baseball Hall Of Fame Getting Depraved Urge To Induct Jose Canseco
Can't help it, I'm a fan.  Go Cards!
They may regret this decision 
Former Chicago Bears head coach, Mike Ditka, hospitalized with 'minor stroke.'
'If you're a fan of NHL hockey and are feeling disrespected and taken for granted, this is a way to let the owners and players know that there will be long range damage to them, that they should take into account before blowing this entire season up.'
Today's Featured Wikipedia Page: Rex Ryan
Greatest punt ever? Duke vs Cincinnati.
Victor Dukes Dunk!
Lance Armstrong to admit Doping in Oprah Interview. Reddit's thoughts?
Nicole Cooke, the first rider in cycling history male or female to win Olympic and world road race titles in the same year, retired with immediate effect and then launched a passionate attack on all drug cheats, including Tyler Hamilton and the other whistle blowers as well as Lance Armstrong.
Williams Twists Ankle but Breezes to Win
So this is in the Olympics, but wrestling won't be anymore? 
Flacco supports Boldin holding out for bigger pay day...maybe shouldn't have signed such a fat contract.
An Unusual Game - Unicycle Hockey
R.I.P to one of the best Olympic Sailors, such a role model and gracious person.
UFC 79 OVER! DETAILS INSIDE (SPOILER)
Soccer players from last century
The 2008 NCAA tournament all-porno name team [SFW]
Manchester United more valuable than Real Madrid, Arsenal and Liverpool
Feds charge Bonds with 14 counts of lying to grand jury
Tiger wins US Open in remarkable playoff
Kevin Garnett shows America how to celebrate an NBA title.
Spain defeats Italy 4-2 on penalty kicks to secure semifinal against Russia for Euro 2008
NFL to reinstate quarterback Favre
Bush To Olympians: 'Bring Back Lots Of Valuable Gold'
Dangerous Men's Basketball headline on ESPN after team USA's win:  Chink In The Armor   Not smart. 
Which team will win the Stanley Cup? Let the Ice Girls decide.
Philadelphia Phillies are going to the World Series.
Best-Selling Author Michael Crichton Dies
Vans Skatepark Turns 10 Years Old .. Also A Look Back @ The Vans Skateparks That Didn't Make It
Cowboys finally get rid of Adam Pacman Jones
Titans Cheerleader Will Reanimate Your Lifeless Tissue
Jake Delhomme Throws Keys To Wrong Valet | The Onion - America's Finest News Source
Freestyle Motocross Racer Jeremy Lusk Died Last Night while attempting a Hart Attack backflip and slammed headfirst into the dirt
I hate Stephen A. Smith, and this site's logo is awesome
Giants clinch award for worst advertising slogan of the season
ESPN: A-Rod Began Using Steroids His Sophmore Year Of High School
Note to ESPN: Please, We Need More Favre
US-Brasil match is now (2:52 EST) 1:0 US
Jordan Crawford Dunks On LeBron James - Better quality, better angle, better everything than TMZ
Golfer drives ball, bounces his shot off of another golf ball, and gets a hole in one.
Welcome to Jay Cutler Superstar
25 things you didn't know about baseball - For the nerdy stat-loving redditors
Turner, MT - the town in the lower 48 farther than any other from an MLB team
U.S. soccer player Landon Donovan has urine and vomit hurled at him during World Cup qualifier
Shaq's behind-the-back move - 
O'Neal takes Suns star Nash's idea for a reality TV show and runs away with it
Chad Ocho Cinco Johnson kicks an extra point in last night's preseason game
The Worst NFL Media-Created Myths of the Last 10 Years
A college football warrior: Georgia Tech RB fumbles the ball, FSU player picks it up, Georgia Tech QB snatches it right back.
Sometimes it's better to wait until the fat lady sings before calling the game...
What? Ben Gordon Couldn't Single-Handedly Beat the Bulls?
Ron Artest is always in the mood to fight
Two 13-0 Teams:  Colts play Jaguars/Jets/Bills to finish the season.  Saints play Cowboys/Bucs/Panthers.  Where are the losses?  Are we looking at two 16-0 teams?
The greatest photo in the history of sports was taken on January 5. Yes, that is Gilbert Arenas play shooting his teammates.
So far, all three NFL Playoff games have primarily been one-sided.  Regardless of whether you want Green Bay or Arizona to win, let's hope the final game is interesting...
Ray Rice 83 yd. TD on opening play called by 14 yr. old cancer patient
Colts' president Bill Polian is pissed about the Pro Bowl schedule: It's stupid.
Saints, Colts Hoping To Resolve Super Bowl Through Diplomacy
John Stockton: 1st in Career Assists (5,100 &gt; #2 Jason Kidd) &amp; 1st in Career Steals (700 &gt; #2 Michael Jordan). Yet the Player Efficiency Rating has him 29th all-time, behind luminaries like Dirk Nowitski, Yao Ming, and Amare Stoudemire. Are B+ big men really better than possibly the best PG ever?
I guess Kentucky's jersey maker needs a spell check
Sven Are you stupid? Kramer proves that karma 
is real.
Canada wins 7-3 to arch rival, Russia
US v. Canada Gold Medal Game: Zach Parise just scored with a minute to go to tie the gold medal hockey game at 2-2.  Overtime ahead.  What a game!
Hey Lakers Fans.  Can you tell me the context of this play?
Anyone else sick and tired Mel Kiper and Todd Mcshay claiming they know anything about draft prospects? Hearing those bafoons babble all day ruined the draft for me.
At 47 years old, Jamie Moyer of the Phillies has become the oldest player ever to pitch A) A shutout B) a complete game C) ALL OF THE ABOVE!
High School Pole Vaulter DQ'ed for wearing a bracelet
Chicago Bulls Fans can only dream
Soccer, you have a new fan!
The reason us Yanks call it soccer.
MaradonaFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUU x 4
Lebron James Presser Drinking Game
The Disgusting Truth About Stadium Food: Over 25% Of Sports Stadiums Have Been Cited With Critical Health Violations With High-Risk Of Transmission Of Foodborne Illnesses
Phil Jackson: Pippen an obvious choice for Hall of Fame
I know the soccer fishing celebration was good, but here's another that's on par.  
The dude who wrote the We Are Lebron song has a new one titled Lebron James Is a Bitch. It's awesome.
47-yard FG into the wind... the kick is up.... looks good......
Not the Nats/Marlins fight.  But a fight at the US Open nonetheless.  Never knew tennis fans to be the fighting-type
HEADS UP!!!!
Federer and Nadal Have the Giggles
Andre Johnson deserves some props for making this tough TD catch yesterday on 4th and 10 to tie it up.
Gonna Have A Sandwich, Gonna Walk In
Jets WR Braylon Edwards arrested on DUI charge.
Brutal hit in ESPN high school game
Hakeem Olajuwon schools Dwight Howard
Possibly the Most Brutal Hit in College Football History
Ask r/sports:  Should college athletes receive a monthly stipend?
Bill Simmons explains his accidental Moss/Vikings tweet and in the process offers some insightful opinions on the nature of 'scoops' in sports journalism
LeBron James retweets racist messages he's received - ESPN
My buddy's pumpkin, paying homage to the dead.
Farewell Paul the Octopus! Your awesomeness will 
long be remembered! 
Usain Bolt's 6 World Records
October is finally over. We can finally say goodbye to the annoying pink NFL accessories.
The best show on ESPN that nobody watches
Nike Pro Combat NFL uniforms rumored to be used by 2012.  The NFL has already denied these as serious designs.
Fuck Those Bitches - Tom Brady
Screw Sportscenter,  they refuse to acknowledge the Detroit Lions as a team in the NFL
...he'll find a way to fine James Harrison instead.
ESPN: Favre's fine is the equivalent of a person making $50K/year being fined ... wait for it ... $1.20.
The 7-9 Seattle Seahawks upset the 11-5 Super Bowl Champion New Orleans Saints
Once upon a time, Montreal Canadiens' fans booed the US National Anthem before a game... the Boston Bruins' surly following responded accordingly
NBA All Star game jersey to be a compression shirt.
NFL fans distribution in the country
A sentence that has never been uttered: 
It might just be snow and ice. But in 1978 a winter storm similar to today's did this ....
So you saw what Doritos commercials are being aired in the States, here's what people in Canada are seeing...
Am I the last person to realize Hines Ward is literally black and yellow?
Fixed.
DAE think this year's dunk contest was a scam?
To the NBA fans out there, I think we can all agree that this is what a dunk contest should look like.
Whoever says white men can't jump needs to watch this....then never bring up the stereotype EVER again.
One Win Hunting starring the 0-6 Boston Red Sox
In 15 seconds, see why Lionel Messi is so amazing at soccer [vid]
Bulls Beat The Heat 103-82
have you seen a more unfortunate name on a jersey?
My dad, one day when playing Triple A Baseball, hit an inside-the-park HOMERUN - I hope this will be a good father's day present to him [x-post]
2 balls, 2 strikes, 2 outs, 2 runs, 2 men on, 2nd half of the 2nd inning &amp; 2nd base is empty... annnnd still no rapture!
History of the Crossover. Allen Iverson is fantastic talking about when he famously crossed up Michael Jordan: The craziest thing about it is I hit him with my best move ... and he still almost blocked it. ... that just lets you know how great of a defensive player he was.
As a big sports and xkcd fan, this leaves me conflicted.
Michael Wilbon asks us all to chill out a little and hold off on our judgement of Lebron...turns out, he's right. 
The LA Times Has a Time Machine
While a lot of us hate Miami and deservedly so, can we make this about the Mavericks and not about the Heat? They really deserve it and won this more than the Heat lost this
Remember When They Compared Lebron To MJ?
Pics of Vancouver Canucks Loss Riot.  Pictures of looters and people destroying windows/cars.
I wish more sports videos on Youtube had comments this intelligent
this license plate is actually kinda sad
Ervin Santana no-hits Indians.
I was feeling nostalgic thinking about watching the NBA when I was a kid ... here is a Jason White Chocolate Williams highlight reel
Cubs' man child Zambrano walks out on team, cleans out locker, and is saying he's retiring from baseball
SEC doesn't extend invitation to Texas A&amp;M
Miami has their own yahoo sports tab
Pryor likely stuck in dead end with Raiders - NFL - Yahoo! Sports
Photo Story: Tim Almighty - Starring Tim Tebow and God
I think punters deserve more credit for what they do. So here's to you Chris Kluwe. Vikings punter and fellow redditor who played a great game tonight.
Djokovic holds off Federer in the fifth set to complete comeback, 6-7 (7-9), 4-6, 6-3, 6-2, 7-5.
If you're a sports writer and you do this, fuck you!
They should have been playing for Utah.
Theyre currently plowing the field before the Rutgers/WVU Game. Here's a pic from the student section.
Baylor over Oklahoma, USC over Oregon. BCS is fucked
Oh God, no. Please no. (X-post from r/NFL)
Indiana's game winning shot and call from last night's upset over Kentucky!
And so it begins...
One of the few reasons i don't totally understand soccer
Those tough Oregon Ducks Running Backs...
I would suggest just standing around and letting him self-destruct.
Did you hear? 
Does anyone else think of this show as the Reddit of ESPN?
good guy greg
pats fan here: so the giants won?
How KD feels every time he steps on the court. 
Dereck Chisora slaps Vitali Klitschko ahead of title fight
I never knew this existed until I needed to do an essay on spectator sports...
One of the all-time greats hangs 'em up.  Knuckleballer Wakefield retires from baseball.
Slam Dunk Contest on NBC this Saturday. Here's Dwight Howard in 2007 putting a sticker 12-1/2 feet high on the glass
saw this guy tonight..
a 15 year old Bill Simmons awkwardly awkwards towards a professional basketball player
How i feel as a Knicks fan right about now..
Beckham gets angry @ Toronto fans
Anthony Davis is the most interesting man in college basketball
Penn State Police Had Warnings About Sandusky in 1998
As a Louisville resident, and also a UK grad, this was my reaction when I saw my schedule earlier this week and realized I had to work during Saturday's game...
Realistic recreation of the Bobby Petrino situation
Grizzlies blog fail
Is this really the best way to describe loaded bases?
A sport over 3000 years old, primarily played in Ireland... the fastest game on grass
NBA Championship brings Heat Teammates much closer than fans expected....
Stuff Lebron James Haters Say
Spain wins the Eurocup 4 - nil against Italy.
Different soccer stances of Mario Ballotelli

My boyfriend's first movie, a doc about baseball in the Dominican Republic, was just named a NYTimes Critics Pick. We're floored... but people need to actually see the film for it to go anywhere. MLB has already spoken out against it. Help him out?
Chinese girl smashes world record in 400m individual medley, even beating men's gold medalist's time in final 50m  
Dat grass.
As a life long Notre Dame fan, I seriously consider throwing up at the sight of these new uniforms...
ARod warms up his bat
ESPN inadvertently predicts violence against Usain Bolt. 
serious dedication to the cause
Stanford shocks #2 USC
Dallas Cowboys fan losing his shit after loss to Seattle
The NFL needs to fix the referee situation!
In case you missed the Seahawks game...
Damn I can't wait to see Michelle Jenneke in more track events
Report: Marcus Lattimore Broke Femur, Patella, Tore ACL, MCL, PCL, LCL in Knee (Video)
Tour de France winner Bradley Wiggins in a 'stable condition' after collision with a van during training
Romo can't catch a break
Who thought that this suit was the best idea?
Copa Chaos in Brazil
Lance Armstrong will cry in Oprah Winfrey interview - DeCanio (cyclist)
Goalkeeper pulls off amazing double save
Uhm... Okay ESPN...
Jenn Suhr breaks the women's indoor pole vault world record
 Artega GT to be Released in May
Lady and Gentlemen: I present you with the New England Patriots who are now 16-0! Late 4th Quarter Comeback Included -- if just to make it all the more Glorious
Sports Legends
Patriot Act is over: A Giant upset and no perfection for New England
Renault Kangoo Campaign at Ad Sneeze
Titleist 907 D2 Driver Review Specs And Info
100 reasons why we love rasheed wallace
Doc Ellis, the only pitcher ever to throw a no hitter on LSD, is fighting cirrhosis of the liver and without insurance, his care hasn't been so great.
Vancouver Canucks Defenseman Luc Bourdon killed in Motorcycle Accident
Potentially bad news: Maria Sharapova will be wearing shorts instead of dresses at Wimbledon
American sports fans (pic)
How come all the great American keepers  sign overseas? [pic]
Iranian basketball player barred from NBA...United States Will No Do Business Of Any Sort With Iranian nationals
Tom Brady done for the season with knee injury.
10 Awesome Hockey Shootout Goals
Poor Detroit
coach Shanahan just fired!
Only thing worse than Oklahoma's coaching last night?  Fox's broadcast.
Pittsburgh Mayor Changes Name From Ravenstahl to Steelerstahl To Totally Burn The Baltimore Ravens, His Forefathers
AMAZING dunk and ankle breaker
The only Alex Rodriguez jersey I will ever wear [Pic]
Hank Aaron &lt;pic&gt;
Manny Ramirez: 'Am I In Trouble?'
Lebron's Ridiculous Last Second Shot Last Night [video]
Hurricanes fan has a night on the town with half the Penguins.  Great story.
The brilliant NFL overtime silent auction system
Report: Steve McNair Slain
Cubs' Signing Of B.J. Ryan The Definition Of A Low Risk/High Reward Move
Lest We Forget -- Classic (fat) Ronaldo in action. Show this to anyone who insists on calling Cristiano the REAL Ronaldo.
Yao Ming! 
Jay Cutler Makes Receivers Better, Not the Other Way Around
Randy Wells vs. Other NL ROY Candidates
Blue Jays GM Confirms There Never Really Was A 'Roy Halladay' | The Onion 
Marshall admits he doesn’t know playbook, yet still wants Broncos to give him an extension
American Indians group takes 'Redskins' name to U.S. Supreme Court
Giants beat Cowboys 33-31 on last-second FG
Farve - On 3rd and 12 from his own endzone, Farve completes a pass then pancakes a defender with a block 40 yards downfield. (Video)
Top Ten Darkest Moments In Chicago Sports History
USC gets crushed by Stanford at home.  ESPN promises to be back on their bandwagon by Monday.
OMG did I just see Devin Hester's ass?
Tennessee 'Hostesses' Used to Lure Recruits; NCAA Investigating - Right, 'Hostesses'
Perfect no more.  Saints lose to the Cowboys, 24-17.
Willis McGahee swats 200 lbs. Eugene Hiram out of the way like he's a fly
Ohio State basketball walk-on calls out his critics with hilarious 'fundamental montage' video
NBA, please don't ever leave TNT...
A scandal of minuscule proportions: Roy MacGregor, writing in The Globe and Mail, suggests what Hockey Canada's response should have been to the IOC's idiotic condemnation of the Canadian Olympic women's hockey team's on-ice celebration last week 
He's after records. He wants teenage scalps. He tried to break the record for most 100-point games in a row (and failed). He did set the state record for points in one game (170). 
Please God...let the rest of the NCAA Men's B-ball tournament go like the first three games. 
Paul Shirley tells the brutal truth about Haiti, gets fired by ESPN
The Sedin twins put together a ridiculous goal against Calgary
Who remembers this crazy Stoudemire / Nash feat from the 2005 Dunk Contest?
American sports fans, is it weird seeing teams from other countries in a world championship?
Conan O'Brien chimes in about Lebron James
2010 Tour de France - The Big Picture (Pics) 
Hawaii vs. USC - Ruling on the Field: This Far
Ines Sainz needs training on how to harden the fuck up if the Jets players need sensitivity training
CBS Pre/Post-Game SUCKS
In case you missed it, yesterday, the Texas Rangers beat the Seattle Mariners with a Nelson Cruz walk-off strikeout.
Reds' victory cigars reported to Cincinnati health department
Hey, Max Hall. You've just been named the starter for the Arizona Cardinals. How do you feel?
This gif is so satisfying to watch...
Best Use of the Kiss Cam Ever?
Hall of fame manager Sparky Anderson has died
Kevin Love just did something that hasn't happened in 30 years. 31 points and 31 rebounds. 
Worst team name in pro sports history.
Imagine this: Jemele Hill thinks that race is the only reason Jason Campell, Donovan McNabb, and Vince Young are on the bench.
Some People Think This Should Absolutely Be the Toronto Raptors New Logo 
Roy Williams just committed a huge turnover. Who wants to bet the Saints drive and score to beat the Cowboys?
Cliff Lee versus the Yankees [pic]
Did anyone else forget that there will be new screwy OT rules for the playoffs?
 Jon Stewart: The New England Patriots Can Suck It 
7'8 Gentle Giant In Game Dunks (Many without actually jumping)
Ronaldo Vs Rémi Gaillard
No Kidding..
There, the Miami Heat won a game, now we can all stop posting shit about them.
Show me some Husky love!
Bear down, Arizona!
Jose Canseco is write 100% of the time
Flying above Dodger Stadium
Derrick Rose is the best player in the NBA, hands down... This video just about proves it 
First person view of a mountain bike race in urban Chile
Oops. EA accidentally unveils the Bills surprise new uniform in a Madden '12 preview
8 seeded Memphis Grizzlies defeat 1 seed San Antonio Spurs, 4-2, in what is also Memphis' first playoff series win.
Pierce gets tossed with 9 minutes left in the 4th quarter for trash talking...
Who else is happy this kid grew up and is now playing for the Giants?
Mikael Granlund of Finland just scored the most beautiful goal I've ever seen in the Hockey WC.
The San Francisco Giants are making a video for the It Gets Better campaign to help gay youth
An upvote from the Padres grounds crew?
I've never heard an NHL player say I'd like to thank the good lord jesus christ during an interview. Another reason to love the NHL.
Anyone else get as misty-eyed as I did when these two men shook hands?
YUM YUM! The tears of unfathomable Ohio sadness
Does everyone outside of Miami hate the Miami Heat?
Lebron
Heat Send Email Asking Fans to Cheer, Not Leave Early for NBA Finals 
So apparently Luongo is just Canadian for Lebron
What's your opinion on paying student athletes in college?
Michael Jordan's house is sick!!
Wait...what?
Season of redemption?
Is it that big of a deal? He took a dirty hit, and gave one back. . His just happened to be better.
What are the greatest traditions in sports? I'll start.
Suck it, Red Sox
Go To Sleep, Little Baby. X-Post from r/Gifs.
Senators trying to ban tobacco in the 2011 World Series.. Aren't there more pressing issues, like the economy, foreign wars, and #OWS?
Penn State raises over $344,000 for RAINN
LA Galaxy win MLS cup with Landon Donovan goal! (VIDEO) Beckahm signs off in style!
The 32 Rules of Thanksgiving Touch Football - WSJ.com
Sidney Crosby's first goal in almost a year
My entire front page is r/sports, what gives?
19 downvotes and counting..bring it!
Gronk is the fucking man
When down by 31 points, celebrate your touchdowns appropriately.
Clearly there's a Tebow conspiracy here.
Derek Jeter gives his one night stands parting gift baskets. What a nice guy.
Paterno Put His Penn State Money Above Disclosure of Child Abuse
Tebow leads the Broncos past the Steelers with an 80 yard TD pass on the first play of overtime
Jordan Jefferson is the worst quarterback in college football history.
Joe Buck addresses on Twitter his totally bland call on Eli escape/David Tyree's helmet catch in Super Bowl XLII
Manny Pacquiao accepts Floyd Mayweather's latest challenge
SportsCenter says Teebow 160 times in 48 minutes. Wow.
late to the party
Just a reminder to those pundits and talking heads on ESPN who talk football for hours on end.
Ray Lewis Is A Classy Guy
From the man himself: Kevin Love signs 4 year extension with the T-Wolves
Mike and the Mad Dog broadcast together again from Super Bowl Radio Row
Is ESPN Insider worth it?
The Thunder dominating the Spurs
OK, Sportscenter this is just getting ridiculous. 
Linfographic: Jeremy Lin's Journey to Stardom
Deadspin Comments are Much Funnier than Actual Jeremy Lin Post
Kobe Bryant Is NOT SCARED Of ANYTHING Not David Stern Or Lebron James Or Matt Barnes
best sports gif
Vandy downs UK for first SEC championship since 1951, Florida State pulls it out vs. UNC!!!
The 2012 NCAA Bracket Randomizer
Megatron signs monster 7-year extension with the Detroit Lions for $132M, $60M guaranteed
The reason I am ashamed to be a Los Angeles sports fan.
This Is a Flying Knee Knockout 
FOX to Joe Rogan: Take It Down a Notch
I wonder how ganster and threatening Geraldo Rivera finds Bill Belichick...
We can no longer just bash soccer now
Well World Peace is on the back burner for now...
NFL moving to suspend Pro Bowl, sources say
Roger Goodell like a boss.
Run
Chrish Bosh had a baby: It's a boy!
Dear Redditors of all countries, please help me realize my football dream :)
I guess there are 8,601 Mayweather and Bradley fans who go on ESPN.com
Megan Rapinoe came out as gay today.  Here's a video of her being awesome.  
ESPN entertainment writer liberally lifts passages verbatim from Wikipedia
Joe Paterno statue coming down this weekend
Very good, 50/50 question on SportsNation, I ask the same to you. Would you rather win a pro sports championship, or Olympic gold medal? Why?
There are at least 70,000 Penn State fans still in denial about Joe Paterno
Lithuanian fan fined for making Nazi gestures and monkey chants during the team's win against Nigeria
M.L.S. and NBCSN Give Birth to Ratings
Is this /r/sports, or /r/bitchingaboutESPN?
Archery is the ‘new’ curling? I don’t think so, NBC 
Revenues made by various sports. F1 beats basketball and american football is the 2nd richest sport in the world.
Thierry Henry Scores OLIMPICO Corner Kick Goal vs. Columbus Crew - 9/15/12 
Why do Europeans have no problem with the lack of parity in soccer, let alone flopping and ties?
A bookshop in Glasgow
Seahawk CB Sherman Repeatedly Gloats Tweets after Seattle Tops 'Gimmick' New England Patriots
Matthew Stafford gets face full of grass vs Bears
Goals of the week
Lindsey Vonn remains in hospital, being tested for 'severe intestinal pain'. 
Tigers P gives up his number to Torii Hunter in exchange for Sandy donation
San Diego State Basketball Player Does an Off-the-Backboard (From the 3-Point Line at Full Speed) Dunk! [vid]
Hall of Fame shuts out steroid-era stars
Handball World Championship 2013 Spain
How I feel as a 49er fan right now
Today Zack Golditch, an OL at Gateway HS who was hit by a bullet in the Aurora theater shooting, signed with the Colorado State Rams. Congratulations Zack!
Offense wins games, defense wins championships.
Maryland Upsets Duke In ACC Tournament, 83-74: Dez Wells Leads Terps Past No. 2 Blue Devils
Stay classy, Tampa.
BEST foul ball catch by a fan of the 2013 MLB season: Mariners Fan Catches Foul Ball in Beer
Who has been the most unlikely team to win a championship?
Tennis betting panel to further review 45 matches
Monster Block on Kevin Garnett by Jason Maxiell
Hockey Night in Canada theme song to be retired!???!?  This can't be happening!
Wie Skips a Major and Some Wonder Why - Sorenstam Comments
The Curse of the Goat…YOU SUCK!!!!
Why Mike Tyson SHOULD NOT be in Anyone's Top Ten!
The Sporting World's Most Bizarre Stadium Entrance
I loved this graphic this morning on Sports Center.
The Best Ways to Watch Live Soccer Online
ESPN Streak Game: 25 consecutive correct picks wins $1 million. This player went 24/24, then picked the Packers to win last night's MNF game.
Unspoken Tragedy Of Arena Football League Collapse: Jon Bon Jovi Has More Time For Music 
High school ice hockey player invents goalie pads that look like netting. Result: Two shutouts so far
First Openly Gay Racehorse To Compete Sunday 
“What, I can’t play hard against him? What is he going to do, cry?” - Ovechkin on Crosby
MWAHAHAHA
Penguins take Game 7 on the road from Red Wings.
This is why soccer is so cool
Michael Bisping being KTFO by Dan Henderson [GIF]
Tiger impersonating Charles Barkley's Golf Swing
Fan asks Oregon Ducks coach Chip Kelly for refund after loss at Boise State, gets a check for $439 in return
YOU'RE OUT! [PIC]
Best baseball prediction evar!
Is It Time to Retire the Football Helmet? - WSJ.com
Brad Miller Sinks Game-Winner But Referees Overturn on Bad Call [Video]
Wanted: For Killing Your Fantasy Football Team 
Michael Jordan on retiring 23 league-wide: I don't want my jersey retired unless you retire Magic Johnson's, Larry Bird's, and Bill Russell's jerseys.
Alabama dominates Florida in SEC Championship
Introducing Tennessee's recruiting secret weapons, The Hostesses (PICS)
Peyton Manning Leads The Colts Down The Field In The Last Minutes Of The Fourth Quarter To Beat The Jaguars And Stay Undefeated [video]
Florida coach Urban Meyer steps down for health reasons - ESPN
Manchester Utd 0-1 Leeds United - 3rd Round FA 
Cup
Does Tiger Woods owe you an apology? Use this handy flowchart to find out.
Ferrari mechanics block McLaren crew's view on a pitstop test. Kinda funny.
Problem, Kansas?
NHL hockey goalie drops the gloves.  Fucks some dude up for tripping him
It took me a second, but I think there's a genius secondary meaning of ESPN's home headline right now.
Players not happy with World Cup ball
LAKERS dominate the Celtics in Game 1. Lakers lead series 1-0. 
Rafael Nadal wins his fifth French Open 6-4, 6-2, 6-4 over Robin Soderling!
Higuain hatrick as Argentina beat South Korea 4 - 1
There should be a penalty for flopping. World Cup and NBA Finals, I'm looking at you ಠ_ಠ
LeBron James reportedly to join Chris Bosh with Chicago Bulls, NBA executive says
Big upset at Wimbledon!  Berdych beats Federer in the quarterfinals! 6-4, 3-6, 6-1, 6-4
Suarez saved Uruguay. Best tactical red card I have ever seen.
Broncos official site has Texans logo in the background
Alright Fantasy Football fans, the time is coming soon, let me know who watch out for and who to avoid
To all those who think Calvin was robbed by a dumb rule/ bad call I say NO.  He's just a dumbass
32 of the Hottest NFL Cheerleaders in the NFL (pics)
The first four (soccer) goals are impressive... The last one, though, is just ridiculous.  
Phillies fans love Lincecum.
NFL Classifies Any Celebration By Buffalo Bills As Excessive
Video: Amazing 86-yard punt that got some help from the wind
DAE root passionately against Ohio State solely because you hate how they always call themselves THE Ohio State?
No matter what, you have to respect the Bucs for this...
Gearing Up For The BCS Title Game with Lingerie Football.  Yeah, this is probably nsfw.  Who cares, it's worth it.
Get Shannon Sharpe off of half-time shows.
TIL that Brett Favre has become a verb that GMs are using pejoratively to describe a player who acts without the team's best interests at heart.
Why do Americans take college sports so seriously? No other country care about college athletics as far as I know.
Jay Cutler = Eric Cartman of the NFL.
America Celebrates Superbowl. Meanwhile in Canada...
Bruins top Canadiens, combine for 14 goals, 192 PIM
100 Greatest Shots in Basketball History. This is ridiculously awesome. How many more can you think of?
The Truth Hurts [PIC]
Classy pose you got there, Ibanez.
MLB take over control of the Los Angeles Dodgers.
DAE think that ESPN, specifically Sports Center, needs more coverage of hockey?
Mets/Phillies crowd breaks out in USA chants during game.
Everyone knows it, but this guy DOES have a really nice beard.
Fuck Lebron James.
If the Miami Heat go on to win the NBA Finals, there will be a flood of articles and TV spots detailing LeBron James' amazing transformation of character over the course of the 2011 season. Here's why you shouldn't fall for that.
20 reasons to pull for the Dallas Mavericks - ESPN
Latest Sportscenter ad perfectly describes every soccer game I've ever watched. [vid]
Non-americans: do you really think soccer is entertaining to watch or are you just trolling us?
Cowboys cut Roy Williams, Marion Barber, Leonard Davis, and Kris Brown
Tiger Woods returns to the course after 3 months
Another Beckham comes over to the USA, and I couldn't care less...his wife though...maybe soccer doesn't suck as much as I though
$1.5 Million Embezzled from SF Giants
Texas A&amp;M to leave Big 12 [official press release]
Nate Solder Showing Off His Rookie Hair Cut At Patriots Gala. Hazing is alive and well.
Pulaski Academy scores 29 points before opponent touches football
Irony
Soon
Scumbag Green Bay
Owners approve sale of Houston Astros that will move them from the NL Central to the AL West in 2013
In 1982, a Kicker won the Most Valuable Player in the NFL.
Hey this looks interesting...
Tim Tebow Does It Again!
Ronda Rousey: MMA’s Newest Hottie [Gallery]
Anyone else think CP3's jersey in this picture is perfectly fitting for what has been going on this past week?
Adrian Peterson is a good guy greg
A Chronology of Ron Artest’s Hair [Infographic]
I nostalgia'd hard
It's going to be a long week on ESPN.
Tebow is currently the biggest story in women's sports, too. (ESPNW screenshot)
How to Enjoy American Football (wrote this to help people watch the playoff games today)
Eli Manning Is An Elite QB (and other questions answered) - [Insider]
I guess it was meant to be (Prince Fielder)
Four years later, many changes for Patriots, Giants - Of the 106 players who were on the active rosters for the Giants and Patriots on Feb. 3, 2008, only 23 are still employed with the same team today.
The Novak Djokovic shirt thief has been identified!
Awkward Peyton
Montoya Explosion!!!
Good Guy D'Antoni 
Apparently the people who'd like to keep Sarah Palin away from becoming VP are generally the same people who wouldn't like Tebow as their team's backup QB.
Former All-Pro Sapp files for bankruptcy, claims debts of $6.7M 
Old signed baseball, can't tell whose signature...
Guys Who Spent $2 Billion On The Dodgers Do Not Have $2 Billion
Get it Malkin
Welcome to the NBA Finals OKC Thunder! Can't wait for the NBA Finals!
David Stern's tantrum to Jim Rome another reason why it's getting time for him to leave - Adrian Wojnarowski 
r/sports, lets do one of these for each sport
LeBron's got more rings than... oh. [xpost from r/nba]
Upon Further Review: Is Dwight Howard the Most Disliked Athlete?
I think I'm going to dump this trivia app soon
ESPN is apparently still unclear what team Prince Fielder signed with last offseason.
Dennis Rodman finally meets father in Philippines
The independent Olympic athletes getting down
Here's the Sailing Video the Olympics Doesn't Want You to See 
Say it aint so...... Ocho Cinco arressted for domestic violence
Today's record-tying 63 yard field goal and kicker David Akers' reaction, in animated gif form.
Seahawks Hailmary
A proposition/analysis:  GASP!  The replacement refs made the right call on 'the Play' last night
Funny how after last night's Packers game most of Wisconsin is now pro union.
As a Packer fan, sports comes before sympathy.
Oakland A's complete improbably comeback, defeat Texas Rangers to win their division in the last game of the season
TIL that when NFL player Darren Sproles played peewee football, his league instituted a rule that he could not run sweeps anymore because he literally scored every single time he ran a sweep.
Who cares that Lance Armstrong cheated? There are and will be cheaters in every professional sport in the world. Yet as a result of this man, thousands if not more people have been given courage, resources, guidance, and most importantly hope, that they will beat their cancer.
LAG IRL
SportsNation using the play on words
My reaction after being up 40 fantasy points only to lose it all after Doug Martin's 4TDs. 
How to dupe dopes who want to dope without doping.
Goals of the week
Things you wouldn't believe of you were told two years ago
Michael Jordan's greatest moment ever, without a doubt.
Traore (Seattle Sounders) goal vs Tigres to help put them through to the next round of the CONCACAF Champions League (subtitled with no regard for human life)
Seattle Mariners make the best commercials
Kevin Ware's gruesome injury (GIF)
Last year my cousin and his father took wounded veterans to all 32 NFL stadiums during the 17 week season...and they're still going!
I think Tony Gwynn Jr. just became one of my favorite players
White Sox catcher's priceless reaction to a home run off a ball he called for up in the zone
Every so often you happen across a little story so perfect that you just have to share it. This story is about New England coach Bill Belichick.
Hot Celeb Asian Babes
Report: Pats taped Rams' 2002 practice - Yahoo! News
19-0: The Historic Championship Season of New England's Unbeatable Patriots (Paperback)
The Value of Set-Pieces in Modern-Day Football
America's Top 20 Drunkest Athletes 
Ronaldo questioned after run-in with transvestite hooker
Russia drops visa requirement for Champions League.....uh oh
Ken Giffey Jr Wants Out
Is it time for the NFL to Marge Shott the Brown Family?
The 20 Biggest Football Stadiums
US Soccer Falls 9 places to 30th in new FIFA rankings-I know soccer isn't a main sport in the US, but we're behind the Ivory Coast now. Damn!
Top 10 Worst Overpaid NBA Players 
Michael Phelps, Teammates Win Gold in 4x100 Freestyle Relay
The REAL Olympic medal count sans events decided by judges
Magic Johnson fired back Friday at two Minneapolis talk-show hosts who had accused him of “faking” his AIDS.
Rarely seen honesty in life or sports - Golfer DQs himself....PLEASE get into politics, u got my vote!!!
Nuggets Dancer Leaves Announcer Breathless (Video)
Move Over Erin Andrews:  Charlotte Jackson May be the Hottest Sideline Reporter Out There
Ken Griffey Jr Signs With The Braves
a touching display of sportsmanship
Liverpool destroy Man Utd 4-1 at Old Trafford
Some hockey players dread having to fight. Not Georges Laraque though... [PIC]
Ovechkin and Crosby both score Hat Tricks in Game 2
Fuck! Fucking... mother fucking... Lebron! God damnit.
Lakers take Game 1.  Kobe gets 40.  24 points higher than the next game high player.
Chris Boomer Berman, Of ESPN Fame. Just Might Be The Smoooothest Dude Ever
Yesterday was like 9-11 for the OchoCinco
Everyone wants women tennis players to just STFU on court
The world's hottest sideline reporter, Ines Sainz
Little Girl Tosses Back Foul Ball
Jets beat Brady at home for 1st time
According to this pics from MLB.com A-Rod is some sort of sith lord and Vlad got the nod to pitch. 
Ravens eject Broncs fans for standing in front of their seats (with video)
Jordan to Leno, Are you stupid?
15 Greatest Super Bowl Grocery Pop Art/Beer Displays [pics]
Why did the Korean girls get DQ'ed after they won the gold in speed skating?
Are you guys watching USA vs. Finland? Wow. Check it out live...
OK, I'm impressed.
I found one reason to like Duke.
Phil Mickelson wins the Masters ahead of Lee Westwood, adds third green Jacket to collection
Entire Chicago Cubs Roster Shows Up At Blackhawks Game (PIC)
Cavs get dropped by 18 to the Celts
Phillies fan gets tased after running onto the field
Oakland Raiders release JaMarcus Russell
LeBron James gets bashed on Yahoo! Sports
2 years old knows his American football!
Lakers crush Suns in game 1
Celtics back in the NBA Finals
I love you landon donovan!
Patented Athlete Sex Moves
A video compilation of dads catching foul balls while holding babies
Philadelphia fans mock opposing team's coach's DUI by singing 99 Bottled of Beer in its entirety (w/ video)
6'-8 WR Justin Jones hauls in an amazing Hail Mary to give ECU a 51 to 49 win over Tulsa
University of Nebraska ranked #1 in Newsweek Education's Top-25 Jock School
How I feel about Ines Sainz
Randy Moss's one-handed catch [PIC]
Local football team, with a win out of reach, makes an autistic kids dreams come true.
Congratulations to reddit's Rangers fans on behalf of reddit's Yankees fans.
As a life long Ranger fan, congrats to the Giants. If it couldn't be us, I'm glad it was you.
As a Dodger fan, the only joy I have from this Giants win is knowing W. Bush is crying right now.
Tim Tebow of Denver Broncos writing memoir due out in April.  I didn't know 2 TD's justified a memoir.
Like him or not, it would be AMAZING to get Sean Avery into the NHL All-Star game for no other reason than to see the look on Gary Bettman's face. Let's do this!
Best goal celebration ever!
Luke Scott, Orioles OF: You don't think that Obama wasn't born in the United States, do you?
Luke Scott: He was not born here.
Jamie Moyer is having Tommy John surgery but says he'll be back at 50 to pitch again
Has everyone forgotten the 2005 and 2007 Fiesta Bowl? How about the 2009 Sugar Bowl? Yeah TCU won the 2011 Rose Bowl, but no one is going to care by next month.
they see me rollin...
Sources: Jim Harbaugh, San Francisco 49ers agree to 5-year deal - ESPN
The NFC West has the best playoff record over the course of the last five years??
Did anyone else see Blake Griffin get into it with Mario Chalmers last night?
What it's like watching sports with your girlfriend: SportsDome gets it spot on.
jay cutler is one big vagina. dude should grab a cheese head to go with that whine of his.
The Cavaliers record really puts into perspective 
how much LeBron did for that team and why 
nobody should be upset that he left to go to a team 
that knows how to play.
Hey Reddit! Did you see that ludicrous display last night?
WNBA's Miller sisters remind me of someone......
DAE absolutely love Gus Johnson??
Jalen Rose;  “For me, Duke was personal. I hated Duke. And I hated everything I felt Duke stood for. Schools like Duke didn’t recruit players like me. I felt like they only recruited black players that were Uncle Toms.”
Butler students any thoughts on this quote from your coach: The biggest compliment I can get is when a professor approaches me and says, 'I didn't know he (a student) was a basketball player until I turned on the TV.'

Just wait until I get in there... yeah, just wait...
Patriots trade #193 for #194 straight up.
I get paid far too much money to average 10 and 10!
That was close. Yeah, you're welcome... 
Tressel resigns at Ohio State University
USC football: It's official, BCS strips Trojans of 2004 title
One More Reason Dirk Nowitzki Is The Anti-LeBron
Netball you say?
Who else just saw that fat child lift his shirt on the World Cup replay?
NFL Owners Approve New CBA
Am I the only one who thinks we will not have an NBA for a couple of years, and couldn't care.
Good n old FIFA 94
Sony, EA and the Premier League are developing total immersion football - be at any stadium and at any game in your armchair
Jags cut Garrard, Luke McKown will begin season as starter
USA gets destroyed 67-5 by Australia at the Rugby World Cup...how much would we dominate if our best athletes played rugby?
To prevent riots, a Turkish soccer team gave free tickets to only women and children (goal at 2:17)
52 year old Dewey Bozella wins Boxing Debut.  Story of the Year.
Don't Be Scared, Homie: GSP's Shaky Hands
Excellent goal from the MLS playoffs over the weekend
Marshawn Lynch owning Ray Lewis
Packers overtaking Dallas Cowboys as ‘America’s Team’

Kellen Moore finishes with 50 career NCAA victories. Very impressive
Let's talk about Colt McCoy...
Yup, this sums it up quite well
I would pay any sum of money to have a Fathead of this.
Our favorite, Brian White Mamba Scalabrine and his highlights
My roommates weren't happy when I took a picture of them after the Packers' loss today
UFC's Dana White responds to ESPN's Outside the Lines
I'm not a huge tennis fan but this is pretty much the best it can get:
The 10 Most Cringeworthy Team Songs in Sports History [VIDEOS]
TIL the unexpected reason why it's called the Super Bowl
I'm the one who blocks!
Nick Mangold's 340-pound sister may make the Olympics for weightlifting
Jim Irsay offers $50k for tornado victims, not sure about the $28m for Peyton...
Honestly, how happy does this picture make you?
If this ever happens (Cubs Win World Series)
How Lehigh fans reacted when Duke lost
Official: Peyton Manning to the Denver Broncos
NFL history repeating itself with Denver signing Manning?
Philip Humber throws MLB's 20th perfect game.
Okay, let's just throw the Saints out of the NFL and get it over with already
Chelsea shocks Barca in Champion's League Semifinals
Crazy one hand, no look basketball shot.
Top 10 goals of the 2011-12 English Premier League, awesome watch.
A friend made this for me after Pau Gasol's performance in game 7
Barack Obama and David Cameron after Chelsea scored the winning goal. Can you spot the German in the room?
Why Do Boys Play Baseball and Girls Play Softball? 
A sad day for all women in sport: Deborah Malcolm reports on weekend’s Lingerie Football League game
LaDainian Tomlinson retires, 5th all-time in rushing 
yards
Reddit, 25 NFL Hall of Famers have written in to endorse Jerry Kramer for the Hall. Can we join and make right one of the biggest wrongs of the sport?
Boxing world champion Vitali Klitschko is sprayed with teargas during protests in Ukraine, after Ukraine's government voted to make Russian an official language instead of his home tongue
Andy Murray becomes first British Tennis play to reach Wimbledon finals in 74 years. 
Lance Armstrong vs. the Feds: Government Shouldn't Bother With Doping Witchhunt
Sports News: A Record 150,000 Condoms Will Be Handed Out At This Summer's Olympics. Apparently the Olympic Village is basically one giant sex-fest...wow. 
Trophy ceremony at British Open should be interesting...
Aaron Rodgers wishes football was in the Olympics
This Irish Announcer Needs to Start Calling NBA Games Immediately
Where the heck is brain cushing's fine and suspension for his hit on peyton manning?!
What is your favorite sports conspiracy theory?
What do you think was the top voted comment on r/sfgiants postgame thread after winning the world series? One clue: Giants fans always maintain perspective.
Jalen Rose Explains How Athletes Go Broke
Mariano Rivera intends to return to the Yankees for next season
Heavily drunk. Underage. With someone else's ID. Driving. Wearing a Teletubby costume. Detroit Red Wings prospect, ladies and gentlemen. 
Roger Goodell considering idea by Greg Schiano to eliminate kickoffs.
So a grand total of one traveling fan came to watch his club Udinese beat Sampdoria today..
Both towns, mine and the team we played, are located on the Mississippi River in southeast Minnesota. Tonight was the first annual river city battle. The winner gets this bath rope to keep at their rink until the next season, both economies are based off the river.
Dear NHL and NHLPA: the Buffalo Sabres sold 19,000 tickets to AN AHL GAME tonight. Get a deal done we're desperate!
Sacramento Kings are being sold to a Seattle group. 
Oops
The second most controversial sports figure this week is very thankful.
Pavel Datsyuk of the Detroit Red Wings beats all 6 guys on the ice for the Nashville Predators team.
The Gaels' Brad Waldow tries handing his tooth to his coach [GIF]
Philadelphia Phillies trade pitcher Mike Cisco to Los Angeles Angels for ‘no compensation’
After 27 straight games devoid of one, the Miami Heat have lost a game, losing to the Bulls 101-97
Will Ware be stuck with the bill? - Players are often unprotected by the huge NCAA system they play for -- and injuries can mean crippling bills
High-res pic of Kevin Ware's injury. Don't click if you don't like seeing gruesome stuff. NSFW I guess.
The Worst Sports Game I Ever Owned
Louisville's replacement for Kevin Ware
TIL: There is a college in Marietta, GA called Life University. Their enrollment is a little less than 2500 and their primary output is pre-med students who want to become chiropractors. In addition, they have the best rugby team in the country.
Last night, an NHL goalie let in one of the longest goals in history.  Epic Blooper!
Sex and soccer (VIDEO)
Manchester United v Chelsea - Champions League Final Preview
Celtics win game 2 - 108-102
Worst uniforms in sports history
7 of the Most Disappointing Summer Olympians
Olympics Feature Proud Gay Athletes, Lesbian Couples
Blocked punt gives Arizona 30-24 overtime victory over the Dallas
Okay folks, it's time for a BCS playoff system already. Let's quit this nonsensical computer model and get to the brackets.
Best Dirt Bike Trails in the United States
8 Non-hottest Women of the Australian Open
Attention whore Ocho Cinco skips start of Bengals' offseason workouts
Ken Griffey Jr. hits game-tying two-run homer into 12-inch-wide hit-it-here target ...wins somebody something
Fenway Fans paying tribute to A-Rod.
Marco Scuatro walks and steals 2nd base
Roger Federer wins historic 15th Major in a nail biter vs Andy Roddick at Wimbledon.
Best play of the year in baseball so far?  Well, I guess that means baseball is boring.
Has fan obsession with beatiful ESPN sportscaster Erin Andrews officially reached the creepy stage?
Dewayne Wise Saves Mark Buehrle Perfect Game With Amazing Catch (Video)
Brett Favre throws a dirty block 
M.J. was introduced as the greatest player ever and he’s still standing there trying to settle scores.
Don't cry for me, Argentina! Juan Martin del Potro upsets Roger Federer!  Wins in 5 stunning sets!
Chad Ochocinco tries to 'bribe' official on replay ruling 
Proving non-BCS teams don't deserve a chance at playing for the NC, TCU loses to some no name school. Meanwhile Boise St fails to beat any team that won a bowl game besides freaking Idaho who needed overtime to beat the lowly Bowling Green
High School Pranksters Re-enact Half Court Shot; Teacher Makes It 
Some good news: Tiger Woods college girlfriend speaks out
60-year-old Tom Watson fires off a 67 in first round of Masters at Augusta
UFC Fighter and Former Sys Admin Joe Lauzon Answers Your Questions (reddit video interview)
Troubled Super Bowl MVP Santonio Holmes Traded To Jets
Jimmenez throws first no-hitter in Rockies' history
I fucking hate Bratt Favre. 
Just like all Rondo's passes... right on target.
Calvin Murphy: LeBron James' Mother 'Absolutely' Had Sex With Delonte West...wait, WHAT?
Possibly the worst hitter in any level of baseball.
European Racism in Soccer. [vid]
The Ghana strategy.
24 years ago today, Rick Monday of the Chicago Cubs made the most patriotic play in baseball history. This seems like a good day to remember it. [video] 
Just a reminder: Brian Scalabrine has more rings than LeBron James. 
Spain goalkeeper Iker Casillas plants a kiss on his reporter
Oklahoma football player suspended for tweeting: “Hey everyone in Austin, TX .......kill yourself
Hey NFL, can we get a new camera angle?
NFL wide receiver Chris Henry, who died last year at 26, left his legacy through the donation of his organs. His mother made the decision. 'I lost my son, but I found four new families.'
Why a Heisman voter from Oklahoma didn't vote for Cameron Newton
Eagles comeback against the Giants as called by Merrill Reese
This is for all the Tostitos. -  This makes me very angry
Jay Cutler has a torn MCL
The Packers are financially solvent, competitive, and deeply connected to the 100K-person city of Green Bay. It’s a beautiful story but it’s one that the N.F.L. and Commissioner Roger Goodell take great pains both to hide and make sure no other locality replicates.
LeBron increased the overall value of the Miami Heat by 17%, dropped the Cavs' by 26%
Why David Akers was so off against the Packers
Manu Ginobili + Raja Bell= Infloption
Clay Matthews III is a lion riding a water buffalo riding Chuck Norris
A tribute to Greg Jennings, who put the team on his back.
My college has officially arrived.
Sad Perkins is Sad
Kudos to the NCAA for streaming all of March Madness on their website... for free... GLOBALLY. 
I remember reading this in college. Thinking I think he's telling the truth.
Lebron quote: Game 5 is the biggest of my life. Nowitzki quote: This is our game 7.  Anyone else notice the difference?
Although i'm a Heat fan, no one deserves a ring more than this guy.
Dirk Nowitzki's victory party last night was essentially a scene from The Hangover.
At the ripe age of 24, Maria Sharapova is the OLDEST remaining women's player at Wimbledon this year.
USA WINS!
The hypothetical cast for an ESPN movie. Not sure I agree with all of them, but Beadle is spot on. 
ABBY WAMBACH HEADS IT IN IN THE 103rd MINUTE!
Bahrain vs. Kuwait U-18 Basketball Game Results in Brawl. 
Larry David eating hummus at the Yankee/Redsox game. (X-Post/Pics)
FOX Sports apologizes on air for broadcasting fake headlines about QB Jay Cutler
Oh baby! Woman runs Chicago Marathon, gives birth 
The Seattle Sounders of MLS had over 64,000 in attendance for Saturday's last regular season game
The reason the World Series is so good for the NFL.
	
Our Heads Are Spinning: U.S. Skater Nailed First 'Quadruple Lutz' 
I DONT ALWAYS WATCH BASEBALL 
With the game winding down and the score tied, Philip Rivers fumbles the snap in field goal range. The Chiefs take it in an awesome MNF. 
Kellen Moore's crazy Hail Mary at halftime
Urban Meyer joins Ohio State Buckeyes as coach, agent confirms - ESPN
College Fball coach keeps his promise and gets a tattoo after team's bowl birth
BCS declares Germany winner of WWII
Just took this pic on the train after the rangers game
Girl gets a Cubs Pillow Pet for Christmas. She just happens to be a White Sox fan. Hilarity ensues.
Gina Carano Dances For You at UFC 141
Man, this football game is really good! I am enjoying the ga. . .  WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS?!?!
As a Niners fan I thought it was appropriate to change this slogan...
All hail the New York Giants!
At every Ivy League game Jeremy Lin has played, he has been taunted because of his race
Still one of the best things ESPN has ever done
UGA Soccer player arrested for stealing HashBrowns.
the sad truth of being a leafs fan......
What watching the NHL playoffs has felt like
Closer Mariano Rivera of New York Yankees says he will return from knee injury: I am coming back...Put it down. Write it down in big letters. I'm not going down like this. God willing and given the strength, I'm coming back.
OJ Simpson carrying the torch before the 1984 Olympic Games in Los Angeles. 
TIL that CharlotteBobcats.com isn't owned by the NBA team and is completely unrelated to the NBA
Reddit, If you still despise LeBron after reading this article than you really just hate him out of spite
How the Fuck did they give it to Bradley
Heat &gt; Thunder 4-1
Kobayashi downs 68.5 hotdogs at underground hot dog eating competition... half a hotdog more than Joey Chesnut. 
Team USA sets Olympic record with 156 points in one game
Alex Morgan header to win it with ~30 seconds left. 2012 Olympics vs Canada
A DeLorean HOVERCRAFT made its appearance at last night's Giants game (video)
This still gives me goosebumps
Patrick agrees.
Justin Blackmon is looking a bit pale nowadays...
Stephen A. Smith Thought An Article About Him In The Onion Was Real
California man arrested for ESPN post on killing kids
Denial.
Bob Marl....I mean Atari Bigby, Chargers safety.
This sums up the Jets fans perfectly... Caption couldn't be anything but WTF?!
Between the Benches: AHL's GR Griffins vs. Charlotte Checkers
To honor veterans in the US Armed Forces, Rutgers will be wearing these ridiculously badass helmets on Saturday
Riley Cooper hid in the end zone on a trick play kick return
Laker's hire Mike Dantoni to be new head coach
Chuck Klosterman and David Petraeus 
Vick update confirms significance of concussion: “He’s foggy.  He’s not very alert right now in terms of he just doesn’t have that energy,” Burkholder said. ”He’s tired all the time.  He’s slept a lot.  He’s not getting rid of the fatigue.  I would consider him heavy-eyed.”
Bob Costas is a fucking idiot
Wow. They weren't kidding. 
Handmade wooden nba logos.
10 friends &amp; the game of tag that has lasted 23 years - nobody wants to be 'it'
NCAA bracket from Department of Education based on academic performance
Bubba Watson uses a hovercraft when playing golf
89-year-old who pitched against Jackie Robinson: I didn't have any trouble pitching against him. It's when he got on base is when I had some trouble.
1983 Boxing Match with Doctored Gloves, Worse than bare knuckles, it was plaster.
Slow Motion
Unedited video of Kobe's jump
Bulls win #1 pick in NBA draft despite having just 1.7% chance
Evander Holyfield's $10 Million Estate in Foreclosure (Photos)
Amazing catch by a ball girl at minor league game is actually Gatorade commercial
LeBron James gets beat in a game of HORSE by a mere mortal. The crowd's stunned silence when James loses is amazing.
Go Jest! [pic]
Greatest Touchdown Celebration Of All-Time!
Rays beat Red Sox 3-1 to advance to World Series
Eric Mangini leads the pack for Browns head coaching job
Boston College will fire their head coach if he interviews with the Jets
Obama orders GM and Chrysler to cease participation in NASCAR.
Ron Artest Jokes Around During Postgame: I've been in the stands before... Some guy offered me a beer, I was just glad he didn't throw it at me. [VIDEO]
David Wells: ‘Players that cheat should be banned after first offense’
Here's another reason why not to like the Magic.  Their owner is a right wing zealot and yes it does and will affect you.
The Real All-Time Home Run List
Not all Bears fans are excited about Jay Cutler (PIC)
She's supposed to be going for gold tonight (Wed) but first she needs to prove she's not a he.
The 15 worst gimmicks in the history of pro wrestling
Derek Jeter Ties Lou Gehrig's Hit Record - a moment all sports fans should witness [vid]
BYU's win over Oklahoma may cause yet another headache this fall for the utterly corrupt, greedy, inept Bowl Championship Series
Argentina: Guy scores goal with header from 39 metres.
Horrible Person Wants To Buy Horrible Team - Rush Limbaugh wants to become part owner of St. Louis Rams - Deadspin
The Yankees lose.  Theeeeeee Yankees Lose!
The Dirtiest Soccer I've Ever Seen In My Life.... And It's Womens College Soccer [video]
Ochocinco is changing his name again, to Hachi Go.
Tiger Woods has been voted Athlete of the Decade by members of The Associated Press
Canada takes its first gold on home soil! Congrats to mogul skier Alex Bilodeau!
“Let me get this straight, VANOC built the world's fastest track – it has a record 152m drop the equivalent of 48 stories – to entice athletes to go as fast as...possible, while preying on their competitiveness and fearlessness. And when disaster occurred, they blamed the athlete...
This is why I love hurling
An Ivy League team makes it to the Sweet Sixteen!  Cornell beats Wisconsin, 87-69!
I'm from WV and this ESPN poll depresses me....Pic
Twins' outfielder hits his own mother with a foul ball
Davis calls penalty on himself, gives up shot at first PGA win 
Roy Halladay's current ESPN projection: 46 wins, 0 losses, with 12 shut outs and 324 Ks.
A high-school softball powerhouse FORFEITS to help teach an inner-city team the game
Cubs fan catches ball with beer, proceeds to chug.
It wasn't a perfect game.  It was something even better.  A lesson in class andempathy.
Miroslav Klose is the single player in the history of the World Cup to score five or more goals in consecutive World Cups. In the latter tournament his five goals were sufficient to win him the Fifa Golden Boot. He is in a place to break his own record by winning the award again in South Africa.
FIFA needs to address cheating.
LeBron James Saga Shows Us What is Wrong with Pro Sports: Why we Ought not Make Pro Athletes our Role Models | Psychology Today
Yahoo Sports puts together a narrative of LeBron's coup. Well researched.
Does anyone else think North Korea shouldn't be allowed to participate in the World Cup if they're going to punish their players for losing?
Pete Rose Still Has A Gambling Problem 
Take that Rich Rod! 
33 Rescued Chilean miners play football match against their rescuers but lose 3-2 after president scores against them!!!
Baseball Reference deserves a huge thumbs up for this!
30 years ago today, Howard Cosell famously announced John Lennon's death on Monday Night Football
2010 college bowl schedule with vintage helmets
2016 Rio Olympics logo
30 for 30 is not the only good thing ESPN has done...their commercials are also awesome. This one is my favorite.
IAE really disappointed that we have to listen to Rex Ryan for one more week?
Rex Ryan 
Rudy Gay: The Most Interesting Man in the NBA
My favorite Green Bay resident!
Inside Look at Super Bowl 2011
Big East gets 2 of 11 teams into the sweet sixteen. The ACC gets 3 of 4 teams. 
How I feel shortly after opening day, as an Astros fan.
It's pretty insane how much Ryan Dempster and Louis CK look alike.
Best postgame conference attire!  Looks like they just got out of class!
To any middle aged fans who gave up on the NBA years ago, you're missing some awesome play.
This makes all Heat fans look bad (we're not)
Dallas Mavericks win first NBA championship - also the first championship for career near-misses Dirk, Kidd, Marion, Peja, and Terry
Lebron responds by calling his critics stupid doo-doo heads who have way less money than him.
NFL owners are suddenly much more willing to deal: the players union reveals insurance policy that will pay them $200K each if there is no season.
My favorite Sportscenter commercial
I don't always watch baseball...

Tigers advance, A-Rod still sucks.
My reaction to the Bills season (so far!)
Is there any statistics on average GPA for NCAA athletes by sport?
La Russa reacts as game 5 goes to shit right before his eyes
What it's like watching Tebow suck in the NFL [pic]
The extra revenue created from Game 7 of the World Series is going to allow the city of St. Louis to forgo furloughs for city employees. 
Penn State's New Mascot
Dear Jerry...
Who are your favorite specialists in sports history?
It's hard to hate Tim Tebow after watching stuff like this
Tim Brown from Yahoo Sports broke the Pujols story, not ESPN.
MNF is sad tonight.  This is the team that's winning.  Lol.
Pretty sure the cops just confused Sam Hurd with Bird from The Wire. Bird/Hurd... Easy mistake.
In their 7th straight meeting against Mt. Union in the DIII football national championship--which uses a playoff--Wisconsin-Whitewater wins their 4th title, going 45-0 over 3 seasons. 
Packers lose to Chiefs! No longer undefeated!
Probably should've clarified that this was about basketball...
Tim Tebow Game Winning Pass
This is the dawning of the age of Demaryius
Epic PBA bowling fall
When a player is suspended, the NHL releases detailed videos explaining the rationale behind the severity of the punishment. Do any other leagues do this?
You cannot get a better football game than 49ers v Saints
America Needs more Soccer!
Stephen A. Smith Gives Skip Bayless The Middle Finger?
Jeremy Lin and the underlying racism around the Asian-American community - Good read.
Marbury finally wins a championship!!(In the Chinese league)
Bowling has one new fan.
Nice Toss
Why nearly every sport except long-distance running is fundamentally absurd.
RA Dickey pitches back to back CG one hitters!
Line judge... you had one job!!! (England vs Ukrain)
Why are Americans so against flopping?
Olympic Champion Michael Johnson: ‘Slavery Has Benefited Descendants Like Me’
Oil Can Boyd, what a magnificent bastard you are
Slick water polo kick catch and shoot.
Dwight Howard to the Lakers.
Mexico edges Brazil to win its first Olympic football gold medal. Neither team has ever won it.
I got this from Karl Malone himself. it was a great time.
UCLA's QB, Brett Hundley, played in his first collegiate game yesterday.  In his very first play, he ran 72 yards for a touchdown.  Not a bad first play to start your career [vid]
Armstrong was not just another cyclist caught in the middle of an established drug culture—he was a pioneer pushing into uncharted territory
Pirates' Travis Snider pulls in the catch of the year (GIF)
Rugby player loses testicle in match but plays on
An English Rugby Player Literally Played One Of His Balls Off
He deserves to be forgotten: Lance Armstrong stripped of Tour de France titles, more repercussions to follow
Why is Bernie Kosar so goddamn sweaty? 
Interesting article by the Poynter Review Project after following ESPN for 18 months
TIL the referee who blew the Lions-Texans touchdown call is the same guy who made the infamous Tuck Rule call
Short inspiring clip about Mario Götze, a german football/soccer player
Cowboys player’s blood-alcohol level was twice limit, Irving police say
Martina Hingis vs. 5 Japanese tennis players
So the greatest playoff game of the millennium just happened.
SEC Keeping it real.
Six year old Rio Olympics stadium closed due to roof problems
Olympic Committee thinking about adding 3-on-3 basketball for Rio Games
Ridiculously photogenic goalie doesn't give a shit, at 0:15
NIT Still Has 10 Open Slots If Anyone Wants To Play 
Bertuzzi suing coach Crawford
New Age-Limit for NBA Draft Coming Soon?
Ronaldinho Is Going AC Milan
Baseball, Dominican-style. 
2008 Olympics Opening Ceremony
Tony Hawk Was The First Person To Land A 900 In A Contest...Sandro Dias Is Now Landing Them In Contests Regularly
Tom  Brady is Hurt
Brett Favre's Smelly Locker Room Prank
Footage of Obama's Pre-Election Basketball Game [pics]
Michael Phelps caught taking a hit from a bong
Madden to retire from broadcasting
How is this not a flagrant foul? (Rajon Rondo vs. Brad Miller) [video]
Absolutely ridiculous ending to the 2009 NCAA Lacrosse National Championship Game - Cornell vs Syracuse [Vid]
One of the great sporting comebacks of all time. USA who started today bottom of their group in the Confederation Cup soccer tournament, powered their way past Egypt and World Cup winners, Italy, to qualify for the semi-finals against Spain
 Bolt again! 9.58 World record in Berlin!
Stunning play - football team misses field goal as time expires, but wins anyway; watch the kid in distress at bottom of the screen.
USA Defeats Honduras 3-2 And Now Qualifies For The 2010 World Cup
Best Player on the Raiders
Washington Redskins eject fans from Monday Night Football game who were wearing t-shirts or carrying signs critical of team ownership, thus cementing Dan Snyder's reputation as a moron.
2009-10 Bowl schedule - ESPN
Eagles Vs. Giants
How to Shit The Bed By Vinny Del Negro (PIC)
Drew Brees finally reveals the pre-chant cheer to crowd at Lucy's Surfer bar in New Orleans
Bar Thinks They Have Curling Figured OUt
A Brief History of Olympic Sore Losers
Texas High School Gets $60 Million Football Stadium
Kobe Bryant did his best to hide these photos, but the LA Times was willing to pay more...
Boston Celtics beat Orlando Magic in game 1 of the Eastern Conference Finals 
Floyd Landis admits doping, other names included. S$*t just got real.
U.T. Vols fans will understand...
Ron Artest just thanked his Psychiatrist for helping him win the NBA Championship. Words, I have none.
Roger Clemens to Be Indicted for Perjury in Doping Testimony
I know the cupcake college football games at the beginning of the season aren't fun.  But this trick play by Presbyterian last night against Wake Forest is pretty awesome. [vid]
Dan LeBatard rant of Jets loss, That pretty Mexican in the tight pants that got harassed, that's your quarterback. (starts at 1:13)
Surfing all over the World [pics]
I think we all know who's going to win this race [PIC]
Epic SI Cover Story: Former NFL Agent Tells All, Names Names Of College Players Who Took Money
This Rangers picture is worth a thousand words.
Kobe looking like Magic with the no-look pass last night.
Dog owner can't forgive Michael Vick | Bill Plaschke | LA TIMES
Fuck you, ESPN
A scary sight for any Yankees fan
Is Lebron James The Most Overrated Athlete Of All Time?
DAE hate the the Faith Hill opening song of NBC football?
Mike Vick asks Lebron if they still want him as a point guard for the Heat
I will use my roommate's taser to tase myself 10 times in one minute if the Packers do not beat the Bears in the NFC title game.
Since 1995 the Alabama Crimson Tide Football team has been banned from the post season 3 times, vacated 29 wins(plus a tie), and have been put on probation for 8 plus years.
USC QB Mitch Mustain picked up last night for selling ADHD drugs to an undercover officer, a felony
Michael Jordan scores 40 points on the L.A. Clippers in 1987 - Hoopsencyclopedia's latest upload!!!
Spurs fall to Heat in their biggest regular season margin of defeat since 2005
Awesome Scissors Kick
By cutting them down - UConn has ruined perfectly good, brand new, never-been-used nets.
Guess who's back. 
NBA players are so classless, the whole Celtics team, except for Ray Allen and Delonte West, went right to the locker room after they lost. Makes me appreciate the handshake line at the end of NHL playoff rounds even more.
Shaquille Oneal's career is likely over. Here's my favorite Shaq clip.
Billionaire owner of Chicago Cubs: I can't stand it when I hear someone say they can't afford to go to a game. Fuck you too, Tom.
If the Canucks win the Stanley Cup will they visit the White House?
Bosh is a baby. Nothing happened on that play except for a pussy drive into the lane that lead to a turnover.
Bitter Heat fans
Vancouver Canucks unveil new logo
Best Dirk Gif Ever
Kid makes a ridiculous catch at the Home Run Derby
Bleacher Report's honest new redesign 
I'm not going to read this story because I'd rather have fun imagining what the ultimate penalty could be
MMA Fighter's Eyebrow Looks Like It Exploded
Does anyone own of a copy of the June 1970 No Hitter game by Dock Ellis while on LSD?
After watcing the 49ers/Lions game...
So I was on the NFL's site looking at the Titans/Colts game photos and came across THIS cheerleaders photo. WAIT FOR IT...(NSFW)
Fuck this evil monster of a man.
Who is ready for the BCS to blow up on itself when Arkansas beats LSU. What the hell then?! 
Top 10 Small Athletes in Sports
Awesome: St. Louis church donating old Pujols gear to Anaheim charity
Might be the best catch I've seen all year
Congrats to Robert Griffin III! First Baylor player ever to win the Heisman.
Kobe's wife passes the 10-year alimony for life point, cashes in
The best own goal ever?
NBC Will Stream Super Bowl Broadcast Live
Brees breaks NFL single season passing record
Source: Paterno in grave condition
Best tweet ever? 
Guess who became a pro?
Every damn time.
Gay Pornstar Makes UFC’s ‘The Ultimate Fighter’ Cast
NBC teams up with YouTube to live stream the London Olympics
Mizzou just made this one waaaaay too easy...
Jets Worry Tim Tebow Will Be Distracted By Wild New York Churchlife
I guess a lot has changed since I last followed the NHL
Why my attempt to get into American football has been unfruitful
Snoop Dogg's son offered schloarship by UCLA.
Too soon?
Another US Olympian banned from London over marijuana
Lydia Ko, 15, sets record as youngest LPGA winner
With Referees Out, N.F.L. Players Throw Flag on Novice Fill-Ins
14-inning win means Orioles will have first non-losing season in 15 years (1997)
The Pack is Back
The closest game in my 3 years as a GA Bulldog. Wouldn't want to be anywhere else with a view like this.
Sent our invention to San Francisco Giants pitcher Barry Zito (winner of game 6).  Look what the cool brotha sent back! Go Giants!!!
How I feel watching the Steeler/Giants game
Lance Armstrong to confess to Oprah? Winfrey announces an exclusive interview with the controversial cyclist next week. He will address doping scandal
/r/soccer's campaign for a good cause. Celebrating 100k subscribers: Lets Go Play! (x-post from /r/soccer)
Hey ESPN
Sergio makes a fried chicken remark regarding Tiger Woods
In basketball and football, how far down the NCAA totem pole do you have to go before one of the best high school teams in the country has an even match-up against a college team?
Detroit City Council Meeting Desinigrates into Shrek Name-Calling (FUN-NY!)
Dear Michael Phlep's Mom: Stop submitting endless stories about your son. We get it. You're proud. Now stop.
White People: No White Person Has Ever Broken 10 Seconds in the 100 Meters
Devastating highschool football block, takes out 2 players
The 10 Most Horrific Leg Injuries in Soccer History
Lewis Hamilton Wins F1 World Champion!
One year after being the league's worst team, the Dolphins win the AFC East
Eagles beat Giants, reach NFC title game, 23-11
Pictures from Yankee Stadium on the afternoon of Friday, April 17.
Ichiro bursts from his locker... and proceeds, in English, to disparage the National League with an H-bomb of F-bombs.
Blount is done! Oregon Ducks suspend LeGarrette Blount for remainder of season for punching Boise State Player.
Burger King Cowboys Cartoon: Did Fox really air this?
Anyone else watch the Yankees get trounced?
Florida State Offensive Lineman Stays In The Same Position... For A Whole Play [video]
13-1 New Orleans Saints lost to 2-12 Tampa Bay Buccaneers in overtime. 20-17.
This is why I love Rex Ryan.
Oprah Thinks Drew Brees' Birthmark Is Lipstick and Tries to Wipe It Off
Sachin Tendulkar becomes world's highest ODI 
scorer
MLS Attendance moves past NBA, NHL
China stripped of Olympic medals from 2000 due to use of underage gymnasts 
Bud Selig should move 2011 MLB All-Star Game out of Arizona if new immigration law isn't stopped - Lupica
Legendary UCLA coach John Wooden dead at 99
photo of ref's point of view from the USA-Slovenia game
Lady Gaga banned from Yankees clubhouse after she showed up, dressed in a half-buttoned Yankees jersey and a bikini bottom, she swilled whiskey and fondled her chest.
Lebron, Dwyane, and Chris Bosh tag team against the Cavs (nwo parody)
Why We Still Should Regard A-Rod As A Cheater In His Quest For The Home Run Record
Lou Piniella stepping down after Sunday's game
Stephen Strasburg of Washington Nationals has torn ligament; surgery probable
KO.
The NBA is finally trying to take care of the whiners.
ESPN's College Gameday is in Columbia, MO this Saturday.  So Harpo's put a new sign up.
After 20 years, say goodbye to ESPN's Sunday Night Baseball announcing team of John Miller and Joe Morgan
Did anyone else see TO jogging back to the line of scrimmage when the Bengals were only down 6 and trying to run a hurry-up offense with less than a minute left?
Remember the awesome photo of Lebron and Wade last week? Well, Boston just decided they could do better.
The Greatest Letter Ever Printed On NFL Team Letterhead. I wish corporations/teams would still respond to stupid people like this. I would sign up for that job in an instant. 
Surprise onside kicks finally coming to Madden next year.
Breaking the Michael Young News to a Three-year-old
Wilt Chamberlain had some interesting dreams, as a high schooler. [yearbook pic]
Bill Russell deserves a statue in Boston. Let's make this happen Reddit
Troll face spotted at the Arizona - Washington game a few minutes ago
What is the NBA becoming?
Miami Heat get drubbed by a much better team. What else is new?
Kevin Love tied Moses Malone with 51 straight double-doubles. He'll try to break the record tomorrow. He has 160 more rebounds than 2nd place Dwight Howard. He doesn't play on a major media-whore team. This guy deserves some love.
We did it. The University of Minnesota - Duluth is the NCAA National Hockey Champions!
Bill Simmons on FT discrepancy between Heat/Bulls and 76ers/Pacers
Arizona Cardinals Player has Greatest Twitter Bio Ever...
Can we agree that the NHL has the best traditions of any sport?
The Duke women's basketball team poses for a funny picture
ESPN photoshops Hope Solo's nipple...  
Study: 11.26 dives happen per men's soccer matches, as opposed to 5.74 in women’s matches.
Harrison rips Goodell, Patriots ... and Ben?
Okay SportsCenter... You made me giggle a little. 
NFL: Terrelle Pryor eligible for NFL but must sit first five games
I am playing in the Women's Softball World Series!!
Bill Plaschke is an idiot: Vick wants to be a dual-threat guy, but he wants to be officiated like he poses only one threat? It doesn’t work that way.
Hope Solo's ESPN Magazine's The Body Issue Cover Shot 
What it's like as an American soccer fan.
Carson Palmer headed to the Raiders
Of all the things Glenn Beck has ever said, this pissed me off the most.
Floyd Mayweather to Pay for Joe Frazier Funeral.
Looks like the Washington Capitals have been up to something
Ndamukong Suh escapes unhurt after crashing car into tree
For all those talking about Farve joining the Bears.
In 2006, the #2 Michigan Wolverines lost by 3 points on the road to the #1 Ohio State Buckeyes in the last game of the year, and people claimed they had their shot and should not be given a rematch.
Chris Paul? NOPE
Tom Williams has resigned as Yale's football coach after the university investigated whether he lied on his resume about being a candidate for a Rhodes Scholarship while a student at Stanford.
Why is Running Up the Score Such a Problem for Americans?
I hate Tebow too, but...
Too soon, Google. Too soon.
Southern Miss takes disciplinary action against students for derogatory chant
The Miami Heat stand together on the Trayvon Martin issue. 
Lingerie Football League cancels 2012 season to allow 2013 season to be in Spring and Summer
I dont always score...
Manny Pacquiao: Gays Shouldn't Get Married, They Should Be Put To Death
Megatron taking BP at Comerica
Something tells me our team isn't very good...
ESPN Reporter: what holes are you guys  exploiting in (the Heat) defense? Rajon Rondo: Them complaining and crying to the referees in transition.
Steve Nash's charity soccer game - bringing professional soccer and basketball players to the same park in Chinatown
How I feel about the unranked Williams sisters beating the number one seed
Easily one the best player America has ever produced
ESPN, how is this relevant topic in the world of sports?
Michael Phelps mom double reaction to gold.. then silver
Mo Farah becomes first Brit to win Olympic 10k; Galen Rupp (2nd) first American to medal in the event 1964
Pictured is the first European soccer (football) team to ever embrace a corporate sponsorship on their uniform
Another big game for Coyotes
They screw you because you let them. Time for hockey fans to take a stand.
Taylor Martinez TD run Big 10 Championship game! LEGENDARY!
How I imagine the next 2 weeks on ESPN will go
Goals of the week
Tiger wins 7th Farmers Insurance Open; 75th career win
The people responsible for the lights going out during the Super Bowl
Not having a ball to play soccer with does not stop the children of Africa from pursuing something they love
Students get handcuffed and property gets damaged as Quinnipiac students crowd the quad on the Mount Carmel campus.
Hirschbeck with a Too-Quick Ejection of Bryce Harper (and I'm not even a Nats fan) -for Video, #4 in Article-
Brittney Griner's arm is like something out of space jam
Harry Enfield: Arsenal vs Liverpool (final score 11-10)
Matsui will be placed on the disabled list to undergo surgery to repair an anal fissure....
Buried David Ortiz jersey nets $175K - Yanks will need another excuse next year
Papa John's Apologizes to Lebron, Cleveland. Cleveland Redditors: Enjoy 23 cent Pizzas on Thursday.
France Coach Made An 'Error' by Proposing on TV After His Team's Loss at Euro 2008
Anyone for Tennis? 7 Wimbledon Questions Answered 
Another Pac 10 Flop: USC Loses in Corvalis Again! Wow!
World Sexiest Chess Player: Alexandra Kosteniuk [pics]
Cubs lose...Cubs lose....theeeee Cubs lose:  100-years of futility continues, as the Cubs get swept by the Dodgers.
20 Greatest Charles Barkley Quotes
Oklahoma vaults past Texas for No. 2 in BCS standings - College Football 
15 Embarrassing Moments in Sports (pics)
Amazing photo gallery from Brett Favre's 1991 draft day
Sore Loser Lebron James refuses to shake hands with winners and skips giving any interviews
Beat up Rianna - Probabtion.. Get drunk, run over a dude, kill him - 30 days in jail - Donte Stallworth. Steal Lance Armstrong's Bike - 3 Years in the clink!
Maybe Michael Vick can join the Browns and then the Dawg Pound can cheer him on?
Did you see the Hall of Fame Game yesterday? Best fake punt ever.
The Onion: Brett Favre Just Chucks Reputation Up There
Mets Retaliate For David Wright Beaning By Murdering Pablo Sandoval
10 of the best one-punch knockouts of all-time
Whoops.  #3 USC loses to Washington.  The one that was 0-12 a year ago.
Kobe Bryant Buzzer Beater = Best Win of the 2009-2010 season. [VIDEO]
Chad Ochocinco Scores, Provides Emotional Tribute to Chris Henry in End Zone [Video]
Philadelphia Eagles Trophy Case. [PIC]
Referees call Lebron James for 50% fewer fouls than the average player
Well done Canada
Larry Bird said in an interview that back in his playing days he really got irritated when they put a white guy on me. Why did he care if whitey guarded him? [B]ecause it's disrespect to my game.
Packers Unveil Third Jersey - Looks like an incredibly lame low budget super hero.
Phoenix Suns score 152 points in a single NON-overtime game.
Butler defeats Michigan St., 52-50!
Incredible play at the plate
Lebron's Perfect Ratio
2010 World Cup comes to a close (The Big Picture)
NL wins 3-1 in 81st MLB All Star Game.
TM Rays pitcher Matt Garza throws a no-hitter against the Detroit Tigers. Good to see them on the other side for once.
FIFA considers eliminating all ties at the World Cup
Will Ferrell &amp; Manny Pacquiao Sing Imagine 
Reddit, can I repost this? 
Save of the year by Tim Thomas.
People in Detroit.
Craziest touchdown I've ever seen...and in a division-III game on the last play
Jazz send Deron Williams to the Nets in a multi-team deal.
A tournament to decide who gets to be on the Madden 12 cover.  Everyone get on and vote for Panthers OT Jordan Gross!
POW! Right in the kisser!
UCONN WINS IT!
Michigan State and North Carolina have agreed to play in the Carrier Classic on Veterans Day, the first NCAA basketball game to be played aboard an aircraft carrier.
How many are more excited for the NFL Draft than the royal wedding.
Why does Durant always wear a backpack in his postgame interviews???
DAE think it's hilarious that wade's fall on the injury was so much less dramatic than his flops?
Cleveland Pathetically Celebrates Greatest Sports Moment In City's History
Travis Hafner's Walk Off Grand Slam
REALLY FIFA?!!? Terrible call in US vs Brazil women's World Cup game. 
Whoever did this to Joe Buck's Wikipedia is awesome.
sickest baseball catch. (not a dive like every other play you see on sportscenter) 
Thanks, ESPN for showing me how much money I'll never make.
you really bought this? [pic]
The NFL is directing all 32 clubs to display real-time fantasy football stats at all home games for the new 2011 season
Two Bengals players caught with 6 lbs of pot
How the Yankees felt after losing to the Rays.
Brian Scalabrine is the second leading scorer on his Italian basketball team. Holy shit
Sounds about right.
MLB to add two extra wild card spots for MLB playoffs. Thoughts?
Just a reminder that today is Grey Cup Sunday!
Just juggling baseballs with a bat off a pitchback.
Orton is bitter. [video]
How I feel after having lived in Boston for the last 15 years.
London Fletcher's hit on Tom Brady (Called for unnecessary roughness)
Bengals problem isn't shortage of fans. It's the owner. (x-post r/cincinnati)
Top ten sports teams of Reddit
Chris Berman eeks by Joe Buck, voted worst announcer of 2011
Kansas fans troll with the best (Cundiff related)
Q: What is the historical example history which makes the loss of individual liberty exchangeable for security? A: there is none.
Every bidder for the Dodgers should withdraw right now
Ain't nuthin' like the truth.
I laughed. Hard (Tebow-Cromartie)
Best...Race...Ever
Kazakhstan's shooting team has been left stunned after a comedy national anthem from the film Borat was played at a medal ceremony at championships in Kuwait instead of the real one.
Watch Kimbo Slice’s Suspicious “Knockout” of Brian Green
Great picture. A member of D.C. United is given a yellow card for flopping while two members of the Houston Dynamo look at him in disapproval.
Stan Van Gundy: I'll miss you, my frumpy favorite coach
Best thing I've heard in a while - must read for the athletes out there
Tiger Woods' crazy chip shot to put him into the lead on the 16th hole.
I've been thinking the same thing
MMA Referee Knocks Out Fighter’s Coach [Video]
when i hear sports center say the league has to approve the Dwight Howard trade...
Pretty sick footage of Mens 4x100m final - gives a feel of what it was like to actually be there
MJ's expired CC up for bid
I bowled my first 300 a while back....im only 16 
In a couple years, this will be real...
The Best Sumo Wrestlers Are No Longer Japanese.
Alex Collin's mom steals Letter of Intent 
Someone actually said this regarding Kevin Ware's injury...
K-State won its first conference title in baseball last night, making it the third program in history to win a conference title in all three major sports in the same season (Texas and Stanford are the other two).
Patriots beat Giants to finish regular season undefeated
England v USA - 28 May 2008
Bruce Bowen is a Dirty Ass Player [Video Proof]
Mav's owner Mark Cuban knows who can best solve the problem of agents funneling money to high school phenoms
IOC announces 2016 Summer Olympics finalists
10 Sports Arguments You Really Shouldn't Make
 10 Sexiest Cheerleading Uniforms in the NFL
Washington Capitals Epic 5 on 1 Fail
Worst Boxer EVER
Ellsbury STEALS HOME against the Yankees - Video 
The First Ever Streaker at Citi Field!
LeBron can't come up with a last second 11 pointer.
This is Brutal. Joe Buck's new show completely shit on by Artie Lange
Manny Ramirez and David Ortiz were among the roughly 100 Major League Baseball players to test positive for performance-enhancing drugs in 2003.
Prince Fielder's walk-off home run, and one of the best walk-off celebrations you'll ever see [vid]
Rush Limbaugh to be out of bid for St Louis Rams
Seats of Gold (Yankee Stadium).... A sign of what greed does to loyalty (and why I cannot stand the Yankees)
Can someone please explain what this guy was doing and how it helped?  ESPN apparently thinks it's beneath them.
Bill Belichick is great.
Look What Happens When U Bet Against Bama [pic]
Former NFL star Dave Pear: I wish I never played football. I wish that more than anything. Every single day
The Onion: Shaq Misses Entire Second Half With Pulled Pork Sandwich
Sweet hockey goal
Barack Obama Does Play-by-Play in Duke-Georgetown Game ... and He's Pretty Damn Good! (Video)
Colts lose. No perfect season, no Superbowl ring. What a disappointment.
Olympic Luger dies on Day 1 of the Olympics
Just so you know, this years insanely exciting NHL playoffs are on right now and not much is getting posted in /r/sports because it's all being posted in /r/hockey... Join us!
Armando Galarraga, congratulations on the perfect game!
So wait... this time a team is blatantly offside, and the goal ISN'T disallowed?
Lebron James Announces He's Gay
Cleveland fans manage to be super-whiny and still do something good! They're collecting LeBron clothes and sending it down to homeless shelters in Miami.
The Cover of NCAA Football 11 Looks a Little Different in Tuscaloosa [pic]
Another terrible call in baseball: umpire makes game-deciding foul call without actually looking at play, costs Marlins important game.
Why college football blows away the NFL
Reggie Bush to be stripped of Heisman Trophy
Michigan State just had an amazing play for the win in ot, against Notre Dame.
Pierre Garcon makes a riiiiiidiculous catch
New England Patriots official soft drink sponsor....
Kim Clijsters humiliates interviewer who asked if she was pregnant
Who else is ready for the World Cup match between Green Bay F.C. and Pittsburgh United?
Christina Aguilera botched the lyrics to the national anthem on the Superbowl.  Someone let me know when the vid is available online.
For the first time in its 45 year history, the Super Bowl was without professional cheerleaders.
Two two white guys, playing basketball
Grant Hill’s Response to Jalen Rose
Browns fan, PSL holder Ken Lanci files suit against Browns and 31 other NFL teams - and states case very well. Go Ken!
One of my favorite pairs of basketball sneaks EVER.
I can't pull a title out of my ass like this guy did a goal...
Heat take the series!
I know this is old, but just a quick reminder that Kurt Warner was awesome.
Coach Calipari: 3 NBA players to come back to take classes at UK during NBA lockout
WOW, really Floyd Mayweather?
I've decided that I cannot stand ESPN anymore for sports news, r/sports, where do you get your sports information at?
I saw something this morning during the ManU, Liverpool game that I'm still not fully understanding. 
Huge 15 Indycar crash in Vegas, Dan Wheldon hurt
George W. Bush before the start of Game 7...
Keanu is on to you, Urban Meyer
SNL Tim Tebow sketch from tonight...Pretty funny
May never get tired of this....
Is Anyone Else Sick Of ESPN???
If I played football, my facemask would look like Chris Canty's.
I work at a Louisiana Grocery Store and this was posted at work.
My solution to the Packer's offensive linemen problems
THE NEW YOR FOOTBALL GIANTS HAVE DONE IT ONCE AGAIN!
I just realized how frighteningly athletic the Team USA frontcourt will be for London 2012.  Lob it up.
Ray Lewis
GRONK LIKE PIZZA!!!
Hey, Kobe!
Jeremy Lin's father calls him after his career night
Winnipeg Jets score on 5-on-1... The Flying W!
Soccer needs to be played like this.
Gronk wants your Madden cover vote
Morris Claiborne during the Wonderlic Test
Babe Ruth jersey sells for record $4.4 million
Scumbag NBC on the Stanley Cup Finals
BALOTELLI SMASH!!!
Baby Picture of Anthony Davis
[x-post r/soccer]Seattle Sounder's Steve Zakuani back from a 15-month injury hugging and exchanging shirts with the player who broke his leg.
Lebron's Gmail account
John Isner is really that much taller than Olivier Rochus. (Olympic Tennis, x/post from r/pics)
Every man watching the women's team play 
Andy Murray beats Novak Djokovic to win US Open - First British winner since 1936
Wes Walker, meet the Legion of Boom.
THE NBA SEASON IS FINALLY HERE!!!!
Today I give my son my childhood.
Johnny Manziel and his trophy
Goals of the week
Really...
NFL MVP Award dominated by the damn quarterbacks?! There are a lot of other people on a team.
The Book of Coach: The most influential football coach of the past 30 years hated his legacy. The grind swallowed him. In the whooping and wet locker room after winning the Super Bowl, he wept alone, head in his hands, relieved it was over. But the minute he retired, he began to regret.
Bernard Hopkins beats Tavoris Cloud to become oldest boxer to win major title
Louisville Cardinals Win 2013 NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament.
I don't believe that officials are paid off or anything like that. What I DO believe is that ONE bad call can ruin a game. And I believe that's what happened tonight.
Sepp Blatter's Twitter Account has been hacked.
Vijay sues PGA over doping allegations
Timetable for Nowitzki's return uncertain after diagnosis of ankle, knee injuries
Hank Steinbrenner: Make Joba a starter.  Brian Cashman: Shut the fuck up, Hank.
Mike Piazza retires after 19 years
Joe Paterno speaks out against opposition to college football playoffs - the reasons against it are bogus
Manny hits number 500
Brett Favre To Retire From Jets
Dear ESPN, please don't put us through another summer of round-the-clock Brett Favre coverage
Blowing the whistle on the NBA's flaws
NBC puts a stop to Stanley Cup viewing parties at Detroit &amp; Pittsburgh arenas because it's hurting local TV ratings
Muhammad Ali dodging punches (gif)
nike does not want you to see lebron james being dunked on
ESPN bans NY Post reporters from all programming after the Post put up nude photos of Erin Andrews from the peephole video
YouTube - Arkansas gets screwed by SEC referees
#1 Draft Pick Blake Griffin AMAZING DUNK
MMA Fighters (That Don’t Look Like MMA Fighters)
Yankees take 27th World Series Title
Seriously, WTF happened to Sammy Sosa?
Redskins kicker gets fired for missing the 23 yard kick that would've upset the undefeated Saints.
This is what happens when your girlfriend asks you to explain the difference between intentional grounding and throwing it away.
Vick Calls Fumble In Cowboys Game 'The Worst Thing I've Ever Done'
Kurt Warner retires
A 13-year-old 7th grader QB just committed to play at USC..  
Ohio State clinches share of Big 10 regular season title with win over Illinois
Bulls Mascot Mocks Craig Sager (PIC)
Switch hitter v.s. switch thrower
Oh Yahoo sports, how you make me laugh [pic]
Shannon Brown with the greatest missed dunk of all time? - Ball Don't Lie - NBA - Yahoo! Sports
Can people please stop with the diving/(flopping) and poor reffing decisions are a part of soccer bullshit?
regarding ties, dives, and video replays in football (soccer)
FIFA bounces Koman Coulibay from next round of World Cup
Heck, who cares about soccer anyway?
Rather than embrace technology FIFA sticks its head further up its ass. 
Cavaliers' New Uniforms
Wooo!  Michigan wins 28-24 over ND in a tense game.
It's a what now?
Reddit, Please help vote for my buddy to play in the Pro Bowl!!!!!
Video of a Jets assistant coach intentionally tripping a Dolphins gunner in their game today. 
I am sick of the huge boner that the ESPN family of networks have for Brett Favre. Anyone else?
My god Tyreke...Excellent NBA finish
Kevin Love and the Timberwolves Reflect upon His Awkward Handshake with Wes Johnson
My favorite sports picture 
Blake Griffin is an INSANE athlete
Blake Griffin takes a page out of JR Smith's book with the ridiculous 360 layup
This guy ran a marathon every day, for the last 365 days. Today, after running 15.000 kilometers, he finished his last one.
Let me see if I understand this correctly...
I love messing with friends when they talk stats
NCAA approves series of football rules changes...teams can lose points for taunting penalties...will be an interesting year ahead
Watching MIA-PHI, and there's loud chanting and clapping while the Heat are on defense although no one in the crowd can be seen clapping. Anybody else wish the NBA would ban stadiums from playing noise while the game is going on?
LeBron has announced where he is taking his talents next in search of a championship...
Rory has the best backyard in the world!!! 
American Football World Cup Finals Highlights [vid]
Bradley OUT as U.S. National Coach
Stan Van Gundy displays surprising athleticism to a group of youth basketball campers. 
TIL that every year before the All-Star game, Ichiro had a habit of delivering a hilarious profanity-laced tirade against the National League. Unfortunately, he did not make the All-star team this year.
Ben Roethlisberger Close To Completing Offseason Without Committing Sex Crime [vid]
DAE hate that sports highlights have become so brief that you no longer have an idea how a game played out and typically get just a play (or two) and a box score?
AFL for dummies, (cross post from /r/australia)
Ranger win ALCS for the 2nd year in a row and are going to the WORLD SERIES!!! WOOOOOO!!!!
BYU QB high fives the ref after converting a 2 pt. conversion.
Moses Parting the Red Sea
Sooo...Delonte West is banned from the White House
Shaun White scores a perfect score on the Snowboard Superpipe at the X Games. The first time in history.
How Tom Brady gets over the Superbowl...
I get it. Someone at ESPN made a mistake. Please stop posting about it.
Wade to LeBron.....WOW!
Giancarlo Stanton Practicing Line Drives So He Doesn't Activate That Stupid Marlin Statue Thing
The look of pure defeat.
Sentiment.
Woo Pig!
Everytime I hear Skip Bayless talk
Best soccer ad ever?
It was a terrible game, but it had one moment of awesome
I broke the Guinness World Record for most half-court shots made in a minute.
Why I Quit the Knicks
Welcome to the Penn State Football Team
Abby Waumbach getting sucker punched in the face today vs Columbia [with Video]
Oregon HS Running Back Thomas Tyner runs for 644 yds and 10 tds on his birthday, both state records
BREAKING: There are reports of a fight erupting at NFL Commissioner's office tonight.
A reserved seat at the UCLA basketball game
So this is the part when Bane comes out right?
The Miami Heat take on the Harlem Shake
ESPN analyst complains about ties in hockey, which don't exist anymore (xpost /hockey)
Bobby Knight's Reaction to the Mike Rice Situation
Tiger's chip in at 16 in 2005. This angle is amazing. Goosebumps. (Sorry about the crap quality)
Jason Collins becomes first active male in a major team sport to come out
PERFECTION!
Pat Riley's Sexual Bribes Tempt David Stern To Allow Heat Into Playoffs
The Greatest Accomplishment in the History of Sports (Dock Ellis pitches a no-hitter on acid)
Apparently, the NY Daily News was wrong. The Mets DID in fact, get Rick Rolled
Yankees unearth buried Red Sox jersey from new stadium!
Baseball at breaking point over maple bats
Meet The Man Who Felled Kimbo.  He might be a bit fruity.  (pics)
If you enjoy great or even good boxing, don’t waste your time watching the upcoming Evander Holyfield fight.
Celtics lose to Bobcats in OT, lose for 5th time in 7 games
Nuggets game 4 in jeopardy so that hillbillies can watch a BROADCAST of WWE in Pepsi Center
That was incredible. I am speechless. GO CAVS
The Most Heinous Facial Hair in Sports
A Poorly disguised Steve Nash joins a Beijing pick-up basketball game [PICS]
USC running back undergoes 7+ hours of throat surgery after a weight room accident
The Ump that 'missed' Joe Mauer's ground rule double landing fair in game 2 of the Twins-Yankee's series is a LIFE LONG YANKEE'S FAN.
Alex Rodriguez, overhyped, full of steroids, and paid $33 million, is playing at the level he should be this playoffs - Jayson Werth on the other hand is playing at the same amazing level but for only $2.5 million
Lets be honest Reddit... How many of you had forgotten that the Golden State Warriors are a professional sports team?
Unlike athletes like Tiger Woods and Michael Jordan, Allen Iverson never 'used' the media to project an image of himself as a flawless human being.
Saints' linebacker Scott Fujita fulfills pledge to give 1/4 of his Super Bowl check to Haiti &amp; 1/4 to New Orleans charities, even after Saints don't seriously try to re-sign him &amp; he leaves for Cleveland
Ty Warren (of the Patriots) decided to skip camp and a cash bonus, to stay at school and get his degree.
A valiant dunk-attempt by a girl
Sources: Ben Roethlisberger to get 4-6 game ban - ESPN
Now this is a stiff-arm.
Gold Coast signs Socceroo striker Djite
Jackksonville State 49, Ole Miss 48
Wall Street Journal reports: Obnoxious NFL pregame shows can devote upwards of 10% of airtime to nothing but contrived laughter
Stay Classy Jets 
Twas the Night Before Christmas: NFL 2010 Edition
Fuck off, ESPN, the feet of Rex Ryan's wife are not news.
Dear ESPN.com, please get rid of ESPN insider. I want to read all of your articles and look at player rankings and what not, but not badly enough to pay. Sorry Mel Kiper, but you're NFL big board isn't worth money to me.
Baseball Valentines- Now You Don't Have To Get Her Anything!
For those of you who want to get a college golf scholarship, this might be a good resource for you
VIDEO: Not the smartest thing a cheerleader has ever done...
Heat have their asses handed to them by the Cavs, a glimpse at how Lebron and Miami will CHOKE in the playoffs.
This is the worst headline in the history of journalism.
Champions League Final: Man U vs Barcelona at 2pm EDT on FOX - should be a great game
Nadal wins the French Open again against Federer.  He's still king of the clay.
After his showing in the playoffs, EVERYONE should feel inferior to this man
LuBrongo: n- the inability to perform when it matters most.
I don't like soccer.  And I've never really followed women's sports.  So God knows why I watched the Women's World Cup, USA v Brazil today.  But I witnessed something special, what a great comeback for the USA!
Yahoo Sports NBA this morning....
sometimes the image does NOT say it all
Ohio Bobcats football team gets black jerseys. Christmas ensues. 
Anyone see the Catching Hell documentary about Steve Bartman last night?
Superman that quarterback
Most Interesting Man in Dallas
I'm excited that the Texas Rangers could win their first World Series tonight! Here's how the rest of the world sees it...
Many Penn State fans still don't get it (this article should make you furious)
Sports Center this morning....TEBOW TEBOW TEBOW TEBOW. URBAN MEYER URBAN MEYER URBAN MEYER...
Reddit Kyle Orton Flow-Chart Makes It to Deadspin!
Urban Liar
Any doubt this guy will be the first priest in the Church of Tebow?
The Tim Tebow Venn Diagram 
I finally learned how to win money betting against Tim Tebow!
Box score of our most cherished game of basketball ever.
Snapple weighs in on Lebron James
Classic Will Ferrell does the introductions for Bulls vs. Hornets
Why Jeremy Lin doesn't equal Tim Tebow.
Am I the only person who rages when they see this next to a really interesting looking article on espn.com?
ESPN apologizes for 'indefensible' headline about Jeremy Lin
reddit: can we make sebastian janikowski madden 13 cover athlete?
The NFL draft in .gifs
Shrewd Umpire Not About To Be Fooled
Rowing was a stupid sport to take up...
Why ESPN... why should I care?
The keeper was warned
Denver Nuggets changed their logo immediately after the legalization of marijuana...
49ers' All-Pro linebacker Aldon Smith among Super Bowl players who would allow their sons to follow them into the sport, responds to Obama's comments questioning safety of the game: ''It's not like we signed up and thought we were going to play tennis -- it's a physical game.
RIP Caleb Moore, 25.  Passed away today after suffering injuries received during the 2013 X Games last Thursday. 
When a player scores a hatrick in hockey, and you throw your hat on the ice. Do you get the hat back?
Flopping Explained - What the Non-Soccer Watcher Doesn't Know
NHL Announces Support For Gay Rights, Pledges To Fight Homophobia With New Initiative
Jordi Alba (FC Barcelona) is a sore loser
A woman’s eye view of the men’s locker room (x-post /nhl)
Olympic Torch Run Protests ...all the respect it deserves
Dolphins sign Long, will select OT No. 1 overall
life without julio
Kobe attempts jump and dunk over large pool of snakes
Fantasy Football [Pic]
Top 10 Hottest College Gymnasts
Obama can pick a fantasy football team, turns out
LeBron James named NBA MVP!!!
I really wish Kobe would stop making this face... [Pic]
Am I the only person that likes Football (both)?
Adrian Peterson absolutely runs over William Gay [vid]
Swedish Twins. [pic]
Worst Half-Court Buzzer Beater Attempt Ever. [video]
This is what the Saints did to Brett Favre's ankle and hamstring..
The karmic wheel spins like a cut fastball, and its stuff is *filthy*.
I just watched my first Non-Playoff NHL game in a few years, Damn you Olympics!
That loud FFFFFUUUUUUUUU sound you heard just came from Minnesota
I know it's a little cutesy, but this is seriously what I love about sports.
As of right now, the Yankees are the worst team in baseball
Duke defeats Butler 61-59 to win the National Championship
Guys Night Out
Thierry Henry to join Red Bulls after World Cup
How Mariano Rivera dominates hitters - fascinating video
For all the Lebron talk, at least Knicks fans realize their biggest problem...
Hacking into @KingJames or LebronJames.com today and announcing 'The Decision' early would be the greatest pwnage ever. ESPN would erupt in disarray. Chaos would ensue.
O’s Fan Sets Record for *Streaking* - Two whole minutes ...
The man who won this contest is not a gymnast, he is a 6'6 265lb defensive lineman drafted this year by the NY Giants.
Bull climbs into bullring stands, injures 40 in Spain - ESPN
I'd like to summarize the next week of ESPN for you: Brett Favre - 4 plays, 1/1, 13 yards. Repeat.
Nyjer Morgan Charges The Mound, Nationals vs Marlins Baseball Fight! ( Video ) 
Lesbian couple kicked out of a Baltimore Ravens game
Giants Win theeeeeeee Giants Win!!!
I hate NFL overtime rules. The game should not be determined by a flip of a coin. 
Man, that's a lot of karma...
TCU Accepts Offer from Big East
Red Sox sign Crawford to 7 year 142 m deal
Remember, Ray Lewis murdered someone and got away with it.
Albert Pujols is pronounced like...
Anyone else find Aaron Rogers belt celebration awesome?
Wow! Rooney's goal vs Man City. Even as a LFC fan I have to admit this is impressive. 
If salary caps lead to parity, why does the NBA have a 46-9 team? (And a 9-46 team, incidentally.)
A-Rod To Pay 50X Less Than Going Tax Rate On $6M NYC Penthouse
To the NFL and Players Association: Both of you please just shut the fuck up and agree to a deal. We want our football, and we will be mad if we don't get it because you greedy bastards can't get this done.
ESPN analysts' picks for the FINAL FOUR vs. the actual teams to make it there. [PIC]
Presenting: BASKETBALL 2
Harmon Killebrew passes away.
Dallas &gt; Miami 
TIL - APPLE is releasing a special LeBron James iPhone.. It only vibrates though cause it doesn't have a ring.
Braylon Edwards, San Francisco 49ers agree to 1-year deal
You got knocked the fuck out!
In America they get all uppity and offended when a writer asks what if a black player was white. In Europe, we throw bananas and make monkey chants at black players and nothing happens...
So Kevin Youkilis, A noted car salesman and Biz Markie do an ad together...and it's awkwardly hilarious!
Peyton Manning travelled to Europe for controversial stem-cell therapy on his ailing neck...
How Mariano Rivera, son of a Panamanian fisherman, ascended from poverty to king of all relievers. 
Raiders had 10 men on the field for game-clinching play 
How I feel after listening to endless hype for LSU v Alabama 
Dwight Howard traded to L.A. Lakers!
When will we just change the name of 25 of the 30 teams to the Washington Generals? - Dan Gilbert
As a Colts fan, this is currently my greatest fear.
Kobe wants a fist bump
The smartest article on Lin.
ESPN tries to pretend women's basketball matters with its main article, but its picture shows most seats empty
Jeff Van Gundy's rant on flopping in the NBA from the NYK/MIA game today
The main difference between Messi and Ronaldo
Damn, Lincecum really grew out his hair.
Shawn Kemp over Scottie Pippen. 'Nuff said. 
After years of opposition, FIFA introduces goal-line technology.
On a day where none of the big four sports in North America are in action, Rogers SportsNet provides a handy guide of what fans should do today.
Melky Cabrera Cooked Up A Phony Website To Try To Beat His Suspension
Jerry Sandusky Somehow Coaching Little League World Series Team

2-1
The lack of coverage of the Paralympics by ESPN and NBC is shameful.
Proof that Manti Te'o girlfriend exists. 
Here's a pic of her at the Republican National Convention.
13 year old slayings not forgotten, Baltimore Raven Ray Lewis not forgiven
In 20 years, this kid is MVP
The Internet Wishes C.C. Sabathia A Happy Valentine's Day
The world's oldest marathon runner, 101-year-old, said he felt sad to be retiring
Seventeen-year veteran Kobe Bryant . . . What are some other facts announcers always mention about players?
Baltimore Ravens line backer, Brendon Ayanbadejo, believes that as many as 4 current pro athletes are very close to a coordinated effort to come out of the closet.
Gymnast Got Some Ridiculous Backflips! (x-post from /r/videos)
Not sure if SportsNation poll or Presidential election results...
AMAZING turn and volley goal! Walter Calderon (Deportivo Quito) v LDU Quito
The Spurs better fear their Pop tonight.
Rugby in Australia, no helmet no armor no mucking around, and he was aloud to play on
9 things the Giants Super Bowl victory guarantees
Brock Lesnar Vs Frank Mir Fight Video UFC 81
Everton sign 7-year old goalie - isn't he too young?
LeBron bombs again as Celtics take 2-0 lead - NBA- nbcsports.msnbc.com
Could this make soccer popular in the US?
The Worst Seats In Sports? [PIC]
Red Sox 4, Rays 2
The story ESPN doesn't want you to know
Florida Panthers executive hits on HOT Fox News reporter (VIDEO)
Official word from CBS is that the injury is so gruesome they don't want to show the replay.
Mark McGwire Admits to Using Steroids 
Colts beat Jets, 30-17, to advance to Super Bowl XLIV in Miami on Feb. 7
NBC. Thank you for yet again ruining an olympic event for everyone by not streaming it live. WHO THE FUCK WANTS TO READ A LIVE BLOG OF MEN'S SNOWBOARD HALFPIPE?
I wonder why there's such a good deal?
Fuck You ESPN (PIC)
Football vs. Soccer
World Cup: Netherlands beat Uruguay to cruise into final 
OOUUUUUCCCHHHHHHH!
Some are more honorable than others
How did this bitch only get a 2 game suspension?
This is what happens when you price the average Joe out of sitting in seats at Yankee Stadium during the ALCS.
Josh Cribbs on James Harrison:  ...no bad will...that's what he's supposed to do.
Derrick Rose 2-hand dunk!
How sad: Iverson, one of the most talented NBA players ever, held to 2 points in his Turkish league debut.
Fuck you ESPN. Why don't you ask LeBron James how long it would take HIM to earn OUR karma???
You know how when a starting QB is injured and can't start he stands on the sidelines, with headphones and a clipboard and mentors the backup, providing insight and support? Not Brett Favre. What a douche.
I guess I'm not sleeping for the next few weeks.
Rugby in America is on the rise
This would be the last shot in a 90's basketball movie.
You stay classy Notre Dame
the waffle iron that catapulted Nike's success has been found
Greatest ass whooping in Baseball history: Nolan Ryan vs. Robin Ventura
... because when I think Football, I think of this guy. 
Blackhawks goalie bets $5 with opposing fan on game's outcome while sitting on the bench - Turco Rules!
Oklahoma City, home of Kevin Durant [img]
This guy turns 50 today.  Holy crap.
Fuckin' Sox
Dear ESPN, Please stop stuffing soccer down our throats. Signed, America.
i imagine this is how andre miller feels about leaving portland
Los Angeles Dodgers file for bankruptcy after failed TV deal 
Hope Solo: *blocks PK* You're all clear, kid, now let's blow this thing and go home!
Michael Irvin talks for the first time about his gay brother and explains why he’s on a pro-gay mission from God.
Former Ohio State QB Pryor is banned at Ohio State.
Indians @ Red Sox (8/1).  Debatable home run is confirmed...by the stitches imprint on this woman's knee. 
Best article I've seen on why Miami won't get the Death Penalty
Report: Epstein, Cubs agree on 5-year, $15 million deal
Rangers take Game 5 of the World Series and have a 3-2 lead over the Cardinals!
This is on the NBA Players Association website.
Oregon Ducks Fans: Apparently your O gesture does not mean what you think it means (TL;DR it means vagina in sign language)
I do not enjoy female sportscasters commenting on male football/basketball/baseball.  Why is that?
Sandusky's lawyer introduces the ‘hygiene’ defense
Well, its only 4 am. 
Here Is The Griffin Dunk As A GIF
Maria Menounos loses Super Bowl bet. America wins.
My boss made the worst March Madness picks possible. 
Mark Sanchez on Tim Tebow: 'I'm not worried about losing my spot' 
Vanderbilt Completes Triple Steal
Classic Metta WorldPeace
LETS GO CELTICS!...umm... LETS GO THUNDER!!
Suck it, Goodell.  Suspensions OVERTURNED!
Goals of the week
Nate Robinson drives, literally, through a defender’s legs on his way to the score
Dunk of the year
I want to like F1 racing, but apologizing for winning a race makes it too difficult to be a fan. 
Why don't more sports loan players out to other teams like how they do in Soccer?
White Sox blow 5-run lead in 14th, recover to win in 16
Danica Patrick finally wins her first race! - Indycar.com
Honestly, it's one of those things that I hope anyone would do it for me.
Mark Madden Fired: I'm very disappointed to hear Senator Ted Kennedy is near death. I always hoped [he] would live long enough to be assassinated.
Jamaican sprinter Usain Bolt sets new 100m world record, and it's not eveb the main event he focuses on
When Pro Wrestling was Real: My 10 Most Memorable Tag Teams
I really wish ESPN.com would stop autoplaying loud videos upon arriving at their website.
Guess who was Kimbo Slice for Halloween?  (pic)
The MLB's 5 Best Losers of the Past 11 Years
The kiteloop master !“The dutch destroyer
Manchester United Shock Defeat Ends in Drama... [Pics]
Why hunting is not a sport 
Not a fan of either team, but Chicago vs. Boston is the best first round series I have ever seen
Tiger Woods to be punished
NFL has no business being in Jacksonville 
GOAAAAAAAL!!!!
The guy on the right is 6'3!!!
The Clemson Women's Rowing Team About To Become Famous For All The Wrong Reasons [PIC]
Milton Bradley takes out full page ad in Chicago Tribune inviting Cubs fans to go fuck themselves.
Colts To Rest Starters For First Game Of Playoffs | The Onion
Worst. Free throw. Ever. 
Tebow scores low on Wonderlic -- why am I not at all surprised?
Football fans: do you prefer camera angles where you can watch receivers' routes develop?
I don't know about you guys, but this year is one of the greatest NCAA tournaments I have ever seen. That's it.
The MLS season started this weekend. Did you notice?
Amazing final seconds of a Euro-basketball title game.
Why is Basketball so popular compared to Hockey?
Soccer - Why the World Cup is better than the Olympics.
2010 Celtics in NBA Live 2002 (Simulated Season)
College Football &gt; Fire
This is how we score touchdowns in the CFL
Derek Anderson loses his shit after getting caught laughing during a blowout loss.
Perfect 10s across the board!
Blake Griffin just dropped 47 points. The highest point total of the season for ANY player.
How to motivate Chicago Bulls fans to boo..
Carmelo Anthony: I'm coming home commercial
Everytime I see Durant on the bench I think of this.....
Pirates fan gets tasered, hit with a night stick and arrested at PNC Park. 
Good shit Chicago.
Thanks for not giving a shit about hockey Atlanta! Love, Canada
This little line turns 30 today, and yes I am serious
Seniors Doubles Tennis is where it's at
These just came.... can't wait!
Bill Belichick on Social Media: I don’t twitter, I don't myface, yearbook
Son of former NBA player chooses hockey, said basketball and baseball were too slow for him.
It was very generous of Fox to show the Washington Redskins' wireless password on national TV on Sunday
What football team should I root for? [Flowchart]
I don't just like this pic, I love this pic
Jay Kang and Bill Simmons Create The Oracle Basketball League to Save the NBA From Itself - Grantland
the NFL needs to stop the fucking pink shit everywhere. we get it, you support a cure for breast cancer, why not take the arguably millions you spend on the fucking pink shit and just straight donate it?
Old Grudges Lead To On-Stage Brawl Between Former CFL Players (VIDEO)
I'm glad the NBA season is coming back
Can we stop comparing Syracuse to Penn State?
Still one of the most bad ass KOs of all time.
Yu Darish is in Texas... and I already love him.
Breaking news: Coach Belichick of Patriots smiles at press conference 
Just Another Reporting Error By ESPN - USA Wore White Uni's and Abby Didn't Take A PK In Last Night's Game
I need a place to stay for the Superbowl.
Gisele throws Patriots team under the bus
Utah Has No Asians
This is my ultimate frisbee team, the Narwhals.  We don't win much but I think our logo is awesome.  What do you think?  
Rather Unique Pitching Strategies from 98 Koshien, a Japanese BaseBall Game. But be warned that some strategies might be a little NSFW
Another good one. Ted Williams making the catch at the Green Monster. 
What ESPN film would you like to see made?
Possibly the greatest dunk I have every seen.
My fantasy football league's new commish
For someone that just had surgery on his skull, Brandon McCarthy still has a great sense of humor on the whole ordeal.
Canadian Football Halftime
Idiotic fans destroy city bus celebrating Giants win
Ronaldo's face is absolutely priceless
Spent 6 hours trying to get the Australian Open stream to load, finally works and this is what they give me
What happened when boxer Curtis Woodhouse offered a £1000 reward for the identity and address of his Twitter troll
Kobe Bryant suffers Probable torn Achilles' tendon in win over Golden State. MRI to confirm injury Saturday morning.
Bulls Blow NBA Draft Lottery Win On More NBA Draft Lottery Tickets [Onion]
Man Who Used Stick To Roll Ball Into Hole In Ground Praised For His Courage [The Onion]
This Math Whiz Called It for Obama Months Ago - baseball statistician Nate Silver
Barcelona 2, Manchester United 0
United States Looses to Brazil 3-2 in the Confederations Cup Finals
I went to a street fight and a women's soccer game broke out
A petition is being circulated which asks the MLB Network to air Dock Ellis' 1970 LSD-fueled no-hitter
Matthew Stafford mic'd up.  Not a Lions fan but I thought this was some epic audio.
Fuck you espn.com. Auto-playing video with audio is a sure way to get deleted from my favorites. 
This was my cunning plan to penetrate the wall of silence surrounding the North Korean football team. First, badly injure myself.
Track &amp; Field has many reasons to be enjoyed; 
here's one. SFW unless you can't control your 
hormones.
India prepares for the Commonwealth Games [pics]
35-0 Philadelphia after 15:10 of game time.
Most hilarious touchdown celebration in era when NFL was still fun. Keep your eyes in Terrell Owens
Tom Coughlin's reaction to DeSean Jackson
FINALLY... A website dedicated to Soccer Dives, in an effort to publicly humiliate the divers.
I am a hardcore Detroit Lions fan. Who else out there is a die hard fan of a perennially bad sports team?
I know a lot of people think Sean Avery is a douche, but this is pretty fantastic.
3 of the biggest NBA flops this season... Guess which team? More in Comments
Ochocinco Tweet. Vote Ochocinco! 
Best of the Best Golf Travel World Records
How do non-Americans feel about your players coming to top American sports leagues? 
To: ESPN; Subject: RE: Little League World Series; Body: Enough Already
Ravens: 35 Steelers: 7
How Mariano Rivera Dominates Hitters - A New York Times video explaining the science behind Rivera's dominance
Patriots Nose Tackle Vince Wilfork is tied for fifth for interceptions this season.
Kevin Durant tweeted that he was bored last night so some College kids asked him to play intramural flag football with them, and he did.
ESPN Experts
	
Nickelback fans rejoice! You will see them on Thanksgiving in Detroit despite a petition with 50k signatures to change the halftime show band.
Is this ok?!
Report: Ohio State Football Team 'Banned From Postseason Play Next Year'
Coolest. Name. Ever.
Alaska loves Mark Sanchez
The 1970's...pre-X Games.
Clint Dempsey becomes 1st American to score hat trick in English Premier League
Official car of the NBA
And the gold medal for Jeremy Lin puns goes to Canada
Check out these images from the 2012 Enduropale du Touquet
Lenny Dykstra earned over $23 MILLION in his career, why was he stealing cars?
Good ol' AL Central
Durant And Harden Take Kate Upton To Work
The world needs more sports journalism like this.
He was considered the best player by many already but it wasn't until he was 27, when he finally had the teammates, did he finally win his first title. 
Nike takes Paterno's name off child care facility
Another reason to not build statues of living people l Joe Paterno's statue to remain at Penn State, sources say - ESPN
NCAA President Mark Emmert Won't Rule Out Heavy Sanctions For Penn State - I've never seen anything as egregious as this in terms of just overall conduct and behavior inside a university and hope never to see it again.


Cody Ross' 3-Run Walk-off bomb!
Doubts Surrounding Chinese swimmer Ye Shiwen a sad state of affairs; She has been found guilty of nothing, except for possessing a ridiculous amount of talent. 
Cleveland Browns sold for $1,000,000,000.00
Michael Phelps 16th gold medal swim animated in Lego
My dads country wins with a magnificent 3 pointer in the last second.
Has Mountain Dew taught people nothing? QMJHL Hockey team leaving it up to the internet to name their team.
Today is the last weekend without football (college or pro) in 2012.  Woohoo!
Stephen Strasburg shut down, effective immediately
Tornado at soccer game - /football UNBELIEVABLE

Hector Camacho, 50, Boxer Who Lived Dangerously, Dies - NYTimes.com
To the coaching staff of the Redskins
Why don't other countries like football?
Tom Brady’s age-old question
Rockies beat Padres in 22 inning game.  
The United Countries of Baseball (cool map)
MMA Double Knockout Video
Pacman Jones, poster child of everything wrong in the NFL, is reinstated into the NFL. Micheal Vick has to be smiling.
Celtics crush Lakers for NBA Title!
Top 10 Hottest Daughters of Professional Sports Athletes, Coaches and Commentators [Pics]
Who else thinks there should be a law barring ESPN from talking about Terrell Owens?
Brett Favre is Crying (PICS)
The United Countries of Baseball [PIC]
Reddit Sports: Is There Anyone Else As Tired Of Brett Farve As I Am?
Why figure skating is not a sport... Ugly people can win a sport 
Donovan McNabb now a Washington Redskin
Tiki Barber dumps pregnant wife for hot blonde
Ump Calls Yankees-Red Sox 'A disgrace to baseball'
Never, ever date a Flyers fan.
Suns tie up series against the Lakers in game 4
WOW New Zealand, WOW!
LeBron James Fathead price changed to $17.41 -- the year Benedict Arnold was born.
For having killed a man, Donte Stallworth is a respectable man himself, and took responsibility for his mistake in a way that very few professional athletes ever would.
The 2010 Hater’s Guide To The NCAAF Top 25
Nadal wins the US Open!
You will not see a quicker reversal of fortunes in football than in this play.  Guaranteed.  [vid]
Notre Dame, Navy to play game in Ireland in 2012
Steelers' fans after last week's game winning touchdown[pic]
Bills Celebrate 8th Straight Loss By Dumping Contents Of Garbage Can On Coach
Safety Fitzhugh turns down Jets to keep job as train conductor 
Giants' fans from Iowa drive 9 hours to Minneapolis, then 11 hours to Detroit, end up in front row on 40-yard line to see their first game ever.
Here is DeSean Jackson's punt return for a TD.
This is what Vikings Punter Kluwe thinks about Roger.
Kansas' Bill Self
Ochocinco: No, Fuck You
Do you think we'll ever see multi-sport athletes again?  Also, let's discuss how good some guys would hypothetically be at other sports
Jimmy Kimmel pulls off a hilarious prank on Ron Artest. You're a horrible man - Ron Artest
Jeter hits 3,000 home-run style.
Let's have a hand for Brazil's best player today
Didier Drogba knocked out cold
Pac-12 says no to expansion
And this happened
Bo Jackson being the man
Philosoraptor ponders Penn State
So my buddy is a snowboard instructor at Vail...just another student.
But....who would do such a thing??
Multiple flagrant foul no calls at high school basketball game.  Idiot Referees don't kick these turds out.
Mom, did you catch me on TV last night?
Chapter 1: Steroids. Chapter 2: Steroids...
12nd Pick?
Happy 40th Birthday. Good Luck Tonight.
An amazing compilation of soccer goals or why no one likes soccer in USA
15 Year old swimmer from Lithuania breaks European record for 100m breast swimming and advances to Olympics' finals.
US Olympic runner feels and hears leg breaking midway through race, keeps going, qualifies and advances to next round
The football gods spoiled us today
Mike and Mike's take on Gangnam Style
This is how I picture every Defensive Back in the NFL these days... quit launching yourself head first and learn how to friggin tackle like a big boy and maybe you won't get 15 yard penalties every play
Neil deGrasse Tyson on IOC's decision to drop wrestling from 2020 Olympics...
Father of the year 51 years in a row
The Biggest NBA News this week that you Didn't Read
The 10 Best Soccer/Football Goal Videos, Ever
Co-Ed Wii Tennis can be exciting
Boston Red Sox come from 7 down in the 7th inning with 2 outs to score 8 runs and win.
Philadelphia Eagles trophy case [pic]
Jack Nicholson enjoying new center court seats [pic]
A college softball coach did one of the pettiest, least sportsman-like things I've ever heard of in order to (illegitimately) win a game
Stupid: The average member of the MLB All Star Teams makes *less* than the average New York Yankee.
Fan catches foul ball. Unimpressive. Fan catches foul ball while holding a baby. WIN. Fan catches foul ball while holding a baby that is holding a gigantic soda. EPIC WIN.
Mark Sanchez donates 1,000 hot dogs &amp; hamburgers to a NJ soup kitchen after getting caught eating a wiener on the sidelines during a game
Magic Johnson and some (potential) poisonous flowers in 1985 [PIC]
Ryan Miller's strong and weak side
Monster dunk ends game
Donovan McNabb: 'I'd Like To Thank The Ungrateful, Over-Expecting,Oftentimes-Racist Fans Of Philadelphia' [Onion]
Flyers complete epic comeback against Bruins, 4-3 (4-3 Series)
Lee Corso is a Penis
Great 'gone fishing' soccer goal celebration
Why are baseball writers, coaches and players so afraid to admit that the rise in pitching and decline in hitting and homeruns is due to the crack down on steroids?  They hid behind the it goes in cycles argument when the steroid era was in full swing and now their doing it again.
Joe Paterno says get rid of face masks
Hey I'm Mark Sanchez I just beat the Browns I talk with my hands n I wear raccoon hats!
Dear NFL fans,
DAE Love the ESPN 30 for 30 Films?
Craigslist:  LOOKING FOR A BIG MOUTH COACH (NY OR NJ)
Full Box
Ray Rice hides out in Mexico
Dirk's Got Game
+1 to the Texas Rangers
Klinsmann names roster for upcoming friendly against Mexico
HE ACTUALLY FUCKING DID IT! Ron Artest changes his name to Metta World Peace.
So Mayweather gets a headbutt to the face and nobody hates on Ortiz, but Mayweather cheap shots him in retaliation so lets whine? Seriously r/sports?
10,000 penn state students have a vigil for the victims.
Boycott The BCS National Championship Game
We're forgetting about the poor Astros...
FUCK! I think 4chan might be onto something about Tebow's playoff win! [PANIC]
Crossover of the year
Jeremy Lin (New York Knicks) drill 38 points against Kobe at MSG.
Good Guy Jeremy Lin &amp; Scumbag ESPN
You stay classy ESPN
Ilya Bryzgalov is a genius. Neil DeGrasse Tyson would be proud.
Referees just gave Syracuse Orange the win over UNC-Ashville
The Onion: Broncos Calling Teams To See If They Need Anyone Who Can't Play Quarterback
The single greatest sporting moment ever
Most bizarre triple play. EVER.
Something the big guy gave me a few years back. RIP Junior, I know that I won't be forgetting you anytime soon.
Packer fan in Upstate NY
Is this 12 year old too big for pee-wee football?
Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong drops fight against US Anti-Doping Agency drug charges
In 1999 a man beat both Williams sisters in one afternoon 
After the controversy on Monday night, the NFL has announced some rules changes! (X-Post from /r/calvinandhobbes/)
The Baltimore Orioles are in the playoffs for the first time in 15 years. They play the Yankees tonight. As a lifelong Baltimorean and Orioles fan, this is how I feel.
Pablo Sandoval has 3 home runs in game one of the World Series
San Francisco Giants win World Series!
Realized this after reading about the Yomiuri Giants winning the championship
No New Members in Baseball Hall of Fame
Sorry guys. 
DeAndre Jordan with an absolutely thunderous alley-oop.
Great story about the Tigers' Max Scherzer and his 25 year-old brother who killed himself last season. Don't read in public if you don't want to be seen crying (X-Post /r/mlb)
Kevin Love- Black, white, &amp; blue.
The parents of Laura D'Asaro have long accepted that they do not have a typical teenage daughter
BREAKING: Tiger done for year ... After struggling with knee injury at U.S. Open, Woods to have ACL surgery
Cheater.
Now *this* is why I love soccer
Los Angeles Lakers win the NBA Championship in Orlando
Favre officially vilified in Green Bay 
Joe Mauer Tips Pitches in Twins-Tigers Game
Charlie Weis Fired by Notre Dame (Finally)
Most... embarrassing... play... EVER. Nyjer Morgan's temper tantrum results in an Adam Jones inside-the-park home run.
Landon Donovan SportsCenter commercial
White Sox manager Ozzie Guillen's autographed message to a Cleveland Indians fan
Strasburg as nasty as advertised: K's 14, walks none in debut.
Shit's getting real... Texas Hold 'Em: Longhorns, A&amp;M To Big Ten
I thought I knew him from somewhere...
Rank tournament outsiders New Zealand pulled off one of the biggest World Cup shocks in recent memory by holding defending champions Italy to a historic draw in Nelspruit.
Meanwhile, in Boston.....
Wow, Brandon Morrow...9 IP, 1 H, 17 K
Tim McCarver and Joe Buck are terrible announcers.
This is why I love PTI. 
Hey guys, look who I ran into today.
Josh Groban just punched Michigan football in the face on his twitter account.
Derek Rose does his best Blake Griffin impersonation
Do Americans hate soccer as much as the internet leads me to believe?
Just two guys watching a game.
Kobe. 
5 Highest Grossing NBA Players
German Newspaper Credits Dirk,First White MVP Since Larry Bird, With Defeating Ghetto Basketball
Vikings Punter Chris Kluwe hands over the #5 jersey to Donovan McNabb in hilarious fashion
Awwww poor baby
This is what a Pirates fan's thoughts are while watching Moneyball
Thanks to this guy, 43-119 feels like forever ago.
Anybody else find these two incredibly annoying?
Michigan State wins on Hail Mary!
NHL's Critics Find No Evidence That Penalty Box Reforms Players
Joe Paterno has lung cancer
I know it's just Disney plugging their own movie on their own network, but this has been the only redeeming thing on ESPN lately for me
NBA Players Who Sought An Extra Paycheck In China During The NBA Strike May Now Be Trapped There.
How Houston Texan fans feel about Tebow
Cricket + Segway = Fail
Caught this gem at tonight's Sixers game.
Conan Staffer goes to the Superbowl just to watch Madonna at halftime... hilarious
Yes this is Steve Urkle driving past Reggie Miller and the Fresh Prince on his way to the hoop
Yo Anthony Davis, WTF?? Do you get your unibrow arched? 
If you want to learn the rules of Rugby apparently this video goes into it.  I didn't catch a thing but YMMV. [nsfw]
Martin Kaymer skips one off the water for a hole-in-one in Masters practice round 
The Refs definitely didn't see the Torres hit on Hossa......
Metta World Peace really showin his new found peacefulness
This girl puts me on track to have my faith in humanity restored
An angry David Stern accused Jim Rome of beating his wife after Rome asked if the NBA lottery is fixed (audio)
Anyone know the backstory on the picture? Who the guy is in the frame?
Dear Co-Workers....
Jose Canseco on Bartolo Colon
NBA announces flopping penalties
Maybe the best thing ESPN has ever done...
Cashman: A-Rod Could Miss Entire Season
2014 world cup qualifying game being played in Colorado in the snow.
New York Post - Stay Classy my Friends
How in the world did this guy win 347 games?
 College Junior Enters NBA Draft. The Catch: He Has No Basketball Playing Experience
We are all witnesses 
The worst act of cheating in the history of sport
My girlfriend is running the NYC Marathon in two weeks.  She is not running for charity.  There are no orphans involved.  She is running to beat other people.  Drop her a line cheering her on!
Brett Favre wired during a Lion's game.  I want to have a beer with this man.
Reddit's favorite NBA mascot loses control
fantasy baseball (fml)
Who else is completely absorbed by N. Korea and Brazil right now?
USA DOES IT...ADVANCES!!!!!!!!!
France's Thierry Henry leaves Barcelona to join New York Red Bulls
If you think A-Rod should be allowed in the hall of fame then so should Barry Bonds, Roger Clemens, Mark McGwire and any other person who used PEDs during their career. 
I love the Oregon Duck ESPN commercial
Wayne Rooney signs new 5 year deal with ManU in astonishing U-turn
In light of all the homerism and hate on display here lately, I think we should all buy this Onion t-shirt
The one baseball player GUARANTEED to win a World Series ring this year
Canada’s Love Of Hockey
The Road To College Football's BCS
Auburn defeats Oregon to win the BCS NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIP GAME.
In Brady's 11 years in the NFL, this is the first time anybody has so openly criticized his on-field behavior.  Strong words from Jets cornerback Cromartie
The Dirty Sanchez gif
Worst halftime show ever?
TIL that Cheryl Miller, Reggie Miller's sister, once scored 105 points in a high school game. I don't care that it's high school, I don't care that it's women's basketball. Scoring over 100 points is impressive.
I've been poppin Viagra like they're tictacs - Charles Barkley
Manny Ramirez retires from MLB.
Of all the sports subreddits, this is by far the funniest...
Dear, NFL Draft/ESPN. It's really annoying when you show the player on the phone BEFORE the pick comes in. I want to be surprised with the announcement, damnit!
LeBron hate taken to another level: Governor of Ohio declares Dallas Mavericks Honorary Ohioans
Really ESPN, this is the Highlight of The Night?
Bears refuse to bend to new kickoff rule, told by league to stop mid-game - Shutdown Corner - NFL Blog - Yahoo! Sports
Insane Moron Draws Conclusion From NFL Preseason Game
Is Detroit for real? I posted this during the preseason and was ridiculed and downvoted...they look pretty sharp.
Phil Mickelson is the man. Crazy golf shot!
Thanks to this guy, Super Bowl Champions feels like forever ago...oh wait it was
This is my favorite goal celebration.
Dan Gilbert's Email to David Stern
UFC Fighter Fired for Tweeting Joke from “It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia”
Unranked Indiana beats Number #1 Kentucky 73-72 on a last second three at the buzzer!!!
This is why I love sports
The Miami Heat look Fucking scary
Interesting spread on National Signing Day opinions.
Carmelo Who? 
Goals of the week
Tim Tebow tells friends he’s not surprised he lost his job to Peyton Manning, hopes to play in Florida
Is this ESPN's April Fools?
Detroit Tigers beat Texas Rangers despite getting only three hits
I still love you Albert, but I laughed at this
X Games Rally Car Misses the Ramp. Talk about deceleration.
Jordan Jefferson, former LSU Tigers quarterback, in jail after latest arrest  
It's official; Alvarez to coach the Badgers in the Rose Bowl
Michael Vick's book-signing tour has been canceled because of threats against him for running a dogfighting ring.
Borussia Dortmund score two goals in the 91st and 93rd minute after going down 2-1 in the 81st. What a great comeback!
When the 21st century arrives and the NFL teams in Super Bowl XXXIV have women quarterbacks launching 135-yard touchdown passes with their power-assisted arms Sports Illustrated - 1979
Arizona State Cheerleaders Racy Photos Scandal
Acupuncture’s Evil Twin: The Dim Mak Death Touch
Stephen Colbert is on the cover of SI wearing a speed skating uniform (pic)
Wow, Just Wow: Redskins Run What May Be The Worst Fake Field Goal Attempt In Football History [video]
How does a team spend 1.5 billion dollars on a new ballpark and install seats where you can't even see third base? (An awful view from the new Yankee Stadium) 
1. Why didn't I think of this. 2. tell me this wouldn't sell like hot cakes during football season!
Kobe's reaction to Chris Rock harassing him
Google shoots..... [pic]
Most Stupid Goal Celebration - yes, that's the title of this YouTube submission
LeBron James, Akron Hates You.
Kapow! [PIC]
Eli Manning gets his clock cleaned tonight - walks off the field with a 3 inch gash over his left eye
If you live in Canada, the miners have taken a media backseat this week...
Whoa! They have COLLEGE teams in the BCS now?!
19 Hot Pics that Brett Favre is gonna love (allegedly..bit NSFW)
Guy gets tattoo of a penis wearing a Giants helmet after losing a bet (NSFW)
As a Rays fan I've never been more disgusted 
Chicago Tribune prints story about Rex Ryan's foot fetish... in the shape of a foot
WTF the Lions have won 3 in a row!!! 1st time since 2007!!!!
Idaho St. Free Throw
Weezy - Green and Yellow (Possibly one of the best remakes I have heard in quite some time) Glad Weezy rocks the green and yellow!
Greatest trick shot video ever!
Best Defensive Play I've Seen in Baseball This Year [vid]
I have come to collect my karma (repost from 14 days ago)
This is how Dirk treats kids when the cameras are hidden...
Ouch Netflix, I didn't realize you were a Seminoles fan.
Yankees better off without Jeter?
Bears LB Lance Briggs to wear Red/White/Blue attire, expects to be fined. 
Southern Miss runs a fake punt from their own endzone vs Virginia - Play of the week!
Jay Z announces new name of New Jersey Nets when they move to Brooklyn
As a Chicagoan for 20 years, I'd say NOT IN MY LIFETIME
The Buffalo Bills destroyed Tim Tebow &amp; The Broncos today.  Four Interceptions, Two Sacks, and Not a single Knee Down by Tim Tebow acknowledging some guy in the sky.  My kind of football game!
A true status symbol... for only 4 easy payments of $49.99.
Carolina Panthers unveil new logo. What's your thoughts about it?
Lance Armstrong is free from all doping charges
Hines Ward (half-Korean) headline on ESPN
Awkward moments like this I think defines a teams chemistry
Shannon Eastin - First Female Ref in the NFL
Sportscenter through the ages. 1979 to today.
Matt Cain picks off mid-air objects with his fastball
hmm... Ray Lewis likely used a banned substance before AFC Championship game... 
Cricket: the entire New Zealand team surrounds England's last batsman in the hopes of getting him out 
Uefa proposes 10-match ban for racist abuse
Textbook play Texas @ Seattle - Is he mad? You be the judge.
Whatever happened to Sid Finch? In 1985, the 168 mph, Harvard educated, Tibetan Buddhist pitcher for the NY Mets surfaced as an unhittable phenom
Top 10 NBA playoff upsets 
Baseball team salary vs. performance, updated daily with cool historical data.
Phillies win World Series
A terribly stupid play ends the football game
One photo sums up the St. Louis Rams' season...
Texas Tech coach Mike Leach blames his players' fat little girlfriends for loss.  
I was saving this gif from Game 1 for when the Yankees lost the Series. Even though they still won, I'm posting this anyway.
I hate the Yankees, but I have to admit that Joe Girardi made a pretty classy play after the series win.
Tiger Woods Cornered -- Turns Cops Away | His wife likely beat him over an affair.  This could get ugly.
Breaking News -- Owners approve new OT rules (NFL)
Supreme Court: NFL is 32 teams, not one entity
ARTEST FOR THE WIN! Lakers lead series 3-2. 
Awesomeness: How the ‘First Down’ Yellow Line Works
Who else hates the 2-3-2 format for 7 game series?
Tim Tebow gets a haircut at Broncos camp
Rookie Ndamukong Suh Records Lions First-Ever Tackle
I like how the Eagles kick returners are...
Sex line listed on Chad Ochocinco's cearal
Howie Long completely thrashes the idea of an 18 game NFL season 
Now that's some bad ad placement!
Ron Artest - good for you.
Just noticed this during the Duke/FSU game
Goldwater sues City of Glendale in effort to kill Phoenix Coyotes deal.
NFL Delays Super Bowl To Give Doritos Time To Finish Its Commercial 
Is it time to start a 9-73 watch for the Cavaliers?
Dwyane Wade Full Court Alley-Oop Pass to Lebron James (Amazing Video from 2/15/2011)
NFL owners treating taxpayer built stadiums as privately owned property
A day in the life of a Mizzou fan
“the average life expectancy for all pro football players, including all positions and backgrounds, is 55 years, several insurance carriers say it is 51 years.”
Worst base running ever [gif]
For anyone willing to compare the Bulls' franchise successes...
We all wish.
Boshtrich
The second video shows UFC fighter Cheick Kongo pretty much come back from the dead to defeat his opponent. 
Hope Solo is ridiculously hot.
Damn, thats just ruff, too bad its true
The 30-Foot Jump
There is dumb and then there is DUMB
Did I just see that, CBS?
Combined, the richest college football programs make more than a billion yet pay their athletes almost nothing (infographic)
PTI talks about the yearbook picture I uploaded yesterday. 
Kobe Bryant injured his wrist 2 days after his divorce
The Simpsons beat Tebow
Good Guy Lin
What my investment portfolio looked like in the 80's
Scumbag LeBron still cries
Norfolk State as a 15 seed knocks off 2 seed Missouri!
I would always rather play as Rodney Mullen than create a character in Tony Hawk games.
Jesus! (x-post from r/squaredcircle)
Blue Jays going all in this season! Melky Cabrera signed
Amazing end to a high school basketball game.  And amazing video by amateur recorder! [vid]
Baseball Ettiquette
Mafikeng's Intriguing Diamond Stadium
Ana Ivanovic NEW Bikini Pics!!!
Dear NBA, who have you instructed your refs to make the winner tonight, Nuggets or Lakers?
Epic Fail: Red Sox blow 9 run lead, lose to Orioles 11-10
Am I the only one who is sick and tired of the poor play-by-play commentary by Joe Buck and Tim McCarver on Fox? Most of the time I resort to muting the sound. 
Think Belichick is an idiot for going for it on 4th an 2? Maybe. But read about this coach who NEVER punts.
Best Tim Tebow Shirt Ever
[PIC] Sign in El Arroyo Austin, TX this morning.
Are you ready for some replays? 
There's 11 minutes of actual football shown in NFL football games. 
Spurs Killer [pic]
Not excited about the world cup?
ESPN’s 2010 FIFA World Cup Posters are nothing but awesome
Awesome World Cup Schedule
Bud Selig won't reverse blown call in Galarraga's perfect game
US draws England 1-1! Not quite the result England wanted.
First off I wanna thank everyone in my hood. Ron Artest, ladies and gentleman. 
Sports legends bothered by interviewer at golf tournament. Charles Barkley, was Space Jam real?
If Jordan was a pussy too
How many ESPN analysts does it take to predict a baseball series correctly?  Still counting...
I love the Derp-fest picture on ESPN right now.
Donald Driver shows us the definition of resilient.
This is the closest Bob Costas has ever been to a woman. [image]
Hilarious Eli Manning press conference after choke job against the Eagles!
What I walked in to find on my desk this morning - I live in LA
As a Washington Wizards fan, I rarely get to post highlights of my team.  Last night's 360 lay-up by Nick Young, though, is the best play I've seen the Wizards perform in years. [vid]
Is reddit a fan of Kevin Durant? This kid is a remarkably likeable young talent.
BREAKING: Twins' Liriano throws a no-no!! But first, the Yankees and the Red Sox highlights! THIS IS SPORTSCENTER
The Dallas Mavericks have defeated the defending champion Los Angeles Lakers in 3½ games
  Has there ever been a time in professional baseball where a manager has left the dugout to argue a call, and got the call reversed in their favor?
I've got a feeling my team is going to get screwed on this call.
Wait ... In MLB, a team can actually trade their MANAGER??  Am I reading this right?
First round pick goalie Blackhawks
On the Penn State website in 2009.  Jesus friggen Christ
This is how Patriots/Ravens ended
When Muhammad Ali Met Elvis Presley for the First Time
Mark Cuban Isn't Happy
Earl Boykins at Eastern Michigan
Piers Morgan has massive butthurt meltdown on twitter over RVP  leaving his club Arsenal
David Beckham: Still Scoring Masterful Goals, Still Showing Up Stuart Pearce
Michael Johnson: Slavery was a kind of un-natural selection, a sped up evolution, a mass murder of the weakest, leaving only the fittest to survive and pass on their genes to the next generations. Johnson explores why the descendants of African slaves have become a dominating force in athletics
In response to the Rangers losing today.... (X-Post from r/Dallas)
Took my 9 year old son to hockey yesterday and this guy was on the ice before him:
Stuart Scott's cancer has returned, but he remains very optimistic. One of my favorite sports reporters. 
Harvard wins first ever NCAA Tourney game in upset of New Mexico
The 50 Hottest Women of Tennis
Tito Ortiz talks about Why he is back to the UFC
DRUNK WOMEN AT DETROIT LIONS GAME ENTERTAIN THE FANS
Chicago eliminated in first round of voting for 2016 Olympic bids...
Ever argued over what sport you think is toughest/hardest? Well, ESPN has gone and ranked them ...
Remember when Mike Gundy defended his QB, yelling I'm a man! I'm 40!?  That QB says that rant basically ended my life.
Butler knocks off #1 Syracuse, 63-59!
8th seed Canadiens complete comeback from a 3-1 deficit against 1st seed Capitals
Why umpire Joe West is the worst in all of baseball.
Does anyone else feel like Charles Barkley continues to get more awesome as time goes on?
Anyone watching the Boise-VT game?
Dallas tears taste so good...like happiness.
High school kid turns a fumble into a highlight.
Aroldis Chapman threw the fastest pitch in recorded baseball history on Friday night: 105 mph.  I saw it and  snagged this pic!
NFL.com finds a way to combine the charisma of Roethlisberger and the likability of LeBron James in one headline
I've been seeing this a lot this year.
No. 11 VCU tops No. 1 Kansas!
My brother is a big Bucs fan. Think he'll like?
Best NBA ejection ever...WHACK you're out!
Not only is Peyton Hillis in the Final Four of the Madden 12 cover bracket, but he is beating Aaron Rodgers right now! We must help accomplish this big upset!
Kobe Bryant Huge dunk on Okafor 
Best part of the NBA playoffs on TNT...besides Chuck
James Harden Is A Muppet
Crazy minor league double play. 3-2-6-1-5-3-4-6-8.
A great article by ESPN.com: Marta, Brazil take a turn to the dark side.
Just some thoughts on how hot Alex Morgan is.
Crazy play at the plate by Detroit's Victor Martinez
How do Rangers fans feel right now?
[Reminder] The UFC will make its network debut tonight on FOX. 
IMO: No one except for LSU and BAMA fans want to see a rematch in the BCS Championship. 
A group of Philadelphia Flyer fans violently beat a Rangers fan and his son in front of cheesesteak joint after loss in the winter classic (The Rangers fan is a NJ police officer and former Marine who earned a purple heart)....Good job philly fans
Continuing the trend of Minnesota professional sports...
MLS 2012 Preview: 7, 8, or 9 years ago, it would have been impossible to conceive that you'd have 40,000+ people, on a weeknight, going absolutely nuts for 2 MLS teams.
Whether You've Ever Been Or Not, Seattle's Safeco Field Is Damn Beautiful
Members of the Oklahoma City Thunder watching Game 7 last night.
Barkley: Only Kobe, LeBron And KD Would Even Make The 1992 Dream Team
Scab Ref Tells LeSean McCoy: I Need You For My Fantasy Team
Tony Siragusa says he never wanted to hurt anyone. Tony Siragusa is a liar. - Slate Magazine
Dude, what happened to Andrew Bynum?
Video of Colts Coach Pagano talking to team in the locker room after their win against the Dolphins. First time he spoke to them since Leukemia diagnosis
For the love of Christ, force him left!!!!!!!
TIL there is such a thing as the one-point conversion safety in college football...the only possible way an American football team could finish a game with a single point
As we celebrate Ray Lewis, Don't Forget Murder Victims
come closer...
Girl named 'Alexa Rodriguez' attacked by hawk at Fenway
How To Snag a Souvenir Baseball | The Art of Manliness
Girl wins state team high school track title by herself
If Manny was juicing in Boston, are Red Sox championships tainted?
Brett Favre To Sign With Vikings Today
So how many of you /r/sports subscribers are as exited about opening day as I am?
What a fucking GOOOAAAL in Stoppage Time, go USA USA USA!
The best thing about world cup finals are the animated gifs the day after
As a Redskins fan, I think I am allowed to make pictures like this of Albert Haynesworth [PIC]
Polamalu takes down Collins before he even has a chance to move.
Confirmed: Yankees Re-Sign Popular Mascot Derek Jeter
Anybody want the Steelers to win just to stop hearing J E T S JETS JETS JETS all the time?
We're Coming. No Pity. MLS 2011
You sure about that, ESPN?
Playoff time for the Pats
Georgia's new uniforms look awfully familiar
Stop it Falcons fans, this is the worst idea since Rise Up
With the NBA locked out, I have decided to switch to hockey and the NHL. This is my attempt at a humorous blog about it. Think a poor man's Grantland. What the Hell is Icing?
Tiger wins first tourney in 2 years!
Chris Paul to the Lakers in 3-team trade, Lakers give up Gasol to Rockets, Odom to Hornets
Just returned from the future. **Spoiler Alert**
Amazing catch assist in New Zealand cricket game
As a Duke fan... This is one of my favorite photos ever.
Video of Canadian ski cross racer Nik Zoricic's 'freak' finish-line crash. RIP.
My March Madness Setup
Maryland Football's Black Field Rumors May Have Terrifying, Nightmarish Legs
How'd You Do It?
Smallest Player on the Court
Joe Flacco, NFL starting quarterback
I love Portland.
Accurate depiction of the Florida Gators right now
Closing Pitchers of Reddit, if you made it to the show, what would your entrance music be?
Jordan V LeBron - It's all in the shoes.
San Francisco Giants Band Together To Score Run
Shawne Merriman arrested for doing what millions have wanted to do for a long time.
The World Series taught me this: it's time for the NL and AL to adopt the same rules; DH can either stay or go, but for the fairness of the sport, something must be done
Tiger Woods Announces Return To Sex
I'm hoping with the very fiber of my being for OKC to upset LA in the NBA playoffs.
Lakers crush Celtics, force a Game 7
Brock Lesnar still world's most dangerous human after comeback win
Michigan high school football team practices at night from 11PM to 4AM during Ramadan
Even for a Cardinals fan, this is tough to see
Giants win the NL West!
DEA feel that there should be an option to mute commentators of any sport to just listen to the crowd? 
Lions got fucked.
Wow.  As a Knicks fan, I don't think I've enjoyed a basketball game this much in 15 years.
He's baaaaaack: Tiger Woods just hit eagle and is one shot off the lead with 10 holes to go at the Masters
I'm not sure what's better: the block/foul, or the reaction. 
BOSTON WINS THE STANLEY CUP !!!
Give me a reason to like bowling. Details inside..
After week 3 the Bills are in 1st place in the AFC East.
Most ridiculous pick-6 I have ever seen
Every year I play fantasy football, without fail.
Wagner wins on insane buzzer beater
On Wisconsin, the only majority anti-tebow state
For all of your Knicks fans out there. 
One shot to sum up the Wizards season
A guy behind home at Wrigley Field makes BJ pantomimes on television before getting thrown out by security.
The Giants are doing REALLY well over their last four games
Kobe makes a $5,000 bet with Gerald Wallace on a free throw.
Trampoline Wall.
Best Table Tennis Shots of 2012 (XMAS Edition)
Blake Griffin has the best dunk highlight real, this might be at the top. 
Kevin Ware Louisville breaks his leg (gross)
Interested in watching a new sport? Australia's biggest sporting series starts this week (Wednesday night, Australia time.) Here are some highlights to last year's series for your viewing pleasure. [X-post from /r/NRL]
New York Mets refusing to be rick rolled
I've Never Been a Big Fan of Soccer but Suddenly I am Starting to Come Around
Will Manny Ramirez Assert Small Balls Defense?
Northern Iowa takes down #1 seed Kansas in second round of NCAA tournament 67-64
Things You Must Do During The World Cup
who else remembers this priceless picture?
Apparently the Arizona Cardinals staged a violent coup and have become emperor of the NFL.
More impressive than last year's dunk contest
I...um...I guess some textbook writer has reason to hate Latrell Sprewell?
Why in the world did ESPN ask about Jim Harbaugh's future on stage in front of everyone? That is pretty ridiculous. 
The Laker front office after their latest loss...
The NBA all-star game's halftime show was better than the superbowl halftime show.
The original Big 3, first year together.
A high school football coach who always onside kicks and never punts? GREAT SUCCESS.
Hank Williams Jr. to ESPN: You can't fire me! I quit!
Playing it straight - Gus Johnston, champion hockey goalkeeper comes out as a gay man.
Scumbag Mark Sanchez
Best article ever on Penn State situation
Denard Robinson's first world solution
Don't have a favorite baseball player?  Here's one to consider.
Tebow 3:16
Why was Jim fired?
Thank you Jeremy Lin
Almost shed a man tear
Soccer player red carded for diving ... as he's carted off with a concussion and three displaced vertebrae
Magic Johnson - New owner of LA Dodgers
Amare stoudemire looks like he had part of a baseball sewn to his hand
I feel bad for anyone not a soccer (sorry, American here) fan today. Craziest thing I've ever witnessed.
With all the talk about Manchester City's epic late game season winning, lets not forget that this team just won their league...UNDEFEATED!
Not Charles Barkley with another witty tweet 
Chicago Cubs ownership funding aggressive and extremely petty smear campaign against Obama for 2012 election. 
Every MMA fan right now
If I had to choose a player to take a﻿ shot to﻿ save a game I'd choose Michael Jordan; If I had to choose a player to﻿ take a shot﻿ to save﻿ my life...I'd take Larry Bird. - Pat Riley
Understanding College Sports:  1. Everything about big-time college sports is driven by the huge amount of money it makes 2. The way they make so much is to maintain the illusion of amateurism (because it gets them tax-exempt profit and near free labor)
Hey guys did you hear about the refs?
Chris Cooley tries to negotiate beer into his contract
Baltimore Colts RB Tom Matte is doing an AMA (played in Super Bowl III)
Josh Hamilton has agreed to deal with Angels - ESPN Los Angeles
Basque athlete refuses to win a race by taking advantage of an opponents mistake
Hottest table tennis player of all time?
Charles Barkley Owes a $400,000 Gambling Debt
Oregon running back thows a cheap shot.  This is straight up assault.
This is America: Guy loses bet, Saints fans come over and shoot up his TV (VIDEO)
Roy Halladay Throws MLB's 2nd Perfect Game of 2010 Season.
Magic Johnson on Lebron: Beat Your Rivals, Don't Join Them
Following Marshawn Lynch's playoff-clinching run, Seattle's 12th man got so loud they caused a very minor earthquake.
This guy got fired. He is a super nice guy. Just got caught up in the moment.
Don't fuck with the mormons...literally.. BYU player expelled from school for having sex with his girlfriend
Some Heat players are crying in the locker room right  now. 
This is the most random t-shirt I could find at the local Salvation Army. It had a $1.00 sticker but they had it on sale for 50 cents.
Polish gymnast tumbles like a boss.
Blackhawks rally to force game 7 after losing first 3 games against Canucks.
Holy shit Winnipeg! 13,000 season ticket goal reached in 26 minutes of public availability. 
Am I the only NBA Finals viewer that doesn't believe that the loser of this series choked? Is there anyone watching who simply believes that two incredibly talented teams are playing a very exciting series?
Best goal celebration I've seen in a while
U.S. beats Australia 61-0 in (gridiron) football. At what point can we start making fun of other countries for sucking at the sport?
Check this crazy shit out, illegal use of fans in arena football game!
First-time ever eye-level video in a Formula 1 racecar
Mavs Championship Ring. Simple yet Beautiful
This is the couch Jeremy Lin slept on at Landry Fields' house. I want Iman Shumpert to dunk over it in the dunk contest.
I say, let her play
Bruins fans knock glass loose and hit David Krejci in the head
Metta World Peace elbows James Harden to the head and gets ejected. Ouch...
This is officially the coolest thing today: LA Kings deliver tickets to Rainn Wilson...in jello.
So that's where the marlins got their new Unis from 
Bob Costas Goes Full Hobbit. 
Lebron James tweets he wants to star in Space Jam 2
Funny Fantasy Football Names... 
If any of these allegations are true, Billy Gillespie is pretty much one of the worst villains in the history of college sports.
Pats to honor Newtown victims
After seeing A.J. McCarron's girlfriend...
Well thanks a lot Georgetown.
Double Play!
Teen who punched referee charged with homicide by assault (x-post from r/football)
Anyone here play ESPN Streak For The Cash? Is there a subreddit yet or any interest for one?
Reds offer a truck to a lucky fan if truck gets hit with a home run. The catch? It's impossible to hit.
What it's like to be a vendor at Fenway Park
NFL's steriod dealing snitch found dead
Impressive horn, Brett [PIC]
France cheat their way into the World Cup. Ireland robbed by Thierry Henry's Hand of God. [Video]
Tiger's X-rated texts to porn star Joslyn James - this shit is hot! [NSFW language]
No need to guard Steve Nash, he's only a 2-TIME MVP
Who else wishes NFL coaches would go back to wearing suits on game day?
The Patriots' Experience In The Playoffs This Year
Yes, that is his REAL name...
WTF ESPN?
I'm a disappointed Bulls fan.  I came home to find someone had messed with my facebook.   I almost tossed my laptop at the wall. 
Who will win? NBA Finals Poll: Upvote if you think Dallas will win and Downvote if you think Miami will.
Obscure, sure, but the best sports team commercial I've seen in awhile.
The Jazz gave Enes Kanter this sheet for his interviews
NBA PG Nate Robinson Invited to Seattle Seahawks Training Camp
DAE miss this at the end of Sportscenter?
Chris Johnson, Tennessee Titans agree to $53M deal, source says - ESPN
Rugby: A game for all shapes and sizes
Peyton Manning officially dunzo for the season
Normal people don't live through this, but the World Series MVP is not a normal person.
I am not a big NBA fan, but this may be the best sports picture ever
If Tebow was a devout Muslim, prayed to the east after each TD and praised Allah in postgame interviews I imagine this Tebow mania would be mania for different reasons. 
The Ray Lewis Love fest needs to stop until answers are found about the murders of Richard Lollar and Shorty Baker. Who's blood was INSIDE Lewis's limo in 2000.
ESPN fires writer of offensive headline about Lin
I get really mad when ESPN analysts say this
Oregon 5A Girls Basketball State Championship ends with an all time low score of 16-7 due to ridiculous stalling tactics 
Lets get a Girls of Euro 2012 thread started
I turn 40 today. My wife got me a fantastic gift, and I just wanted to share my story. 
In case anyone doubted Peyton Manning was a class act...
I'd rather do two-a-days than do what Phelps does 
High school basketball player passes to mentally challenged player on other team, so he can score his first basket.
Sorry if this is the wrong place, but just trying to get this some exposure. Double overtime, three point shot for District Championship. (High school)
Giants win Supebowl
Vote whether or not you're sitting on your computer UP-voting all the superbowl Win stories becuase of the Pats epic failure
Blogger wrestles an Ultimate Fighter...guess what happens
ESPN Completely Misses Brett Favre Vs. Green Bay Packers Storyline
NFL is Lame, Ochocinco fined 20k for obviously fake bribe attempt. 
Who else is tired of geriatrics doing the Superbowl halftime shows?
Keys To Successful Sports Betting (infographic)
Guy buys a $500 beater off Craigslist, enters a pro rally race w/ no crew, comes in 3rd in his class
How can FIFA say that video technology is too expensive, when they - a NON PROFIT Organisation - are set to make in excess of $3-billion from the World Cup?
Shaq: For the last seven years, I’ve been a detective for Internet crimes against children......My job is to be a little girl.
Former NFL running back Glen Coffee who retired at 23 to follow God's call was arrested last night for carrying a concealed automatic pistol that was cocked.
Xbox Live. ESPN3. Fuck yeah.
Problem, Brett? [pic] [I love being a Packers fan]
Lethal Skiing: Slopes People Should Never Ski Down, But Do (Infographic)
Pennsylvania Governor On The NFL Blizzard Rescheduling: If this was in China do you think the Chinese would have called off the game? People would have been marching down to the stadium, they would have walked and they would have been doing calculus on the way down.
I'll see your amazing NY Post cover and raise you this even more amazing cover of Boston Metro Weekend.
UCONN's Kemba Walker: Problem?
Justin Verlander Doesn’t Bother Telling Parents Difference Between No-Hitter And Perfect Game (OnionSports)
How to beat the Miami Heat...
Winners vs a loser
Again.
Do A Barrel Roll!!!
What? UGA Bulldogs, impressive -yardage
Leyland stink palm: observe and click next
Come on ride the train, it's a Tebow train
Looks like we can close /r/atheism...
Another reason why I hate Duke
Holy Fuck...Steve Nash turned 38 today...and still leads NBA in assists. He is the man
Another hilarious tweet by the LA Kings
The English fan who last sunday tried to put off Italy’s winning penalty taker by flashing his penis is actually a millionaire businessman.
Going through the Lincoln Tunnel at 190 mph...
The best replacement ref ever.
Chipper Jones blasts playoff format: If we're going to continue to let teams in year after year, let's just have everybody in. Let's play 162 games and then we'll let the Astros have a shot at it.
Thinking of the Sac Kings fans out there, here is the company you are joining... and I feel for you.
From the creators of Tebowing, I give you...
It's not crazy, it's sports. 
Kyrie Irving and the Death of the Ghetto Superstar
The new Vikings stadium design has been revealed ... and it's hideous
Does anyone else think ESPN is an absolute joke?
Blue Jays fan screwed over by 'random' draw on fan appreciation day.
Purdue basketball player dives, then swims up court to knock the ball away from the opposing team's player, forcing the turnover.
Tiger Woods taken to hospital in 'serious' condition after car accident
Favre INT reaction: it gives me immense pleasure watching what all Vikings' fans were feeling
I just thought this was a really Cool Logo, so I'm sharing  - Spartan Golf Club
Friday is almost here...in anticipation, Best WAGs of the 2010 World Cup (PICS)
WTF TSN? (NSFW)
Well....crap.
Photographer captures Tiger Woods' chip right before it hits the camera
Stay classy Yankees fans...Also doesn't the MLB have instant replay for instances of fan interference? 
Hey ESPN, take Jim Rome off the air!
I'm a Giants fan, and I can't feel feelings right now. 
Brett Favre files retirement papers with NFL
DAAAAAAAAAAAAAA BEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!
TIL Slamball still exists
One punch TKO....in a goalie fight!
Bitch, I'm the Bus!!!
Ray Allen: The New Best 3-Point Shooter in the NBA! PIC: Ray Allen Hugging Reggie Miller
DAE just see Chris Bosh react to some elbow by Carlos Boozer like 30 seconds late?
This might  be my favorite soccer video of all time.  LOS ESTADOS UNIDOS!!!!!!
heat lose to knicks
Bill Clinton's letter to Chris Webber after the infamous 1993 ncaa championship loss
So I was fucking around on Conservapedia  and I found this on soccer. (scroll down and you'll see)
Los Angeles Dodgers' Clayton Kershaw wins NL Cy Young - ESPN
JEROME SIMPSON (PLAY OF THE YEAR)
During the blackout I had to work... how'd I do?
This name change has really thrown me for a loop
Perfect Timing
If You Don't Watch Sports, TV Is a Huge Rip-Off (So, How Do We Fix It?)
Goal line technology to debut in FIFA soccer this year - complete with vibrating wristwatch for referees.
Don't ever say that the Ivy League isn't good at sports.
World champion Kimi Raikkonen kicked his title defence into life with victory in the Malaysian Grand Prix
Um...Foul?
10 Most Hated Players In The NFL Today, Guess Who's Number One?
Don't have cable?  Want to watch the game?  Try going to this site.
Can we please give the Celtics some Credit?
1776! 1776! 1776!
Mexico Beats France 2-0
Reminder: KG was loyal to a crappy team that couldn't build around him for most of his career and it got him nowhere. That's why he would do the same thing Lebron did if he could do it again, and why he told Lebron to leave.
Ron Artest to sell his NBA championship ring - to raise money to bring counselors into schools, because they were helpful to him.
NHL frontpage on ESPN is pretty disturbing... [pic]
Troy Polamalu just can't help himself.
An Awkward Sports Moment Between a Black Guy and a White Guy (courtesy of Wes Matthews and Kevin Love)
How the conversation between Jerry and Wade SHOULD have gone.
Too many Urkels on your team that's why your wins low
Leap over 6'2 dude, grab ball off his head, pass under the legs, dunk! 
Minnesota Vikings may relocate to LA
KG explaining is favorite number
Mark Cuban Files MOST BADASS Legal Doc EVER  (x-post from r/nba)
11 year old kid calls Jose Reyes homer. Is better than Joe Buck.
Maryland's uniforms are SO bad..
Best college football kick return all year
Dont look now but there is 8 MLS teams within 9 points of each other all battling for playoff spots
TIL Skip Bayless was actually an acclaimed journalist before he became ESPN's perpetual troll...What are your feelings about people who create Personas that are so decidedly different from who they actually are? 
Congratulations New England Patriots! Superbowl XLVI Champs....is what shirts being sent to poor children in Africa read
Alex Morgan bodypaint bikini for SI
Congrats to ESPN on the most racist headline of the decade
Sad to say they actually lost this game
Why the NFL draft is my favorite drama-filled reality show of the year...
Found these pictures in a comment, this has to be made into a thing...
Welcome to the NFL buddy. The classiest act I have ever seen from an NFL team.
one more reason to hate the heat
Boy quits football team after refusing to remove pink gloves. His mother has breast cancer. 
USADA report reveals Lance Armstrong as the greatest fraud in American sports \
50 Cent tries to plant one on Erin Andrews. Rejection ensues.
Asdrubal Cabrera pulls of the rarest feat in baseball - the unassisted triple play
Pressure builds on NBC to explain why it's ruining the Olympics
Steve Carell does Lebron James with The Decision (hilarious)
Detroit Lions cornerback Alphonso Smith does a quick 'Carlton Dance' after scoring a TD [VIDEO]
I do not like Lebron James. But his new Nike commercial is pretty amazing.
Just got a weather alert from a friend. Tornado warning for North  Texas..
Metrodome roof collapses. Giants @ Vikings may have to be rescheduled.
The Heat Destroy The Lakers On Christmas Day
The G on the Packers' helmets doesn't stand for what you think it does..
People sometimes overlook Shawn Kemp when they talk about the greatest dunkers ever. Here's something to remind you.
Why does ESPN.com have the worst comment system on the internet? 
This guy has the best job in the world.
A dreamlike wave found in an Indonesian river is stunning the surf world
Mike Tyson, the Destroyer in his prime
Taj Gibson posterized Dwyane Wade today.
Detroit
ESPN pulls Hank Williams Jr. open from Monday Night Football tonight after singer compared Obama to Hitler on Fox News
Northwestern's Student Section. They need to get better at football.
On the BCS title game so far...
Russell Wilson’s Wife Provides Us With Our Favorite Face Of The Draft
The US Equestrian Dressage team has some serious star power
This is how I follow the olympics in Sweden.
So the Rockies have really been sucking it up this year. Their GM is Dan O'Dowd. Went to the game today, encountered this in the restroom: 
2012 Olympic results, normalized by sport (x-post from r/Olympics)
falcons safety thomas decoud plays meow game during sportscenter interview
The Office actor Craig Robinson sings a song for Derrick Rose on SportsNation. People need to stop clownin' D Rose
Mediocrity at it's best, Lions go 0-16 and set NFL record
USA ends #1-ranked Spain's winning streak at 35 and reaches the finals of the FIFA Confederations Cup
We'll never forget you [pic]
The List of Baseball Players Who Tested Positive for Steroids in '03
NFL Star Chris Henry Dies  | TMZ.com
This face says it all.
Debate: is this Andy Murray's time to win a maiden grand slam?
The United Countries of Baseball [PIC]
That is using your......nachos?
Breaking: Wade Phillips fired, Jason Garrett interim coach
Joakim Noah trolls Kevin Garnett by calling him ugly.  Really, Pot? How's Kettle?
High School football team uses The Dead Man trick play to win Texas State Championship
Five Ohio State Buckeyes  including Terrelle Pryor, must sit out the first five games of the 2011 season for accepting improper benefits.
Sarah Palin is good masturbation material - Tracy Morgan on NBA on TNT
Report : NHL expanding in 2013-2014 season.
NBA Official sues to get tweet unpublished; doesn't understand how internet works
Mark of a truly unselfish athlete: 19yr-old Japanese pro-golfer, Ryo Ishikawa, will donate all of his 2011 winnings to disaster relief effort in Japan. 
This is why 2011 has been my favorite Masters Tournament of all time. Thank you PGA for pushing the envelope for sports coverage.
Lebron in the 4th vs. Jordan in the 4th...It's the only argument I need Shawn!!!
Mark Cuban...like a BOSS. 
Sorry, Mexico, great win but fans were embarrassment.
I paid $9.75 for a beer at Safeco Field in Seattle this weekend.  Are prices this bad everywhere for professional sports events?
Tiki Barber described as “devastated” and “flabbergasted” that no team has pick him up.
Turn on fox right now - St. Louis just made one of the best comebacks ever in the world series.  
Buffalo Wild Wings Strikes Again
SEC West title game is set! They'll play Jan. 9th. If only the winner would go on to play Oklahoma State in some sort of national championship game!
After Five Days In Captivity, A Haggard Chris Kaman Emerges To Assure His Family That He Is Unharmed And The Hornets Are Treating Him Well
Tim Tebow was fined by Kyle Orton and other teammates for not scolding brothers who put a billboard up telling John Fox to start him
Bitch, you just got Linned. 
Arian Foster is a class act
Can someone explain why Japanese baseball teams have their nicknames printed in English, as well as their players' names romanized, on their uniforms? I've never understood this.
Lance Briggs is not only a member of the Chicago Bears, apparently he's also on the San Jose Sharks. 
Andrew McCutchen
Olympic badminton teams charged after appearing to throw match that doesn't matter
This is the dumbest thing I've ever seen on Sportscenter. [Fixed]
Zlantan's 4th goal vs England
(x-post from /r/AFL) Australia's Fox Footy channel reacts to the late withdrawal of St. Kilda's Lenny Hayes from Friday night's match.
If you're going to be in a hockey fight try to make it past the first punch.
Brian Bannister: The Smartest Pitcher in Baseball
Mark Buehrle with the first Web Gem of the year.
thanks ESPN, for making my day
I really wish people in the United States appreciated rugby. If you are a fan of NFL, you can be a fan of this too. Here's a video of Jamie Heaslip obliterating Ronan O'Gara. (VID)
'Mr. Bateman, You're Trying to Seduce Me ... Aren't You?' (PIC)
Thanks for the blanket coverage of two over-hyped 1-4 teams.
Today I made a picture about how I hate Ohio State.
Did you guys hear what happened when Shin-Soo Choo's father found out about his DUI arrest?
Nnamdi Asomugha signs 5-year deal with Philadelphia Eagles
Who else thinks the human element in baseball is complete bullshit when used to stunt the advancement of instant replay/technology?
A shame about Jeremy Maclin..
Reid announces Vick's hand NOT broken, saves tens of thousands of fantasy seasons
Jeff Green out for season. Celtics are fucked
49 year old Jamie Moyer makes roster for Rockies
NBA Finals
Dirk Nowitzki, why won't anyone play with me :(
Blockbuster deal for the Blue Jays
Was designing the newspaper page with pro schedules today. Sorry, hockey fans.
Barry Bonds home run No. 756 plaque missing from San Francisco Giants’ AT&amp;T Park
Borussia Dortmund thanks the English on the day of the champions league final at Wembley
In which sport does coaching have the biggest/smallest impact?
On Sunday in the bottom of the 9th inning, Phils second baseman Eric Bruntlett scored an unassisted triple play against the Mets. It's only the fifteenth in MLB history.
Cavaliers have fired coach Mike Brown. That was quick!
US scores in the 41st minute!
13-year-old ballboy advises demoted, lackadaisical  Nets player Terrence Williams: You made a mistake and you shouldn't feel like you're down here because you're not a good ballplayer. You need to learn from it.
The Bulls have not lost to Orlando, Boston and Miami in 2011
This is the must-read sports article of the day: A Gay Former N.B.A. Player Responds to Kobe Bryant
This is what an 80 yard full field lacrosse goal looks like. 
FX's 'The League' responds to the NFL Lockout
The NFL is back in business
This is the marine that Jordan Jefferson and the other LSU thugs kicked the shit out of.
Epic fail
THIS is what Jared Allen does in the off season, explains a lot...
As a Minnesota Vikings fan this is one of the only things I have to look forward to each week.
Mike McQueary, the eyewitness to Sandusky's child abuse in 2002, to coach this weekend.  He should not still be employed by Penn State either.
Hey Rex, Belichick is better than you!
Skittles gives Marshawn Lynch FREE two year supply after he is seen eating Skittles on NFLN (x-post)
I'm so confused! D:
A typical day in the life of Guardiola
Anybody on here excited for The Super Bowl of Soccer according to Fox?
Lebron James reading Hunger Games in locker room
r/soccer has just overcome r/sports to become the biggest sports subreddit
Hopefully non-rabid.
There is a growing movement to get rid of football's worthless extra point kick
Shaun White cuts off hair for Locks of Love - ESPN
What the NBA Dunk Contest could use.
Eight-year-old Atticus nets four goals to power Green Machine past Timbers 10-9. Make-A-Wish scrimmage attracts more than 3,000 supporters to help make a special wish memorable.
The cahoneys on this guy
Who wants to see a juiced Olympics (steroids allowed) to test the limits of the human body?
Entire Colombian Soccer Team Murdered
You play golf to drink with your boys, smoke cigars and talk about (sex), former NBA player John Salley told me Wednesday. And now we're surprised that a golfer was having sex. We think Tiger is the only one. Why are we treating Tiger like he's elected to public office? He plays golf, man.
Chad Ochocinco (or Johnson if you will) is a Great Human Being
ESPN to broadcast 3,500 live sporting events on Xbox Live this year. Free to Gold Members. Wow.
The Mets have to pay Bobby Bonilla $1,193,248.20 per year until he's 72.
Heartless, gutless Heat not worth your hate
Report: Michael Vick Getting Confident Enough To Do Something Terrible Again
Qatar  to Deploy Climate Control Technology for 2022 Soccer World cup
The Eagles effort against the blitz was the most pathetic I've seen since....
Rich Rodriguez fired by Michigan Wolverines
The Cavs have 1 win in 43 days, the Heat have one loss in 43 days.  I don't know, I think the people that argued against Lebron's effectiveness may have been wrong on this one.
North Carolina Bball stars play pickup with average students
Spurs upset by the Griz.
I was looking through my dad's old sports stuff, and found this badass pic of Kareem Abdul-Jabbar from the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel.
USA SCORES IN STOPPAGE TIME
NFLPA trollface.
5-0 for the first time since 1956.
MERRY CHRISTMAS! THE NBA IS BACK!
For those interested, I made a spreadsheet!
...and like that Joe Montana makes us all forget about Hank Williams Jr. and his cheesy MNF intros.
Brees may have the Single Season passing record but he'll never be in Ace Ventura
Redskins Get 2nd Pick.
UPDATE - South Sudanese Athlete Guor Marial has been approved to compete at the Olympic marathon as an independent under the Olympic flag. 
Girl has a couple well-aimed throw-ins before getting a yellow card. Ouch.
Baylor takes out Kansas State, Stanford beats Oregon in OT. Notre Dame is the only unbeaten and now is #1.
Mo Farah held by US customs on suspicion of being a terrorist as he returned to family home for Christmas
December is the darts world championships.  This is what a perfect game(almost 2) looks like. 
ESPN announces the next batch of 30 for 30 films including the 1983 NFL Draft that produced John Elway, Jim Kelly and Dan Marino
Mario Djurovski celebrates goal with pants on head, gets sent off. WORTH IT!
Boston Red Sox T-shirt buried in new Yankee Stadium by construction worker 
ESPN.com is becoming useless (pic)
Woohooo! It's going to be Spain against Netherlands on Sunday!!!!
It was Andy. It was always Andy.
Im not posting this article to inform Reddit about the altercation between Randy Moss and Tom Brady. I am posting it because of awesomeness of the second to last sentence. It's so true. 
Disney owns ESPN and Marvel, so they can get away with this!
Too true, The Onion.  It hurts.
Eli Manning bellyflops to lose the game for the Giants
Fan's reaction at Lebron tossing chalk in Cleveland.
James Harrison on how to avoid penalties in the Super Bowl
The difference between Michael Jordan and LeBron James
I had Texas, Purdue and St. Johns in my final four....
Reddit, I challenge you to name one person who deserves a ring more.
Wow, Blake Griffin can act.
Has any athlete ever looked more like their name than Dwayne Schintzius?
Somehow I don't see him pulling this one out.
NFL to review every scoring play this season
Tony Bruno, Fox Sports Radio Host, referrers to SF Giants pitcher Ramirez an illegal alien. We need to get this guy get fired, many others have met the same faith for much less offensive comments. 
This will be the coolest stadium once completed
My reaction whenever someone loses their mind over something minor in my Fantasy Football leagues
Yankees fan gets nailed with a foul ball in slow motion
In case you missed it, the game ball for the Michigan - Purdue game last Saturday was delivered to the field via a freaking JETPACK
NBA players reject owners' offer, season likely cancelled
It's official Iowa state beats OSU!
John Rocker admits to steroid use. Yeah, of course I was. I mean who wasn’t? Let’s be honest here, who wasn't?
American Soccer Goalie Tim Howard Scored A Ridiculous Goal From 100 Yards Away
Kevin Love Is An Emotional Guy
Pro Soccer now the 2nd favorite sport amongst 12-24 year olds per ESPN research/survey
My friends and I won the Chicago Fire photo contest and our photo is on the season tickets for the 2012 season!
Jerry Sandusky found guilty of 45 of 48 charges.
This is the most insane sports commentary I've ever heard
What are these blue tapes and why do so many players wear them?
Vanderbilt football walk-on gets surprise full scholarship, standing ovation from teammates...very cool moment.
The Baltimore Orioles are in a wild card playoff spot with a run differential of -39. 
Arian Foster is one of the NFL's classiest players
The best picture in response to the Teo news that came out!
Giants win the super bowl!
Does the Robot on Fox during football games make anyone else so irate that they want to hurt someone?
Yahoo Fantasy Football Advice WTF
Epic High School Football Catch
The Green Bay Packers are going to the Super Bowl after defeating the Bears 21-14!
Jim Joyce Accidentally Deletes Book He's Writing With Armando Galarraga
I have a Jim Tressel Autographed media guide that I will trade for tattoo(s).
Jon Gruden said This Guy a total of 11 times during Monday Night Football last night. His highest This Guy output was in one five-minute span in the second quarter, when he said it 7 times. 
Jay Cutler and the Bears play cricket before practice in London.
Awesome prank on shaq during NBATV 
Favre called up Tebow Wednesday evening
Jeremy Lin's Father on his career game
The only touchdown Tebow will make this year...
It really should be the 22nd Perfect Game in history...
Reggie Evans gets a technical foul for high fiving Blake Griffin
Twins turn rare 1-6-4-3 double play in a even rarer fashion.
Dickie V and The Schwab with some...Irrelevance chasers??? Someone please explain to me how this picture happens
Kentucky stunned in first round of NIT to Robert Morris
Cliff Lee's Who cares? catch in World Series game 1
South Park spoofs LeBron's Nike commercial
The Real Downfall Of Ken Griffey Jr. [pic]
The many emotions of Dejan Stankovic's goal (crosspost from r/fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu)
Verlander pitches his second career no-hitter and the second no-hitter in the MLB this week.
BCS strips Southern Cal of national championship
This is sports..
Peyton Manning likely will never play football again, sources say
Federer wins his 7th Wimbledon 
My favorite sport video of Danny Hart destroying the 2011 UCI Downhill World Championship. Listening to the announcers throughout is the real treat. 
Jimmy Kimmel takes on 2 yr. old trick shot artist Titus
Alex Smith trade to KC ‘effectively complete,’ according to report | SI Tracking Blog
Best Sports Halloween Costume, ever. Ted Williams [PIC]
Lebron﻿ Degrades Ballboy at Bulls game
MVP from the Packers-Bears game
John Elway disguises himself in public wearing a Broncos jersey, there's no way Elway would be wearing his own jersey in the mall.
How to lose the Super Bowl.
This inspirational Nike ad gave me goosebumps. Can anyone find a higher-quality version of it?
Who would be interested in an all-reddit March Madness bracket challenge?
Is anyone else happy for Mr. OchcoCinco?
The Fate of Baylor University
The Proper Way To Celebrate
Scumbag ESPN
What I'm looking forward to most this summer.
The Tragedy that is England
Newly signed New York Knicks point guard Jason Kidd arrested on a drunken-driving charge in the Hamptons
Nice chip (Japan vs. Morocco game) at the Olympics last night
Homer Bailey pitches no-hitter against the Pirates
Are the new outfits too skimpy for the Dallas Mavericks' cheerleaders?
Brett Favre Apparently Undecided If He Will Return To Vikings This Season 
Hats off to South Carolina...
Greg Oden is out for the season again.
Report: TCU Can Only Enter Big East If They Bring Girls
BOOM! Headshot hahahaha
JaVale McGee should have won the dunk contest
Dwyane Wade Flops Like A Soccer Player
A passenger plane carrying a KHL team has crashed near the city of Yaroslavl in Russia, killing 36 of the 37 people on board, including Pavol Demitra.
Hick Saban
Hey Rangers.........
Stop it, ESPN
Yao on Lin
Waitress fired after pic of Manning's bill goes on Reddit.
Pretty much sums up the Asheville game to me.
Could an average men's NCAAB team beat the best WNBA team?
Apparently Saints also put a bounty on Greg Jennings too
Michael Wilbon Is A Gutless, Starfucking Crybaby Troll
Celtics finish off Cavs in Boston 94-85
Dammit!
The most amazing catch we'll see all season... yeah right yahoo with your sensationalist headlines... oh, i stand corrected. 
Coach.
BFFs.
Longhorns rally from 15 down to end Kansas' 69-game home win streak
Isaiah Thomas drains an unbelievable, cold-blooded j to win the only overtime championship game in Pac-10 Tournament history. This is what march madness is all about
And this is why I hate Bleacher Report.
Why Americans Don't Like Soccer or Ever Will In The Near Future [Fixed]
Cleveland enters second month of complete silence so as not to jinx Indians
Dear everybody who thinks the Heat are about to demolish the Mavs in the NBA Finals...
Who else is excited to take a nap during the games today?
St. Joe's won't give grad transfer release to play at UAB
99 Yard TD
HD video of the Skycam fail during the Insight Bowl
Mayweather on Lin... ಠ_ಠ
Surprised I didn't see this yet. Scumbag ESPN at it again.
Boxing: NBC asked to cease ringside commentary
Tom Brady appears to be a little upset
I Have to Swim Against Her?
Picture from the wedding of NBA star Stephen Curry 
Pitcher forgets what sport he's playing.
Don't Try To Take LeBron's Headband!
BBC Sport - Sir Alex Ferguson is going to retire at the end of the season
The French President Nicolas Sarkozy today became the first major world leader to threaten China with an Olympic boycott in protest at the crackdown in Tibet
Steve Nash is the Most Ridiculous Man in the World
FIFA to censor in-stadium replays at World Cup 
The most ridiculous punt return I think I've ever seen [VIDEO] 
The Cowboys are winnning...and it's destroying the fabric of reality
This Is SportsCenter-Alexander Ovechkin the Spy
Hey, r/sports, I thought you might like to see a few pictures of my granddad playing for the Packers against the Bears.
You think you knew it all, but this is the real reason the Stanley Cup is in Chicago.
Ronaldo Il Fenomeno retires from football
Nashville Predators Had a Higher Shooting Percentage Tonight Than Butler Did
Indy 500 comes down to the final turn. Unbelievable finish.
The only reason i watch USA women's soccer.
I want the US to win, but come on with the sad earthquake story. You make me feel like an asshole for cheering against Japan
Pittsburgh Pirates file formal complaint with MLB over umpire's call
Epic throw from center field to home plate to end the game.
Can't Wait!!!! Oh ya, this doesn't exist.
Trolling in Hockey
Given the usually poor graduation rates among NCAA athletes, ESPN could have thought of a better slogan.
U.S. Rep. Brad Miller: ‘If Duke was playing the Taliban, I’d have to pull for the Taliban’ 
Always skeptical about the Tigers
Stay classy New York Post...
Just a couple of mascots sharing a beer. 
International Cycling Union strips Lance Armstrong of his 7 victories in Tour de France.
MLS passes 6 Million in total attendance for the first time ever!
Manchester City and Yankees to Own M.L.S. Club in New York
Believe it or not, washing a car with university water can be an NCAA violation
Canadian fans chant U S A as the U.S. womens hockey team received their silver medal.  Very classy, thanks Canada!
Does anybody else avoid sports news like the plague the day after your favorite team takes a big and/or ugly loss?
[NFL] Never give up
Blake Griffin Poster has arrived.
Being a football player is hard work...
Tom Brady NFL draft picture
Merry Christmas football fans!  I took a picture for you at the Patriots game yesterday.
Louis Oosthuizen Double Eagle Day 4 Masters 2012
Lightning strike Twins vs. Rangers game 7/8/12.
Two dead, 14 injured after NCAA Lacrosse team bus crash in Pa.
You may have already heard this but it's Scott Van Pelt's Voicemail from some years ago. Pure awesomeness.
Football, a gentlemen's game.
Sports' Biggest Ladies Men
I never get tired of watching Barry Sanders do his thing
Michael Vick Is Great... IIIINNNN SSSPPPAAAAAACCCCEE
Auburn Wins BCS National Championship, Disproving Myth that Cheaters Never Prosper
Kentucky upsets Ohio State to move on in the NCAA Tournament!
To anyone who tries to defend diving in soccer: look at this bullshit
Phil Jackson is the man
Chicago Bears reciever Sam Hurd told undercover federal agent that he wanted 10 kilograms of cocaine and half a ton of marijuana per week to sell in the Chicago area.
Lin is setting records left and right....
My buddy caught not one but THREE balls at tonight's Homerun Derby! What are the chances! 
Cushing Gives No Fucks
This might be the greatest single-handed display of defense you'll ever see on a football field:
Nike's co-founder, Phil Knight changes his opinion again on Joe Paterno after reading full Freeh Report
The Detroit Lions just signed this guy...NFL should be interesting
Chicken in China is so full of steroids that Olympic athletes will test positive if they eat it
24 Year Old Jon Lester Throws No-Hitter
The 50 Hottest Female Athletes Of All Time
I was at a college bar and filmed the reaction after USA scored its goal. Here's the video.
the classy way to say goodbye to cleveland
Is Colin Cowherd the worst sports radio host on the air?
 An Iowa high school wrestler who was among the favorites to win his weight class has defaulted on his first-round state tournament match rather than face a girl. 
Anybody else catch this priceless moment after VCU won?
Charl Schwartzel Wins The Masters
Buckeyes have a new helmet [pic]
Dwyane Wade Gets Away With Possibly The Worst Travel In NBA History
Alright, I'll say it: I thought the Maryland football jerseys looked pretty cool.
Touchdown!
Big East officials admit they allowed a missed PAT by Syracuse to count in the Syracuse-Toledo game. Toledo kicked a field goal at the end of regulation which would have had Toledo win 30-29 with the correct call.
Greatest photo ever.
I wanted the Packers to win the superbowl, MEGAN!
History of the Pittsburgh Pirates Logo
How Dwight Really Feels
ESPN Doubles Up on '30 for 30' Documentary Series - NYTimes.com
A reminder that the Olympics are extremely corrupt
Aaron Murray gets blown up by Quinton Dial
Rob Parker calls Robert Griffin III a cornball brother on ESPN First Take
Offer to all sports fans: I'll make a wallpaper for any team you want for free!
Augusta National: History of Course Changes [Infographic]
Tracy McGrady finally got his first Playoff series victory. Still will never forget this night
Matt Leinart caught being a 24yr old guy, ooooh the horror
The NHL's letter to Tiger
Today I learned that the all-time record between the Jets and the Patriots including playoffs is 51-51-1
Maradona: 1 on 6
Adam Hoge, sportswriter for CBS Chicago, is campaigning for Penn State to be kicked out of the Big 10. He seems to have a point.
Justin Verlander wins AL MVP.
God's conversation with NFL quarterbacks
ESPN for the last two weeks.
A Fish Tale: The Secret Behind The Rise Of Mardy Fish, America’s Top Ranked Tennis Player
Colorado HS 5A basketball final.
Caught a minor typo on ESPN.com earlier
TIL The brother of the Adidas brand started a rival sports brand called Puma
Now *that* is a banner
NBA weighs retroactive penalties for floppers
7 Most Pathetic Cristiano Ronaldo Flops 
This is about the sketchiest way to qualify for the Little League World Series possible (video)
Bartolo Colon suspended for 50 games after testing positive for testosterone
Towson baseball players black out school name in protest over their sport getting cut.
Last season, Manchester City stole the Premier League Title from Manchester United during extra time of the last game of the season. This is football at its very best. Enjoy
Let's see what's happening with the Stanley Cup SerieHOLYMOTHEROFGODMYEYES!
Yankees Win 2009 World Series
Saints beat Vikings, 31-28, to advance to Super Bowl XLIV in Miami on Feb. 7
Dallas Braden pitches a perfect game against the Rays
ESPN Deletes Story About Wild LeBron James Party 
20 Most Bizarre College Sports Mascots
Lebron is claiming race played a roll in the coverage of his decision this summer.  Are you kidding me?  Stop making excuses.
Tucker Carlson of FOX news: Mick Vick should have been executed.
They're doing it wrong.
nice pass flacco! wait, what?
If You’ve Already Looked Into Getting A Sniper For Kyle Williams, You’re An Ass.
NFL: Saints' bounty program paid defenders for vicious hits
Source says Kobe Bryant is planning a hard push to recruit Derek Fisher and Lamar Odom back to the Lakers as free agents in the summer
6 year old gets an unassisted triple play.  Heads up!  This has only happened 15 times in MLB history
Jim Harbaugh is a foaming at the mouth in an angered frenzy, I thought he was going to have a heart attack
Montreal Canadiens vs. Ottawa Senators Full Line Brawl
Marketing professor predicts Bulls in 5
I just realized that The Los Angeles Angels translates literally to The The Angels Angels.  That is all.
Bloody hell, Portugal v North Korea, 7-0 (final score).
Good job!
10 Of The Most Amazing Golf Shot Ever (Videos)
Want to know how the SEC gets so many good players? This video will make you rage. [repost from r/cfb]
Charles Barkley: Tucker Carlson 'Is A Nobody'
11 Guys You'll Always Find Playing Pickup Basketball
I'm not a Yankees fan, but this is pretty awesome.
Now those are the Pirates I'm used to seeing.
freak catch
As a Canadian who has been watching rugby for the first time, this fucking guy and his beard.
Did they throw to Nicks out of the back of the endzone?
Scumbag ESPN on sports news
To those who don't know what professional football (NFL) is supposed to look like...here's a clean big league hit.  If this deserves a penalty, I don't want to watch anymore.
Take that, cancer.
2012 NBA flop of the year! Must watch! 
Greatest Streaker Photo Of All Time (From Cards Vs Phils last night)
An Unassisted Triple Play
Texas – not TCU, nor Cincinnati or Boise State – is playing Alabama in the BCS championship game because, well, its name is Texas. The system is designed to reward the big brands of the sport
This applies to every sport
He's doing a 360 flip, with a skateboard, during the blizzard in Chicago, Illinois, on February 1, 2011. [PIC]
I know we all bitch about ESPN, but it is disheartening to see all four links on their lead story are Insider's only
Japan comes back to win in the shootout! 
Anybody else think the Miami Marlins new logo is absolutely hideous?
His Official Name on the 2011-2012 Roster
Dear ESPN, this is why I will go elsewhere for sports news. 
Denver Nuggets center Chris Birdman Andersen's home raided as part of an ongoing investigation in a child porn case
Award for 2nd At French Open? A Serving Dish
Best play at homeplate ever
When my fantasy Quarterback is going against my favorite team.
2013 Pro Bowl fans brawl.
ESPN Idiocy: Bill Simmons rightly calls out network on Twitter for airing ridiculous interview, then gets suspended for criticizing the network.
Brittney Griner is ready for that NBA tryout after season in WNBA
A spectacular photo of Francois Louw as he dives across for the winning try against Leicester Tigers (Sky Sports)
Martin O'Neill asks Brian Clough why he hasn't been picked.
This will not end well.
The greatest baseball fight.
Hey ESPN, how are the undefeated 7-0, returning champion Lakers behind the, 5-2 Miami Heat in your power rankings. Maybe you should relabel it hype rankings
Breaking a clay pigeon with a golf shot
Seattle Coach Pete Carroll: Seahawks Only Need 3 Losses To Reach Super Bowl
Tweet today from an Auburn football player: “who is good at writing papers????????? i pay…” 
Quick reality check as to just how good NBA players are:
Someone with DVR please take a snapshot of that fat kid pulling his shirt up after the USA goal in the 69th minute
Oklahoma State women's basketball coach Kurt Budke and assistant Miranda Serna died in a plane crash
According to BleacherReport, this constitutes an Absolutely Pathetic career...
Canada-Mexico brawl at the World Baseball Championships
Patriots lose!!!!!!1
Do Americans hate soccer? The US-Ghana game drew 19.4 million viewers, more than watched last year's World Series, which was broadcast in prime time. More American children play it, informally and in organized leagues, than any other team sport.
Every time an athlete thanks God for their success, I'm going to think of this... sigh/lol/sigh
Cassius Clay [pic]
17 years ago today, David Robinson put up 34 points, 10 boards, 10 assists, and 10 blocks.  It's the last quadruple double in the NBA to date.
Can I get that in a Wizards jersey?
Orlando Sentinel is torturing Magic fans with a webpage that shows what Dwight Howard would look like in other team's uniforms.
Selfless Young Fan Fan Returns Ball to Upset Boy
Poor Tim Wakefield
Might be the BEST presser ever
ESPN Logic
Quite possibly the worst ejection I have every seen!
Costa Rica will protest loss to US due to snow
Manchester United wins the champions league final on penalties.
Why does Tiger owe us an apology? Woods never presented himself as a pillar of moral virtue. He marketed himself as a great golfer. His job was to knock balls into holes. He didn't cheat at golf. Nowhere in America lives a kid who looked up to Tiger because he thought he was faithful to his wife.
Repeat! The Lakers won the title, beat Celtics 83-79 in Game 7
Blue Jays' McDonald homers in first AB since his father, who asked him to hit a home run in his honor, passed away
Here's to Devin Hester, a humble and earnest young man who is very deserving of the title Greatest Return Man of All-Time.
Tim Tebow mic'd during Broncos-Texans: There's only one person that carries the ball right here
Boston Herald Sports Writer Steve Buckley: Welcome to My Coming-Out Party
I know you're thinking the same thing FIXED
How I feel on Opening Day
Highest paid athlete by country.
On behalf of those who do not have cable. Thank you, ESPN, thank you.
NHL Fines Ozzie Guillen Just To See If He'll Pay
Charles Barkley on the Heat: Listen, if the Miami Heat were playing the Washington Generals I would pick the Washington Generals.
Amazing Goal! Heather O'Reilly, USA v. Columbia
EA makes a soccer game. Nailed it.
If you think the Miami Marlins new logo is bad wait til you see their fugly uniforms...
Predator Finally Gets His...(aka. Torrey Smith Getting Tackled By His Hair)
Dwight Howard must have insulted potatoes at some point during this whole ordeal.
As an out of market Philadelphia sports fan, this is how I watch sports
So the girls do hit each other in the lingerie football league
Grenade explodes on pitch during a soccer game (!)
Yea, no big deal... I meant to do that.  *Walks away from pitcher's mound like a boss*
I bet this is how Kobe feels about Dwight right about now...
This is the best picture ever of an NFL rookie taking his training camp hazing like a man. [images]
Happy Opening Day
Someone's not happy with Brian Boucher
Today's nominee for Classy Sports Fan of the Year
Troll God - Detroit Tiger Edition
Sports Illustrated cover this week: The Failure and Shame of Penn State
Awesome Flowchart - How Kyle Orton ended up in Kansas City
Compiling the Absurd Box Scores from Space Jam
The Onion: Exhaustive Investigation By Broadcasters Finds Every Player In NCAA Tournament Just A Great Kid
See the kids from ‘The Sandlot’ all grown up - then and now.
Yes you are.
Ken Griffey Jr. Career Highlights
Damn...Some NFL team should sign this guy
Rudy Gay owns LeBron with a behind-the-back cross and then dunks over Bosh.
Two Towson men's sports programs cut in the most tasteless &amp; disgraceful manner you'll ever hear.
The Giants have defeated the perfect Patriots
Intensity [Pic]
Wade, Bosh, James out for season.
This is how the Packers are going to handle the Bears this Sunday in the AFC Championship.  
I dare you to try this in a game...Pierre Marc Bouchard goal of the year candidate (NHL)
TNT: Thank you for cutting to the San Antonio-Memphis OT game on NBA TV during OKC-Den halftime 
Ridiculous goal by Mikael Granlund
Tom Brady looks like a little kid going down this water slide
Well the ref just gave Brazil the game against the US.
As a Pirates fan born in 1991, this is the most beautiful thing I have ever seen.
Chad Ochocinco traded to New England Patriots
As the highest-priced network on cable TV, is ESPN too big for its own good?
r/sports=r/lin
The impending 90+ loss 2012 Kansas City Royals season summed up in one picture
WOWOWOWOW @ Manchester City.  Scoring 2 goals in stoppage time to win the EPL.  Historic game
Cutting Military Funding Of NASCAR Teams Is Right Move
I'm betting horses with, THE Kenny Mayne at the Belmont Stakes today. Awesome, or fucking awesome?
USADA strips Lance Armstrong’s titles, bans him from cycling
This Would Be Awesome!
Referee tries to block Kris Humphrie's free throw
Clinic records suggest Alex Rodriguez purchased HGH as recently as 2012; other players named
Horrifying Crash at Daytona
Bruins fans singing the national anthem tonight in Boston.
By winning the NCAA tennis championship tonight, Stanford has now won an NCAA title in at least one sport in 37 consecutive years. And they did it as the 12th seed, defeating teams seeded #5, #4, #1 and #3 in a span of five days.
Kobe Bryant's ridiculous pass [VID]
I took a look at reddit's traffic graph over the past few days. See if you can tell when the Superbowl happened.
Tim Tebow drafted by the Denver Broncos.  Who else thinks this pick is awful?
You thought soccer was exciting? Take a look at Wimbledon.  Longest match in history RIGHT NOW: 5th set, 32 to 31.  That's games, not points. 
This picture sums how I have felt about the Bears this season.
Oh Yeah! Who's the fucking man? I'm the fucking Man! Oh Nooooooooo
TIL Cincinnati Red Ted Kluszewski played sleeveless because he was too jacked for human uniforms. 
This just hit the front page of ESPN . . . do you think this guy should be allowed to compete?
Scumbag Al Davis
Defending the right to criticize Tim Tebow
Would anyone be interested in a r/highlights? 
For Al
Best table tennis shots of 2011
Joe Paterno is not dead, NBC issues retraction.
This is quickly becoming a bi-annual tradition
This is how the British news reported the Detroit Tiger's sweep of the New York Yankees to win the AL championship. From a friend's facebook.
GSP is back! 
Gruesome injury in the Louisville vs Duke game
The NCAA and Adidas planned to market a shirt that said Ri5e/All in for #5, which would've meant they profited off a brutal injury to an unpaid amateur, who by strict rules isn't allowed to make any money off his own sport.
Sorry, I'm all booked up
UPDATE: Favre is NOT retiring!
Rich Eisen of the NFL Network ran the 40-yard dash at the scouting combine...and thanks to video technology was able to race NFL prospects.  
There's tons of stuff going on with hockey and basketball right now, but check out the Packers new Superbowl rings.
This needs to be a fucking thing.
Just three days now....
Need a goal scorer?
10 years of PTI openings
Just when you thought the Penn State scandal couldn't get any worse, this rumor appears.
Remember that 50:1 Super Bowl bet? Giants Fan Wins $50k, Donates it All to Charity
The Clippers making it past the first round and then having to play the Spurs
Chris Bosh is the best
Jets: Revis is out for the rest of the season with a torn ACL
Pats in London: Gronk doing the British Royal Guard touchdown dance
USC football’s student manager fired for intentionally deflating game balls
Trying the new Ray Lewis diet on for size(will post results) 
TIL the Green Bay Packers are the only fan-owned, non-profit pro team in the US
NFL may postpone Vikings-Philly game this week due to snowstorm -- when did they turn into baseball?
the black eyed peas suck
Texas Tech Freezes Faculty Salaries While Giving Its Football Coach a $500,000 Year Pay Increase
NBA players chip in to save coach’s life after Clippers decline medical coverage. My respect for Corey Maggette, Marko Jaric, Chris Kaman and Elton Brand just went through the roof.
In case anyone else was getting them mixed up.. 
Kobe Bryant calls ref, fucking fag (37 seconds into video)
Peyton Hillis just won the Madden cover vote!!!
Check out this [PIC] of Tim Tebow about to blow the cover off a golf ball - 141 mph swing speed?! [x-post from r/Golf]
Top 10 Pass to Yourself moments
In 2007, a dozen Penn State players forced their way into an off campus party and assaulted several students, one severely. Even then, JoePa did what he could to 'protect' the program, claims USA Today article.  
One advantage to being a jets fan right now 
Oh, Mizzou...
Miami, FL this morning.
Welcome Back Ron Ron.
Tiger Woods comes back from 4 down to win!
Fan arrested after retrieving Adam Dunn’s 400th home run from Kansas City fountain.
US sprinter Lolo Jones makes bobsled team 3 weeks after trying the sport
Manny Ramirez makes a spectacular catch, high fives a fan then turns a double play. Stuff like this is why I love baseball.
Brett Favre is about to have his Tiger Woods moment.
Russian Goalkeeper Fail. Goal from 70 metres
NHL All-Star Game Will Allow Captains to Select Their Team. This..Is..Awesome! And I Don't Even Like Hockey.
What a way to end the game
Andrew Luck skipping NFL draft, will return to Stanford Cardinal
Can we stop talking about LeBron and give Dallas a little credit for playing great team basketball?
BRUINS 2011 STANLEY CUP CHAMPIONS!!!
Scumbag Jerry Angelo
Kidnapped Washington Nationals catcher Wilson Ramos found alive in Venezuela
A 37-year-old's letter to Kyle Williams, kick returner for the San Francisco 49ers.
USA gymnast McKayla Maroney's incredible vault
David Beckham to retire from soccer at end of the season
Insanely close 4-car finish at Indy Lights race
This ice skating thing... Nailed it.
Solid fantasy advice from ESPN
Hasselbeck goes BEAST MODE!!!
Toronto Bluejays new look, love it
Earl Motherfucking Boykins
Ballboy makes incredible catch during Federer-Nadal match (video)
Rugby Mistress
Ray Allen leaving Boston Celtics for NBA champion Miami Heat - ESPN
Penn State's football problem deserves a football penalty - the death penalty.
Caltech is on NCAA probation. No, really.
Don't feel bad for the replacement refs...
I Love the new Dikembe Mutombo Commercials. He is also a good guy who built a 300 bed hospital in his home country (Congo)
Favre will be announcing his decision...
Worst Football Play in History
The Celtics are 2-0 against the Heat.
Dear NCAA, Nobody believes you.
Taken just outside of Boston.  I disagree.
Once again: The Green Bay Packers are a publicly owned, non-profit, small-town team.  The only one in America.  And we still win championships.
“I do chuckle a little bit when they sort of complain about the scrutiny when they get,” “My suggestion would be if you don’t want the scrutiny, you don’t hold a championship celebration before you’ve even practiced together. Stan Van Gundy on crybaby Miami Heat 
347 fans attend Marlins game
Are you high Vermont?
Here's my most treasured piece of sports memorabilia. What's yours?
Kevin Durant Buzzer Beater
Falcon Punch!
To repay Daniel McCutchen for giving up his jersey number, AJ Burnett is starting a college fund for McCutchen's unborn daughter 
People giving Ray Rice crap about his RIP tweet because he performed poorly today.
We're about to start the 2nd half
Tebow will be the most talked about white Bronco since this one:
The Onion's SportsDome on US channel, Comedy Central, Makes fun of ESPN's coverage of the MLS &amp; soccer.
Ben Rapistberger
Greatest.  Candid.  Basketball.  Picture.  Ever.
Does anyone else find the NBA unwatchable?
Verlander wins AL Cy Young
For the pro athlete, it's just a job -- The players don't care as much as you do.

Dammit ESPN...Why does this show exist?
Bright House Field (Single A of the Phillies) currently 
Not bad, Michael Hoey. Not bad.
Tried to read this with an open mind, but it might be the most ignorant thing I've ever seen on ESPN
Tim Tebow Halloween Costume (not for kiddies)
Goall!!!...Ouch..WTF..Smack! [pic]
Yankee Fan On Cellphone Catches Ground Rule Double With His Face
Michael Vick named starting QB for the Philadelphia Eagles
The field for the University of Minnesota's women's soccer game on Sunday vs Texas A&amp;M
This kid is more fun to watch than the Bobcats...
Ok he's got my vote, Charles Barkley should commentate on every single sports event for the rest of eternity.
#1 Duke goes down to unranked Virginia Tech
And they lose again. 
Butler does it again! They're headed to the final four.
Give this goalie a raise!
NBA Doppelgangers
Although he never lived up to his potential, I think we need a reminder who was the greatest dunker ever
Most powerful Joe Paterno editorial cartoon I've seen so far
Glad to see Sean Payton is back on the field in New Orleans!
LeBron's hairline
Great billboard in Philly for The Constitution Center (x-post from r/philly)
The four Marlins fans that showed up for single game tickets...
For everyone not in Alaska, Mitch Seavey just won the Iditarod.
Happiest fan ever?
Why do you Americans have to take everything we hold dear?!
Robbie Rogers, the soccer player who came out as gay a few months ago, will be the first openly gay player to play in a major US sports league with the LA Galaxy
Why Americans hate soccer summed up in 5 seconds
Seattle Mariners outfielder Greg Halman stabbed to death in Netherlands
Jack Del Rio has been fired by the Jaguars
Looks like the lockout has been tougher on some more than others. 
Company drops 900 lbs of Butterfingers in Boston in honor of Wes Welker
Say hello to Marc Big Burrito Gasol when he was in high school
A 42 year old journeyman has to make a putt to finally qualify for the U.S. Open. Definitely feel for this guy.
'Who Gives A Shit' wins the Belmont.
Cleveland Weatherman is not happy about the NBA Finals
Did Lance Armstrong just tweet his cell number? Or was he hacked?
NFL Pro Bowl voting is open. Vikings Punter Chris Kluwe is an avid Redditor. I say we get him a ticket to Hawaii.
Hockey season? Google, whatchu know about that?
Tiger Woods penalized 2 shots for taking a bad drop on the 15th yesterday; will not be disqualified from Masters
Remember when everyone thought Kadri was weak and not ready for the NHL? Well...
Boston Bruins come back from a 4-1 deficit in the 3rd period to beat the Toronto Maple Leafs in overtime. As a Leafs fan, goddammit.
Drew Carey demonstrates Cleveland's hatred...he later apologized
The Onion: Ben Roethlisberger One Win Away From Being Good Person
Ah, to be a Giants fan...
Well, at least they're honest... [x/post from r/wtf]
No doubt this time. Tebow beats Steelers.
Daytona 500 on hold after driver Juan Pablo Montoya crashes into jet dryer, setting 200 gallons of jet fuel ablaze
I'm not a huge football fan, but Ethan Albright's letter to John Madden in regards to his shitty Madden NFL rating is hi-fucking-larious
This is what surrounds the field that the US will play on to start the final round of World Cup Qualifiers (in Honduras)
Why don't we have this sport in America?
Brett Favre is a bitch
The worst part of NFL sundays
NCAA presidents approve four-team college football playoff beginning in 2014 
xkcd: Sports Cheat Sheet
Reggie Bush is a class act
30 for 30 about Bo Jackson re-airing tonight at 8 p.m. EST on ESPN2 - awesome documentary
My nhl cover?
I found out about Stuart Scott's remission yesterday, and after reading this article, he is now my favorite person in the sports world.
Photos show Tiger Woods may not have deserved a two-stroke penalty
If you can ever watch a basketball game while sitting beside a bipolar, suicidal man who has his life savings wagered on it, I highly recommend it.
Broncos fire Josh McDaniels
Syracuse may have lost, but Otto the Orange still had a good time.
Nick Gilbert, Son of Cavs Owner, Is a Damn Rock Star!
Dirk Nowitzki partying in Germany [photos]
ASU...you might want to calm down with the blackout
I wish they still made championship t-shirts like this
Kept it on ESPN for all of 20 second today.
Clever fan purchases domain name JetBluePark.com (the name of the Boston Red Sox's new spring training field) before the team and re-directs it to a rival website...
LA Kings set the record straight with helpful infographic
I am a Diehard fan. Today I finally got to go to a game. We won! 
Michael Jordan: Kobe is better than LeBron.
I appreciate fans who make signs, but I hate this kind
Chad Ochocinco Sleeps Underneath A Giant Aquarium
Boom! Headshot!
Seriously, ESPN, I don't know what you're trying to pull, but get this guy off the broadcasts.
Novak Djokovic wins Australian Open [FIXED]
Wiffle Fucking Ball
David Beckham scores his first goal of season.  It's an absolutely beautiful and stunning shot!
Piling on.
NBA sells out: all tickets will now be available only one source, Ticketmaster
Can anyone confirm this? Notre Dame gets tons of $ [FB]
NFL's Junior Seau had brain disease CTE when he killed himself - Washington Times
Fox to challenge ESPN with new sports cable channel
The Robert Morris Wikipedia page got an update after the win tonight...
Ladies and gentleman. Today your Australian brothers get to witness the annual State of Origin in one of the most brutal sports. I beg of you for your own entertainment, find a stream, go to a pub or anything.
 Awesome Baseball Save By Pitcher!  Whether you like baseball or not, you can't deny the coolness of this play. [Video]
Boomer Sooner! [PIC]
This AD has no place here!
Lebron James: Super douche
Pablo Sandoval always stops for cake.
U of M beats OSU for the final home game of my senior year and thousands of fans storm the field!
Well, I guess he was just full of shit (Pujols).
The Bulls BenchMob after The White Mamba (aka Brian Scalabrine) scores.
Reports of explosion at the Boston Marathon; witness heard 2 loud booms near finish line - @BostonDotCom, @KRKO1380
Filomena Tobias, the angry Heat fan who gave Joakim Noah the finger, has a crazy backstory | Ball Don't Lie
LOL ESPN
Shawn Kemp calls Griffin’s car dunk weak | I’m 41 years old and right now I could do it.
If only you could throw a baseball like this.
India wins world cup of cricket.
NBA websites remove any mention of players.
Joe Paterno Dies In Hospital; Doctors Promise To Tell Their Superiors First Thing Tomorrow
r/sports, I know most of you are American, how do you feel about advertisments on the front of the jersey?
The real reason Nadal pulled out of the Olympics
The Best 'This is SportsCenter' commercials 
OK, which one of you was at College Gameday this morning? 
...if the Packers lose the Super Bowl and your friend is like, See? They never should have gotten rid of Brett!, then you should be allowed to hit that friend in the mouth with a discus.
This is why I hate you ESPN!
As a Braves fan I was happy about this but it is definitely the worst way to end a 19 inning game. WORST CALL EVER. 
Are the Blue Jays stealing signs? Serious accusations  continue to pile up. Statistics included.
/r/sports, before you lynch ESPN over the Bernie Fine thing, why not learn the entire story first?
Freeskier Sarah Burke dies due to injuries sustained in Utah
There's classy, then there's Peyton Manning classy
Happy Birthday Michael Jeffrey Jordan. You will always be the greatest.
DAE hate ESPN's sick kids special reports?
In case anyone else was getting them mixed up (FIXED)
Rick Reilly absolutely eviscerates Al Davis
Small market fans response to the end of the NBA lockout.
Tim Tebow Drinking Game 
U.S. runner Manteo Mitchell finishes 4x400-meter relay on broken leg in 46.2 seconds
Shocking video of Rutgers Mens Basketball Coach Mike Rice berating, pushing, and using slurs at practice
Several NFL teams have threatened to move to L.A. after cities refused to give them money. The teams never do.
Never forget.
How does this guy have a show?
Chris Boshiraptor
Mickael Pietrus being silly
My Snapple fact 
Magic Johnson says Classless to the Lakers
Alex Morgan's amazing game-tying goal in a WPS game Sunday afternoon. 
Current State of Events in the Big XII
Utah Jazz mascot Bear does it again
Knicks coach D'Antoni quits
This is a goal that you must watch  over and over again. Goal  which is  obtained the applause of the fans of  the opposing team. 
How I feel as a Texas Longhorn watching the Cotton Bowl (Oklahoma vs Texas A&amp;M)...
The toughest schedule in College Football...
Golfers are almost too classy 
Red Sox Turn A Bonafide Triple Play, Not One Of Those Cheapies Where Someone Screws Up
Novak Djokovic defeats Rafael Nadal in the longest men's finals in open era history
giants sign matt cain to a 5 year extension. best matt cain gif i have ever seen 
Roger Federer becomes the first man in history to reach eight Wimbledon finals
Radio Host Mike Francessa falls asleep during an interview/Yankee report.  Time to retire old man.
Switzerland shocks Spain 1-0 in World Cup upset
I always thought the goal of the game was to catch the ball.
I have a brilliant idea to troll the NBA this season. Everyone needs to vote for Delonte West for All-Star game starter. Now that he's in the Western Conference, him starting opposite LeBron would be epic.
Stanford quarterback lowers the boom
Reaction to Andy Murray's exit from Australian Open. (you really do need to watch this)
I had dreams of being a jock &amp; minor league baseball, had some of the stats to try out.... Learned quick:  gay dude can't, unless I lived a lie in the closet. No thanks....  I gave up the dream and focused on being a math major.... Sometimes my heart breaks again when I wonder what could have been.
If you weren't a Miami Heat fan before this year I hate you.
The most exciting baseball card photo ever taken
I ran into Lebron and Kobe the other day...
Since we're all still hating on Joe Buck I'd like to remind you that a couple years ago he admitted to disliking baseball.
Slowpoke thinks the Cards could go all the way
Matt Prater took your final exams? [pic]
Go ahead, say it...
The original Bad Luck Brian
And this is why I don't watch ESPN anymore...
Tom Brady has a wicked sick Boston accent.
Was This Disgraceful Olympic Boxing Match Fixed?
They Won't Magically Turn You Into A Lustful Cockmonster: Chris Kluwe Explains Gay Marriage To The Politician Who Is Offended By An NFL Player Supporting It
Andy Murray has won the first Grand Slam by a British player since 1936.
Say what you will about Tim Tebow as QB. He is a class act and we could use more people like him in this world.
Giants WIN!!!!!!
Thierry Henry's ridiculous pass [VID]
Best Theme Song Ever. Agreed?
Duke's Austin Rivers hits buzzer-beating 3 to stun North Carolina on their home court, 85-84
Barring snag, Peyton Manning picks Denver Broncos, sources say 
Is An ESPN Columnist Scamming People On The Internet?- The most interesting thing you will read all day.
Ichiro Suzuki and Michael Jordan
Spain goalkeeper asks ref to blow whistle early
My son had a messy game of football today - so much fun...
The NFL will support Jovan Belcher’s and Kasandra Perkins’ daughter through college
Håvard﻿ Rugland from Norway has earned a NFL trial with the New York Jets as their kicker because of this video.
Marshawn Lynch will be one of your favorite players after watching this, guaranteed.
Hooters ballgirl picks up live baseball and tosses it into crowd
Striker hits post four times… with a single shot on goal! 
Trey Burke 3-Pointer Forces OT in 87-85 win for the Wolverines over Kansas
Blake Griffin is an absolute beast. Slam dunk over 7'1 center.
Why I will never, ever boo Mark Sanchez
Wonder what they teach there.
Phoenix Religious HS Forfeits Baseball Championship Game Due to a Female Player on Opposing Team
Chipper Jones to be an All-Star in his final season
The US soccer team just beat Mexico 1-0 for their first ever victory on Mexican soil 
Well this is an interesting split.
Wow - Last Minute goal scored after missed penalty kick to take Watford to the Playoff Finals
Apparently creating an O with your hands after scoring a touchdown, when your gloves were specially designed to create that pattern, is Unsportsmanlike Conduct now
UConn Women's Basketball win streak ends at 90 after loss to Stanford
One of the craziest sports I've ever seen: Botaoshi (Pole Pull-Down)
Who LOVES the new Kenny Powers marketing by KSwiss?
Cris Carter Enters Football Hall Of Fame As Paying Customer
This is why I still love Chad Ochocinco
The most typical Duke reaction to losing ever
49ers CB Chris Culliver decides gays in sports are not ok, then all the females calling him out are on their periods, then decides that is not how he realy feels.
Lakers Owner Dr. Jerry Buss passes away at 79
Pacers center Roy Hibbert fined $75,000 for using the phrase no homo
Holy crap, the CFL is so weird.
Cavs win!
What if Michael Vick were white?  Thanks, ESPN.
Sergio Ramos of Real Madrid drills a 53 yd field goal (with yards to spare) during halftime at preseason NFL game between Eagles and Steelers
Cowboys ban Dez Bryant from strip clubs
I made a chart of the 2013 NFL schedule. It's perfect for projections. Winner goes in the box. (x-post from r/nfl)
Insane Buzzer Beater - New York High School
My new favorite sports reaction gif
What do you think sport's most unbreakable record is?  My vote goes to Cy Young's 511 career wins.
Front Row Lap Dance At The Cowboys Game
This is what happens when you catch a player's 1st major league home run ball...
Did anyone else just see Marion air-jerking it?
Today I got to meet Jerry Rice!
How I feel as a Boston fan
Apparently someone at ESPN is not the world's biggest Maroon 5 fan
Seems legit.
An extensive 2008 profile of Hope Solo's new husband, former NFL TE and scumbag Jerramy Stevens
Kansas beats Memphis 75-68 to claim the 2008 Men's Div I NCAA Tourney Championship
Apparently the term Soccer actually predates Football.  Consider that the next time you argue with an American ;)
Sam Fuld hit for the cycle... but didn't.
Pics of Mark Cuban in his wild rugby days.  (NSFW: elephant walk)
Usain Bolt disqualified in the 100m Final in 2011 World Championships 
How I feel after day one of March Madness...
The team stinks, but the atmosphere in Beantown is hard to beat...
The only part of Eagles vs. Saints that didn't suck
Sorry K-Rod, that's not a popup!
As a Pirates fan, all I can say is... surely this is a typo.
Holy shit this kid is in High school!!
As a Cubs fan,  I must say - It's shit like this, other Cubs fans!
Spotted in Baltimore last night...
I'm guessing The Babe was not on steroids
Absolute Terror on the Punter's Face
Saints running back Pierre Thomas places christmas bow on football before he gives it to a fan after scoring a touchdown.
College Bench Warmer Goes Crazy in Background on ESPN
Touché sportsnation  
ESPN knows they have the worst online-video system on the net right?
Teddy Kremer, a 30-year-old with down syndrome, asked Reds 3B Todd Frazier to hit a home run. He did. Teddy's reaction is awesome.
Yankees, Rangers payroll disparity largest in playoff history. Texas playoff rotation combined makes less than Mariano Rivera.
So glad this ends the way it does.
Florida Marlins set new attendance record!
An Australian Rugby player's take on American Football.
If we're talking the best free-kicks, I'd like to throw throw this one into consideration... (Wait for camera angle at 0:55)
Sam Bradford makes a girl cry 
Derek Holland explains Game 6.
I live in Fayetteville, Arkansas. Here's a small glimpse at how the natives are responding to the Bobby Petrino Scandal.
So we voted the helmet carts come back. What about these? 
Johan Santana throws first no-hitter in Mets history
HS Runner Carries Fallen Opponent to the Finish Line - Ahead of Her.  Now THAT is Sportsmanship
Could you imagine playing against this guy in High School? 
Breaking News: Button injured in F1 accident (PIC)
I'm Swedish, and for the first time actually excited about super bowl. Here's my Super Bowl sunday...
Stephen Curry, why don't you have a seat over there?
Leading Vote Getter in the AL? AWWWW YEAH!
Albert Hayneworth traded to the New England Patriots
TIL Cam Newton has thrown as many 400yd games as Brett Favre, Jim Kelly and John Elway. 
ANyone else see the resemblance?
Kevin Durant hover hands Kate Upton
Florida's state dinosaur
Relativistic Baseball: What would happen if you tried to hit a baseball pitched at 90% the speed of light?
When Sandusky victim #1 filed his complaint with authorities, the residents of Happy Valley harassed his family so much he had to go into witness protection
Entire college football stadium sings John Denver after win. Chills.
Portland Fan Picks His Nose In Direct View Of TNT's Broadcast, Winks At Camera
I successfully backed out of my parking space this morning, making it the only time that I will ever out-drive Tiger Woods.
A young rookie hitter, Robin Ventura, charges the mound to fight a 46-year-old Nolan Ryan. Big mistake.
Pacquiao beats Margarito by unanimous decision. [pic]
Chicago car salesman honors late grandmother with a Packers tie, gets fired for refusing to remove it.
Why we all lose tonight. FTFY
5'10 white guy wins college dunk contest...
If LeBron wanted a ring so bad...
Penn State Said to Be Planning Paterno’s Exit - NYTimes.com
In Kentucky, basketball is life
College Basketball...
High school pitcher makes tough bare-handed catch, tipped from the catcher
The commercial was made as a joke but it's what ESPN is turning in to
Roger Clemens found not guilty on all six counts in perjury trial - ESPN
You realize just how old you are when all your favorite players from when you were a kid are up for Hall election
Final Few Seconds of Wisconsin vs Michigan Regulation
Congratulations Canada, but one of these days our black people are going to find out about Hockey
SNL destroys 'Lin-sensitive' sports news coverage of Jeremy Lin
Phelps comes in 4th in 400M IM, Lochte wins gold
Joe Paterno's Last Season: My name, he told Jay, I have spent my whole life trying to make that name mean something. And now it's gone.

Ladies and gents, the stupidest play in the history of football just occurred (video)
Agreement at hand! NFL Refs possibly back this weekend!
Map of the sports of the world
Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian wants to buy Jay-Z's share of the Brooklyn Nets
Tony Parker's Game 1 buzzer-beater in slow motion.
Bill Belichick is retarded.  Who doesn't kick the ball on 4th and 2 on your own 29 yard line when you're winning by 6 against the Colts with 2 minutes left?
Brett Favre will NOT play this season.
This is the most pathetic college kid I've ever seen on YouTube
Mikko Koivu loses his stick. He decides to steal Bobby Ryan's stick. Ryan takes Koivu's stick off the ice (wrong-handed) and scores.
Congratulations BCS on messing up the turf for the national championship.
'Never missed a Super Bowl' member dies at age 79
BREAKING: Three-time World Series champion manager Tony La Russa announces his retirement.
It's not Tim Tebow's fault I can't stand him. In fact, I think he's a pretty good role model for children compared to a lot of sports stars. Articles like this is what makes me hate him.
No D. Rose? Chill out Chicago
Chelsea win Champions League

Rafael Nadal loses in 2nd round of Wimbledon to 100th ranked player
Tiger Woods' unbelievable birdie from the bunker on 18 (GIF)
Here's a picture of the old Dallas Mavericks team just palling around
The 20 Types of Depressed Sports Fans. Which one are you?
Bam. Saints come back from 10-0 deficit to win Super Bowl 44 31-17.
Jesus fucking Christ
Heat lost to the Pacers last night.  Dwyane Wade held to only 3 pts in his worst game ever.  Who else is glad to see the Heat struggle?
Insane bike racetrack..
The difference one man can make in 1year.  [NSFClevelandFans]
LAKERS!
Jim Tressel resigns, report says
Scumbag Tebow
D. Rose game winner from last night.  So filthy.
In high school they were best friends: Detroit Lions QB Matthew Stafford and LA Dodgers Pitcher Clayton Kershaw
The wonder that is Todd Coffey tweets.
So I was at a preakness party and had the chance to meet Tom Brady. I had brought this photo hoping he would sign it, but he laughingly declined
Was I the only one who noticed these during the Nba finals?
Yep, ok, it's official. Those horns are awful and will make watching the World Cup a painful ear rape experience. Fantastic
The Miami Heat have the worst record in the NBA.  That is all.
Throwing a HR back like a boss
Rupert Murdoch's worst crime.
The only reason I understand the scoring system in tennis...
25 worst sports teams in history, you would hate them like hell!
So Close
Chicago Vs Chicago
Bradley defeats Pacquiao
Stevie Johnson tells North Korea to bomb Massachusetts
San Diego and Tijuana make joint proposal to host 2024 Olympics
Detroit becoming NFL’s most hostile locale (Very good article)
You know its a slow day in American sports when this is the first thing to pop up on the espn scoreboard
A message from the playoffs gods to 
Chicago.  [x-post from r/Chicago]
Brandon Jacobs comes through to the little boy who sent him $3.36 to stay w NY (caution, cut onions may show up at your desk)
Michael Vick makes statement about owning a dog.
Derek Jeter breaks ankle in Yankees loss
John madden reading
High school hockey goalie purposefully scores on himself, flips off coaches, leaves 
Jets LB Bart Scott lets out some anger after defeating the Pats
Pissed off Saints fan shoots two 49ers fans after playoff upset.
If X-Men could play sports...[xpost from /r/gifs]
Gerald Green might jump higher than anyone else, ever.
Who else thinks Shea Weber deserves a suspension for smashing Zetterberg's face?
The greatest High School football game ever played. Texas state semifinal game. Plano East (black) trails John Tyler (white) 41-17 with 3 minutes left to go. What happens next is the stuff of legend.
Of thirty five autopsied brains donated by NFL players, all but one had chronic traumatic encephalopathy.
Alayna Adams throws the first pitch at a Rays game, only to find her dad, home from Afghanistan, behind the plate.
Spain wins the 2010 World Cup!
Master Chief taking a dump
Wait... That's probably not far off.
Aaron Rodgers has a fabulous porn stache
Well, as unhappy as I am with these NBA finals, I still have this...
ESPN can write a headline.  Grats motherfucker.
RG3: Perfect 10's
Tigers fans know this all too well...
USA HOCKEY BEATS CANADA 5-3, one of the best games I've seen in my life!
Giving away my baseball card collection.  I can't bear to throw them and I'm too lazy to ebay.  FREE
Rangers draft paralyzed outfielder
What I see every time I watch the US Women's World Cup [x-post from /r/pics]
Heading into the playoffs with a Bye this weekend, all thanks to this guy
Greatest Christmas present I've ever received.
5 years of every NBA Shot visualized
So how did Usain Bolt’s photos turn out?
The Wichita pickoff. Not seen in generations, this high school pitcher from Mississippi does the best fake-out this side of a sideshow. Game over!
The Vikings have waived Randy Moss
Does anyone else miss the World Cup right now?
Who else watches ESPN and wishes these guys were still doing SportsCenter?
Ninja basketball.
US women's new soccer jersey is....nursey?
Write A Headline To Describe This Guy
Hi MOM!
The Milwaukee Brewers know how to dress for a flight
Ochocinco doesn't faze me anymore, but I don't think this one is ever gonna stop sounding weird.
TOUCHDOWN, CURIOSITY THOMAS 
Singapore Basketball Referee Commandments. My brother got a copy at the tourny this weekend(not him holding it).  Not sure if #4, #5 or #8 is best.
My first thought regarding Bone Jones and Kevin Ware
The Italians add a whole new aspect to NBA culture.
It's shit like this Yankees...
Stephen A Smith gave Skip Bayless the finger on ESPN First Take just now
Forever in the shadow of Messi
NFL decides to ease its blackout policy. Stadiums no longer have to be full for games to be shown on TV.
Brothers with a gold and bronze in the men's triathlon
Justin Verlander on Jose Valverde blowing game 4...
#3 Iowa takes down #1 Penn State in Wresting
Olympic Committee Drops Wrestling From 2020 Games - NYTimes.com
Michael Vick is playing out of his mind. 
Nevada wins in Overtime!
All of 'The Onion' articles on Tim Duncan. The headlines alone are hilarious.
Justin Verlander goes full derp.
Paul Dee was the athletic director at 'The U' during the supposed booster infractions. This is the same man who headed the NCAA committee that investigated and sanctioned USC for not having enough control over their athletic programs. What a fucking joke. 
In Utah, this is how we know when Tebow is taking the snaps for Denver...
OSU Buckeyes win 17-7... With 1 Pass Completion. 
David Stern.
Did Brendan Ryan actually swing in the final at bat vs Philip Humber?
Josh Hamilton hits 4 home runs, sets AL total base record
Pretty good year for Stephen Curry.
After GS Warriors lose to Spurs and are eliminated from Playoffs (at home), the whole team comes back on the court to thank the fans and bring them in to their final huddle.
My favorite part of this picture is Scottie Pippen.
Jeremy Lin leads Valentine's day comeback against the Raptors by hitting game winning shot right before the buzzer!
Bill Murray should be present at all baseball games for reasons which will become apparent.
Steve Smith of the Carolina Panthers donates 100,000$ for the Aurora shooting victims 
Fun Fact: Of the 4 teams left in the MLB playoffs, they are all in the top 9 of spending on payroll. 
Detroit Red Wings beat the Pittsburgh Penguins to win the Stanley Cup
Canada Win's GOLD for Olympic Hockey!
ATDHE seized by Homeland Security
Chris Bosh Is One Of The Monsters From I Am Legend
What I've been thinking while watching the Duke-Umich game
As a golf fan, this is what I want
It gets me every time.
If you don’t have anything nice to say…
Scumbag NBC reporters. Not even a good job was said. Straight to criticism.
Felix Hernandez pitches the third perfect game of the season!
The silver lining of being an avid IU fan
Sixth man infraction spotted 19 years later
College player dunks from free throw line
New Espn scorecenter app sucks
And its finally over... 70-68
am i the only one that thinks that wade phillips would be perfect for one of those southwest wanna get away commercial?
King James wants Spoelstra to bow to him - Will this guy ever grow up?
The first quarter of the Superbowl, as seen through reddit's traffic graph.
Oh Eli... you're so silly
Unsponsored Kurt Busch paints his car replicating Ricky Bobby's Taledega Nights car for todays race.
Colts cheerleaders have their heads shaved at game in support of their coach, Chuck Pagano
More trouble for A-Rod: The Yankee Slugger's Charity Reportedly Kept 99% of the profits
When A-Rod signed his $252 million dollar contract with Texas, he said he was going to get them to the World Series.
Student Who Wins the Compton High School Free Throw Contest Gives Away His $40K Prize to the Seven Finalists. Truly Inspirational.
Here's a thought: Let's get someone, ANYONE, other than Chris Berman to call the HR Derby next year.
Messi never flops
Michael Jordan batting average update!
That was a hell of an 11th inning
I'm fb friends with the guy who was guarding Jack Taylor (NCAA single game scoring record holder). All things considered, the kid has a great attitude.
Last year at Christmas time, my dad gave me his old Richard Todd Jets Jersey. 30 years later, it's come to great use.
FIFA states that the U.S. vs Costa Rica game on March 22 stands and is considered as valid
An awesome picture of my father the Durango Kid back in the day when was a professional boxer. He trained under the great Cus D'Amato along with Mike Tyson in Catskill, NY
A new level of cheating.
I just witnessed the biggest BULLSHIT call I've ever seen in baseball
Javale McGee runs back on defense… except his team still had the ball
Everytime I watch an NBA game on tv
Giants Playoff Scenario Is Bleak After Loss To Ravens [FIXED]
Dick Vitale with the Harry cut sitting behind Dick Vitale
What a dunk!
Mickey Mantle's legacy just reached a whole new level
The Worst Contract In Sports History Begins Today: The New York Mets gave 48-year-old third baseman Bobby Bonilla a $1,193,248 check today – and will have to give him another one every July 1 for the next 25 years.

NCAA colleges should consider offering sports as an academic major - The Washington Post
Hines Ward to retire as Steeler for life
Brewers closer John Axford blows first save in 50 chances, leaves hilarious note for the media [image]
What the Spurs dynasty reveals about America
NBC Neglected the Saddest Story in the Olympics
So a bunch of kangaroos interrupted a golf tournament in Australia. Such a Cliché 
Does anyone else not give a shit about NFL preseason?
The Dallas Cowboys forgot to renew their domain name.
North Carolina basketball coach Roy Williams confirmed that his Tar Heels will travel to San Diego next season to play Michigan State on an aircraft carrier...BADASS!!!
Hey NBA
Wrong club choice?
I don't think this send the right message.
I knew Kyle Williams' name sounded very familiar...
Graphical representation of just how dominant Tiger Woods is at the moment
Seattle Mariners great Ichiro Suzuki quietly donates 100 million yen ($1.23M) to relief efforts in Japan. I don't know much about baseball, but this guy has class.
Tebowing, you're doing it right. Omar Cummings after game-winning goal in MLS playoffs.
Baltimore Ravens broadcaster Gerry Sandusky is not Jerry Sandusky
Happy 100th Fenway Park!  This panorama was taken on the night my son yelled Play Ball!
The Best Sports Halloween Costume of 2010 [pic]
Really, ESPN?
1/11/11: Cleveland gets beat by LA by 55 pts, Lebron tweets Karma's a bitch. 3/29/11: the 15-58 Cavs crush the Heat, 102-90. Come everyone, say it with me...
Acrobatic Out
D-Rose: 9.8
How NFL fans feel when their team loses the first game of the season.
My mustache got me into ESPN The Magazine! (I'm on the right)
Former Penn State football coach Jerry Sandusky attempted to rape a child at least 16 times in Sandusky's basement while his wife ignored the screams for help
NL MVP Ryan Braun of Milwaukee Brewers tests positive for performance-enhancing drug, faces 50 game ban
Just realized...
Having already lost 4 QBs to injury, Maryland's starting quarterback this week will be a linebacker from the scout team. If he gets hurt, a tight end will call the signals.
Colin Kaepernick wrote a letter to himself when he was 7 years old saying he wanted to play for the 49ers when he grew up.
Oregon's helmets for their Spring game.
Toronto trying to turn the CN Tower into world's biggest goal light when the Leafs score in the playoffs
Open Letter to Fans from Cavaliers Majority Owner Dan Gilbert, bashes Lebron
Andre Johnson and Cortland Finnegan rip each other's helmets off and fight
I can't get enough of this guy
Slight Reminder: Tom Brady 0-3 in last 3 playoff games..
So Lebron....
How do you stop a no-huddle offense that’s storming down the field? If you’re the New York Giants, you fake an injury.
Jimmy Kimmel’s “Unplug The TV During The Super Bowl” Challenge went as expected
The Holy Trinity - Elway, Gretzky, Jordan
He said he could die happy now.  I was sitting right behind him.  When we won, he cried.
For those of you who love to laugh at Bryce Harper
Jo Morgan beast TD
My boss knows I'm a fan of the Thunder, he just gave me this!!
Umpire Jim Joyce just denied a no name pitcher a perfect game.
Goblins
DAE think Mel Kiper Jr. looks like a pompous  jackass?
The most amazing fact about the US's 120+2 minute goal was not Abby Wambach's header, but that Megan Rapinoe served a perfect 30-yard pass using her non-dominant left foot.
Coach Belichick tells his team what he thinks
Seems legit...
Worst cheapshot I have ever seen. Watch second base
Phil Humber Perfect Game
MLB Umpires Reverse Blown Call, World Does Not Collapse On Itself
One of the victims of this morning's shootings. RIP Jessica Redfield
The wreck at the nationwide race at Daytona on Saturday happened 15 feet in front of me
ESPN, Please stop this.
Phillies Sign Cliff Lee - 5 year deal
ESPN Experts.
I was watching the Yankee game tonight when I noticed something
Is It Time?
yikes
Congrats Montee Ball on setting College football history! 79 career touchdowns  
HURR
Patriots wide receiver Danny Amendola has pledged $100 per reception and $200 per every dropped pass this season to whatever Boston Marathon Relief Fund there is
Report: Steinbrenner dies at 80

Sporn [Pics]
Stay classy, Philadelphia Daily News.
Canada v. England; Soccer; Down 1 with Four Minutes Left; Canada's Goalie Shoots and Scores from the Midfield Line to Tie the Game.  Unbelievable.
Simplest explanation of American football
Someones upset about the series.
Gasol gets a ball to the face
Michael Jordan: I would not have called Larry and Magic and say let's play together. I wanted to beat them.
This guy is a soccer genius [gif]
Jay Cutler - Most Interesting QB in the NFL
Womens World Cup: Player picks up ball in the middle of play in front of own goal. No call by referee. WTF.
Rick Ankiel throws a pair of lasers to gun down baserunners.
It's been a better day to be a Tennessean
Flopping comes to (American) football.
Alex Morgan, US Women's soccer team, connects on a shot... to the face
Alex Morgan's knee to the face of the New Zealand keeper. Ouch! (gif)
Amazing 1 handed TD grab by OSU receiver Devin Smith. Catch of the year already?
Michael Phelps, the most decorated Olympian of all time, holed a 159-foot putt today at the Dunhill Links Championship in Scotland.
Listening to my friends talk about baseball
New York Times makes Hall of Fame statement with blank cover
Oregon's new basketball floor. Interesting to say the least.
Epic rugby celebration is epic.
Reebok needs to bring back Terry Tate ads.
Coincidence? 
Miami Sixers vs. Phillies on April 12th. This I gotta see.
Three-time U.S. Olympic runner/All-American girl/mother Suzy Favor-Hamilton has been working as a $600/hour call girl in Las Vegas
We should probably be happy we made it this far.
Yo Football Fans
Patriots send Moss to Vikings.
One of my good buddies who played jr. with me got a call out of the blue from the Coyotes last night to be their backup goalie. Hasn't laced up the pads in a year and due to an emergency the Yotes needed a backup from the area. 
Sick Wiffleball Pitches
Man Dunks Himself Through Hoop At Basketball Game
How I feel about the NBA's Noche Latina...
Take the touchback dammit!
Texas A&amp;M Aggies, ranked 15, just defeated the Alabama Crimson Tide, ranked 1, in our first year in the SEC! Whoop!
Pretty sure this is a sign of the apocalypse ...
Scumbag Saban
So During Yesterdays Media Day, ESPN Asked BenJarvus Green-Ellis My Question From Twitter. I Think Reddit Will Like The Question.
Jeremy Lin, an Asian-American Harvard graduate, couldn’t find a role in the league. Then he scored 53 points in two games for the Knicks.
It makes me irrationally angry that the Daily Show favicon looks like the Duke logo.
I'm no sport guru, but I think this is not the best picture...
Blake Griffin and Kevin Love have found some very interesting work during the NBA lockout...
Dear Cleveland Browns...
I'd say that was a fair trade for Evander Holyfield
High-Expectations A's-ian Father says...
I agree, Ray Lewis' retirement has sparked a great story. But where's the love for Ed Reed?!?
Bruin's player Gregory Campbell stays on ice to finish a penalty kill despite breaking his leg
Winnipeg is very excited for the return of the NHL. This is a PRACTICE.
DAE just want to skip straight to the NBA playoffs?
Chris Bosh announces plans to spend NBA lockout playing basketball alone in driveway.
DAE miss when ESPN would report the sports news of the day and show some highlights without all the extra bullshit?
The man has got a point
Can't argue with (seemingly pointless) statistics.
TIL in 1943 the Philadelphia Eagles and Pittsburgh Steelers combined teams due to a loss of players to the war. The result? The Steagles.
Dear Poker.  You are not a sport, you are a card game.  You do not belong on ESPN.  GTFO.  That is all.
Woman who accused the Duke Lacrosse players of rape now officially charged with murder
This guy does a drawing after every Mets game. Here is the one for last nights game.
One of these is not like the other....
With all of this talk about Tebow and God, I think we are all forgetting who the lords favorite player truly is... 
I hate that I had to update this, but as a Chicago sports fan lately this about says it all
Seems about right
My mom just had a meeting with Lebron James. This is what she thought of him.
The Finals In A Picture
Joe Buck is just the worst.
Jim Thome hits the 600 home run mark.  Only the 8th player in MLB history.
Anyone else see Calvin Johnson get robbed of a game winning td?!
8-yr-old wearing Jets jersey tackled by adult Cleveland Browns fan after Sunday's game.
Ray Allen's Mom Consoling Spike Lee Wearing a Silly Hat.
Taj Gibson with a ridiculous dunk
Shaquille O'Neal joining Charles Barkley on TNT 
For anyone who hasn't seen it, check out the sweet new Winnipeg Jets' logo. Even as a MN Wild fan I really like it.
And on that day, not a single fuck was given...
Thank you, Sports Illustrated. Thank you.
Saturday Night Live nails it on ridiculous bowl game names and sponsors
Who won  the NFC Championship? [X-post from AdviceAnimals]
Why yes, 3 release moves in a row WILL get you a gold medal
Please keep Devon Walker in your thoughts. He was revived on the football field with a broken neck and collapsed lung.
Mike Brown FIRED
How happy they are to be 76ers
  Mississippi State University Cancelled Classes Today Because They Have A Football Game Tonight
Tim Tebow's prayers are answered
Neil deGrasse Tyson goes all physics on baseball
Houston and Cincinnati have fallen, it is only a matter of time before we are all assimilated
Adrian Peterson on the cover of Sports Illustrated this week.
Ravens LB Ray Lewis to retire at the end of the season
End homophobia in professional sports: Column by Brendon Ayanbadejo (x-post from r/nfl)
Sports Illustrated unveils a sports-themed Game of Thrones map
1988 (pic)
NFL.com Power Rankings. Check out #21
Story of a man who lost 3.7 mil in life savings, lost a playoff game, lost his job, and had his daughter fight cancer.  Came back like a boss.
High Five Bro!
A Chiefs fan's Christmas list
Comedy Central just got a lot better
Joe Montana's son, QB Nate Montana, transfers to the University of . . . Montana.
This is what a real life NFL Playbook looks like [PDF]
Two direct quotes from Jerry Sandusky's interview with NBC (airing tonight at 10pm)...
Media hypocrisy at its finest? ESPN roasting Paterno for not reporting abuse, meanwhile they've had tapes confirming Bernie Fine was abusing kids since 2003 and DIDN'T REPORT IT
Golf greatest player has died: Kim Jong Il leaves us with his golf legacy 
I Calculated The Number Of NFL Players Each State Produces Per Capita And Made A Chart Ranking Them. (x-post from /r/CFB)
This pretty much sums up how Nationals fans are feeling right now.
NFL Kickoff is Currently Having a Princess Bride Quote Sneaking Contest Between the Hosts
Rutgers has terminated the contract of Mike Rice.
Celtics beat Miami Heat for the second time. Paul Pierce: It's been a pleasure to bring my talents to South Beach
DAE think that it's your fault when you flip to your team on TV and they start losing?
Nike takes out full page ad for Dirk in Dallas Morning News.
Rangers vs. Cardinals would be an epic match-up for this region of the country
Escort services see 30% decline in wake of NBA lockout
NBA on TNT Christmas Promo... amazing
Poor guy
My view at today's game from right behind home plate...
Went to the Pistons game yesterday against the Miami Heat, ran into Dominic Raiola, center from the Detroit Lions. 
Detroit Free Press forgets which Michigan school is in the National Championship
Kevin Durant's hidden tattoos helps to keep him marketable. (Link in comments)
Tiger [pic]
Finals Joy
Odd college basketball tradition at Taylor University:  stay silent until the 10th point, then go nuts.
Overconfident Dolphins Already Talking About Going Perfect 0-16
this brought tears to my eyes
RVPS fabulous second goal VS Villa
How NOT to impress your girlfriend at a baseball game
The Ace
Jesus Christ Claims Tim Tebow Not Ready To Be NFL Starter
Every time a Lions defensive lineman realized he was lined up against Frank Omiyale
In the wake of the Penn State scandal, they were going to remove a statue of Joe Paterno from campus, but instead...
The Red Wings motto this season.
Another 15 seed wins! Lehigh over Duke!
I miss this show so much.
Shaq reacts after finding out he got fined $35K, Keven Garnett lends a crying shoulder.
Joey Chestnut ate 62 hot dogs today. Takeru Kobayashi ate 69.
Looks like The U is done for...
Report is Pujols to Angels. 10yrs $250-260million
Mempis
Why Title 9 is a joke...
This has to be the strangest sport injury ever
Rex Ryan's thoughts on the Patriots scoring three touchdowns in a jaw-dropping 52-second span. [gif]
Cowboys running back Marion Barber donates $500,000 worth of computers to Dallas ISD high schools
Kevin Durant electrifies Rucker Park. 
Jerry Sandusky Horrified By Behavior Of Rutgers Basketball Coach (The Onion)
AWWWWWW YYYYYEEEEAAAAAAA
Randy Moss decides to retire
Michigan stuns Notre Dame, scores the game-winning touchdown with 2 seconds remaining.
NBA'S FIRST SLEEVED JERSEY UNVEILED
True story. RIP Jerry. 
The Chicago Blackhawks win the Stanley Cup!
Who else is sick of the BCS? Playoff format please!
No athlete has been more honest about Cleveland than Ichiro.
Peyton Manning will miss the entire season
Rubio And Love Celebration
Charles Barkley: ‘There Were Only Ever 3 Straight NBA Players’ (The Onion)
This time last year, the Cavs were 50-12 and people claim Lebron had absolutely no help. Today the Heat are 43-20 with all the help $ and collusion can buy.
LAKERS DOWN 3-0 TO MAVS | Lose 98-92 in Game 3!
If Aaron Rodgers would have switched to Allstate...
If you don't follow hockey, you're really missing out on the story of the year.
xpost from /r/Seahawks: Are you FUCKING kidding me NFL Network?!? (for Non Seahawks fans: what's wrong with the headline at the bottom of the page)
No matter who wins the Finals, this is going to forever be my favorite that has to do with OKC this season.
The best wide receiver of all time @ Mississippi Valley State.
Linking to ESPN? I propose using the print link.
First Penn State... now Syracuse. I hope your ready College Sports world... it's only going to get worse from here. :(
I voted on ESPN's poll, interested in the results and couldn't believe the near perfect divide.
Its hapenning: Usain Bolt will get a trial with Manchester United, fulfilling a childhood dream and generating lots of publicity
Danica Patrick might as well just give up at this point
Great picture of Alex Zanardi after winning Paralympic gold. 
Thank you, Paul George
Phillies release team photo of starting pitchers less than 24 hours after signing Cliff Lee. 
This team was soooooooo stacked.
Randy Moss says he's done. Confirming what 32 NFL teams tacitly hinted towards him by not signing him. 
Bud Selig (MLB Commish), Fidel Castro, &amp; Peter Angelos (Orioles Owner) watching an MLB exhibition game in Cuba... 
Just don't get in the way of Lebron
Sergio Garcia climbs tree to hit his second shot
Nothing says Football
I know college football just started, but this is my nominee for officiating call of the year. [vid]
Hope Solo's cover shot for ESPN Mag Body Issue (NSFW-ish)
DAT PASS
Von Miller inspired me to make a top five Funky Chicken gif
Close enough
The strike begins...bring in Keanu!
Louisville coach Rick Pitino followed through on his promise to get a tattoo if Louisville won the championship. OP Delivered
Talk about camaraderie...Texas Rangers locker room celebrates ALDS win with soda over the traditional champagne to include recovering alcoholic (and possible MVP) Josh Hamilton
Am I the only person who thinks Danica Patrick is not pretty, not hot, and wishes her sexy commercials would go away?
350lbs SHIRTLESS ANDRE SMITH RUNNING THE 40YRD DASH...enough said
Take a brow 
Homecoming queen kicks winning field goal.
Kevin Durant Plays Flag Football in Oklahoma
History Lesson
I'm no expert, but that doesn't look like Peyton Manning.
Anthony davis in middle school
The Onion accurately calls out all of the NFL fans
Von Miller stole my dance move!
MVPeterson Poster
Tonight the Red Wings-Blackhawks series kicks off. Today my mom met the best player that ever played for both these teams.
OMG! Black Eyed Peas Live Was a Horrible Idea!
This is how we do March Madness (crosspost from /r/pics)
NFL Redivision
Bill Simmons Gets It.
DAE hate how much sportscenter focuses on twitter commments these days?
Honest logos from all NFL teams [x-post from r/nfl]
fastest rugby player ever?
Tiger Woods is number 1 in the world again with a win at the Arnold Palmer Invitational at Bay Hill
Fixed BCS
Troll Rodgers
Players, owners agree to deal to end NFL lockout

Even their own state hates them
How the BBC crushed NBC and brought Olympics coverage into the future
FSU fan doesn't understand how mirrors work
The Chicago Blackhawks have not lost a single regulation game in 16 games, giving them the best winning streak in NHL history. Congratulations Hawks!
Is SportsCenter trying to tell me I need an intervention?
NBA Finals 2011
DAE hate the one game wildcard the MLB introduced this year?
The Rex Ryan/Mark Sanchez era
Marshawn Lynch's Tecmo Bowl Run 
With the NBA being jerks i say we bring this back....SLAMBALL
Meanwhile in Ireland...
This is why he is known as 'Beast Mode' [X-Post /r/nfl]
This ESPN bulletin made me feel really old.
what playing for the orioles does for you
I don't think Rickey Henderson is worried.
Tim Tebow told to Shut the f*ck up after requesting everyone pray at the NFL combine. You ain't in Gainesville anymore, Timmy.
USA ROBBED by the referee.  What a shame.
Who cares about the Black Eyed Peas and Christina?  Aaron Rodgers should be the top Super Bowl discussion.
This might be the best lead story picture ESPN.com has ever had
I'm not saying Anthony Davis is a vampire, but I'm not saying he isn't...
Jerry Sandusky sentenced to 30-60 years in prison
Is this the most inappropriate piece of sports journalism ever? Keep your opinions to yourself Rick and let the kid do as he feels.
Brendan Ryan hits an infield triple.
Watch me watching myself on SportsCenter's Top-Ten list last week. Life = Complete.
Barry Sanders leaping over Colorado line
It's called business. And the Jets have been giving Tebow the business all season. Now he gives it back ... and some of you people are upset with him?
Winnipeg church board picking sides (xpost r/hockey)
Gregg Popovich's Celebration GIF
Video of the Metrodome collapsing
The Always Eloquent Devin Hester
I've been waiting my whole life to say this
How much differently do you think Tebow would be portrayed in the media if he was Muslim?
Lin and Kobe going at it
Lil Wayne gets banned from NBA, blames Miami Heat
The espn alert that finally made me cancel my subscription
Joe Adams' Play (fixed with rage abuse) (x-post from r/funny)
Portland Fans
I guess this was banned?
My usual reaction to hockey fights
When Bubba wins it's time to celebrate.
Tony Hawk did a 900 again.
They probably don't even realize how much they are hurting their sport in this country
Because there was no You're Fucking Kidding Right? button...
Knicks Doctors Continue Carefully Reinjuring Carmelo Anthony's Groin
If you look closely, you can see the exact moment that Florida's heart breaks
Police: KC Chiefs player kills girlfriend then kills self
Great sports gif, or greatest sports gif? (NSFW)
Tebow-ritto.
Caleb Moore dies after X games crash
So apparently im here with 40.000 swedes watching bandy
No Fun League?
The NBA is a $3-billion industry. It has global reach. The lack of discipline, the free-spending and irresponsible behavior of ownership, are the only reasonable justifications for 22 teams allegedly losing a combined $300 million. The economy is bad. The incompetence of NBA ownership is worse.
Damn you Bill Clinton...he gets away with anything. 
Joe Paterno Did Nothing To Stop Child Sex Abuse: Independent Report
The Detroit Lions -- never one to miss a chance to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory -- accidentally email their entire 2011 NFL draft plans to every other team in the league
Saw this guy at a Lions game a couple years ago. Not quite as relevant now, but still a hilarious jersy 
Wtf.. Lingerie Basketball league, Miami Spice's logo looks oddly familiar..
Shaquille O'Neal announces retirement.
Pau Gasol needs to work on those hands
Justin Tuck shredder face mask. 
Seeing this everyday makes me so sad
From /r/arresteddevelopment...Uncanny.
Dear God those jerseys...what do you all think?
Google knows what's up in Cleveland
Someone finally destroyed the curse. 
Well that's not very nice, CNN.
I don't care if you like soccer or not; this goal is BRILLIANT.
My 2012 campaign video. Yes, I still skate... a lot. Here's proof.
Gingerbread Metrodome
In 1950, the Eagles head coach dismissed the Browns' shredding of his  defense by saying, All they do is pass the ball. In the teams' subsequent meeting a few months later, the Browns set an NFL record by attempting no passes in a 13–7 win over the Eagles.
BOOM, MUTHAFUCKER! -- Jim Schwartz, Detroit Lions Head Coach
how it must feel to be a pats fan right now
I feel the same way whenever I listen to Skip Bayless.
Miguel Cabrera wins first Triple Crown since 1967
This isn't photoshopped
Check out my new dart board.
The Footage the NFL Won't Show You
I asked my dad how he deals with switching back and forth between three different NCAA games...
RIP Al Davis of the Oakland Raiders
Today in awkwardly timed sports pictures…
What the f*ck does that mean Kobe Bryant?
Carmelo's Playing Well
Steph Curry, the net does not move
Cowboys Award 6-Year, $108 Million Extension To Super Bowl–Watching Quarterback Tony Romo | The Onion
Too soon, BCC... too soon
I would've been so much happier if Magic Mike was a doc. about these guys.
I'm a sports cartoonist, and I've updated my obituary cartoon of Paterno in heaven with Bear Bryant.  
Soccer officials are blind cunts to deny England that goal. Just saying...
Jordan Responds To LeBron's 'Rise'
My roommate got this tattoo last week.  He's definitely not a fair-weathered fan.
NBA: Where crying happens
This team beat the Patriots, on the road.
Is Jeremy Lin for real? America says yes, South Dakota says no.
Looks like Riley and Zo got burned by StubHub
Joe Mauer came to my work to sign autographs today. I asked him to sign my favorite picture of him. Great success
Felix vs. The Red Sox
being a Philly fan right now
First one to find these pics wins.
This surprised me; Kansas? Not that the majority of the US is uninterested in European football, but that Kansas is.
NBA player grants a dying woman's wish, makes me cry
3 Fights in 4 seconds and 2 goals in the first 1:20... Best. Sport. Ever.
How I feel having to wait an extra hour to watch football today...
No, St. Louis fans aren't bitter...
Panthers Admit To Paying Bounties To Anyone Who Could Make A Tackle
Socially Awkward Ichiro...
Say what you want about America, this shit wouldn't be tolerated in stadium full of 100,000+ people.
Jerome Simpson full flip over defender for a touchdown
What a difference seven months makes
Steve Nash to LA Lakers!
About as close as a call can physically get
Nike dumps Lance Armstrong
Don't show this to Jay Cutler!!![video]
Tebowing
Lee Corso drops the F bomb on GameDay
A look at Toronto fans as the collapse is completed with an OT Bruins goal
how i feel about opening day
I went to the Texans/Jets game last night.. It looks like the economy has hit some harder than others.
You can watch superbowl live on nbc, show some support for the first network doing something right on the internet
This is how you watch Survival Sunday.
Matt Cain pitches first perfect game in SF Giants history and 22nd of all time
Welcome to the SEC
TIL Barry Sanders' official 1988 Heisman trophy winning line of 2628 yards and 39 TDs in 11 games would actually be 2850 yards and 44 TDs in 12 games if bowls counted towards the official stats like they do now.
Just kidding.
Nevada: Always. Utah: NEVER!!!!
GHANA WINS 2-1 AGAINST THE US.
These were the comments that NBA fans said about Jeremy Lin when he was claimed by the Knicks last December. Now, he's an over-night star on the team.
Ireland's Boxer Paddy Barnes after losing to Zou Shiming 
Ian Kinsler slide
LeBron James' exact words in a 2006 issue of ESPN magazine.
Martin Brodeur explained by a school kid
Still the best NFL hit ever
Cards force game 7!
NBA has the best fans
Scumbag sports network.
San Francisco Giants win the World Series!
Anybody else notice this with ESPN?
Pardon The Interruption FUUU-
What if Michael Vick were....an ACTUAL Eagle?
ESPN did The Top 10 Peyton Manning moments this morning. This moment was inexplicably absent.
Just Brian Wilson and his glorious beard
You guys don't go to many baseball games, huh?
I proposed a rule change to the NFL.  What do you think?
Josh Beckett's 1st world problem
Logoland senior living
Clowney Hit vs Michigan 2013 Outback Bowl 
Hey, Boise State: I hate your blue football field and your matching uniforms, I can't even watch you on TV.
Stay Classy Auburn
Troy Tulowitzki hits the same pitch twice in one swing.
Really NFL shop? What male football fan is buying and wearing these?!
Penn State to Discontinue Singing of 'Sweet Caroline' at Games Due to 'Touching Me, Touching You' Lyrics


Sad Jayhawk is sad
Just me doing a Lambeau Leap, nothing to see here
Steve Nash decides it's appropriate to do a little juggling down 13 against the Celtics
What Tebow is thinking right now.
What do you do when you're drunk at 3 AM and have won your fantasy league in back to back years?  Make this and mail copies to your friends...
Worst Football Card Ever
Are You a Cornball Brother? Where do you rank on Rob Parker's Scale of Blackness?
The perfect summary of the first two rounds of Euro 2012
Yeah, this pretty much describes the Kansas City 
Chiefs' season.
Being from Cincinnati... it's rough. (first post)
I'd pay to see this
ESPN's Jemele Hill in a nutshell
You've got to be kidding me. (x-post from r/gifs)
How Kentucky Fans Reacted When Duke Lost Yesterday
Lebron's Hairline [Fixed]
Just an Anthony Davis portrait made out of Kix and Reese's Puffs
8-9
I see what you did there MLS
Hands-down, the best sack (football) I've seen all year.  [vid]
Yes, Tiki and Ronde Barber really allowed this picture to happen.
Apparently the wave is very looked down upon at Texas Rangers Ballpark in Arlington!  (In game warning to fans on the video screen)  
Peyton Manning refuses a huge bump in salary - wants Colts to keep current players + find new ones
Subtle, Yahoo. 
ESPN is really trying to give the Eagles a chance huh....
Kurt Warner says Tim Tebow should cool it a bit with the God talk
So I was watching the Heat vs. Bulls game and...
Pacquiao - Marquez 4 Result
Anyone in New York or Tampa wanna go golfing next Sunday?  Sometime between 7-9 maybe?
Pssst.... Reddit Logo Gods. The Green Bay Packers have never worn a yellow (gold) jersey. Ever.
Don't worry Ricky. ESPN Deportes still thinks you're the Rookie of the Year.
University of Minnesota football
Sneaky Julian Gamble
MLB
Florida player stays on the field to sing alma mater by himself after loss
How Bosh of the Miami Heat came to be. My girlfriend made this.
Go home ESPN. You're drunk.
Thanks guys, for redeeming Minnesota sports
Because Lidstrom wants another.
19 wins in a row and 9-0 in the playoffs, you say?
The classy letter that Coach K wrote to Michael Jordan in 1980 when he heard that MJ wouldn't be coming to Duke.
An uneasy compromise between my girlfriend and me. 
67yo woman, blind from birth, regularly travels two hours by train, foot and subway, to Yankee Stadium. This day, the Yankees went with her.
Lebron's 4-step layup
Broncos MVP
I'm sure this makes the LA Kings feel really loved
Sadly, this is the NBA team I root for -- a team that screws up a 3 on 1 fast break.  [vid]
Bob Costa and his Stupid PSA
Anyone who has ever played a team sport knows how it feels when your career finally ends. This is why I played. This is my family.
LeBron James should play hockey, they don't have a fourth [quarter]. - John Anderson, ESPN Anchor
Carson Palmer is giving up $11.5 MILLION just so he doesn't have to play for the Bengals anymore.
Marquette sets NCAA record for points scored in a half.
He's not even Tebow'ing
I think this sums up the two boxers tonight pretty well
Staring at myself in the mirror after showering by Steve Smith
NBA Is Rigged? Fan Shows Some Suspect Proof The NBA Needs Lakers In The Playoffs (x-post from r/videos)
Muggsy Bogues and Manute Bol before a game in 1987. 
As a Sonics fan, it feels nice to have (most of) the nation on our side
a picture of the two greatest rebounders of the last 50 years (according to many north koreans)
The Bruins certainly know how to celebrate!
T-minus 1 week until we get to listen to this man make mostly inaccurate statements with no accountability for three days.
Mark Cuban Destroys Skip Bayless on First Take
Hank Hill: the original Tim Tebow
USA BEATS ITALY AFTER 82 YEARS!
Best first pitch EVER.
TIL Wilt Chamberlain ended racism in Lawrence, Kentucky.
Rough look at what I imagine the Mavs' parade will be like.
Joe Paterno's statute is currently being removed
Who is a better Christian?
Giants take the Superbowl, 17-14 over Patriots!!!!!!!
Anyone watching the MSU/FSU game saw the cheerleader go down... Her dad's facebook post is priceless
What the new Panthers logo reminded me of. (Warning: '90s reference)
For any baseball fan. Today is....
Ichiro's the throw - this video piqued my interest in baseball
And, yourrrrrr OUT!
The face was on Jimmy Fallon 
Someone is a little bitter
If you go to the Seahawks game this weekend, order a SMALL beer.
While the NFL is arguing over who gets which cut of their billion dollar business, Kansas City's MLS team just donated the name of their $100+ million dollar stadium and $7.5 million cash to the LiveStrong foundation, which fights cancer. Suck on that publicity, NFL.
Macho Man Randy Savage dies in car accident.
Mavs win!!!
News Flash!  MLB teams outside of New York &amp; Boston do exist, despite the AP wire's obvious obsession.
And then I normally switch over to Mike and Mike...
How I picture Tebow if he goes to New York.
Proudest moment of my life. Helping coach the smallest team in the conference to the title. I'm in the light green shirt, for those wondering.
Good Guy Donald Driver
I don't watch tennis much, but after watching this I now understand why Roger Federer is so amazing.  INCREDIBLE (vid).  
Cleveland Browns run incredible fake punt in their upset over the Saints.
ESPN knows its soccer
The Non-American's Guide to American Football (crosspost from /r/cfb)
Superbowl Prediction
Silly NY Giants, you don't belong in the freezer!
Hey, Red Sox fans!
The best soccer dive I've ever seen
Why would you ever think Seattle SuperSonics fans are bitter?
Good Guy Football resets itself at 20 yard line on touchback
Of all the goddamned shirts to wear to work today, I wore this one...
The Heat Have Gone Retro
Joe Pa passes away after battling a 2 month cancer fight
As seen at Six Flags St. Louis.
Tim Tebow's Continued Success is Making me Believe in God
Terrell Suggs calls Skip Bayless a Douchebag First Take
How I feel as a Lion's fan for the past 4 decades...
How I feel when I'm talking to someone about football and they say something like You mean handegg or Its not really football.
We need to go deeper.
F**k it. Enjoying it while it lasts.
Why Not Zoidberg? x-post from AdviceAnimals
TIL that the Boston Red Sox are 0-13 on Ben Affleck's birthday since the release of Good Will Hunting. 
Yao Ming Retires, Suddenly Ending His NBA Career
I'm a huge Steeler fan and I know this kinda stuff is all in fun, but when I see grown men posting this on facebook, I just gotta shake my head. 
First thing I saw when I tuned into the par-3 contest
Netherlands beats Brazil 2-1! Insane!
How does this hack still have a job?
I'm a little late but here is my submission to best love story on TV
As a Baylor alumnus and life-long Cowboys fan, this is my greatest fear.
This is all I see when an NBA player wears an orthopaedic face mask...
NHL 13 is so realistic it has an actual representation of the New Jersey Devils fan base
LeBron, how many points are you going to score?
Cleveland Responds To The Lebron James Nike Commercial (VIDEO)
WTF Happened?
This has to be the most insensitive sports headline I've ever seen.
Every Lakers Fan
Seriously...
So it begins...
Unfortunate goal
Perfectly describes today's NFL games.
Nice footwork.
For those of you who have never had the pleasure, I present the Overconfident Jeremy Shockey.gif.
Any professional athlete who gets on TV or radio and says he never played with a gay guy is a stone-freakin’ idiot. - Charles Barkley
Home Run Derpy
Amazing Little League web gem
World Map of Sports Popularity Based by Region (x-post from r/CFB)
What now?
Is Chipper Jones a legitimate Hall of Fame candidate?
What I hate about ESPN right now...
Get out there and show me how hungery you are!
Joe Frazier passes away at 67
Chris Bosh's Secret
So I was playing MLB 12 The Show when my worst nightmare became reality.
Dear ESPN, if a game starts at 10am, please don't tell me it starts at 9:30am, just so I can watch 10 minutes of commentary and 20 of commercials.
Pretty impressive goal to say the least
Greatest Name Ever
ESPN oops... (lower left hand corner)
It's hard being a small-market team... [OC]
Brittney Griner comes out as being gay
I find Chad Ochocinco annoying on the football field; I would, however, love to see him replace Chris Hansen on To Catch a Predator.
For the NFL, it's just like old times!
I think I see your problem, Chipper.
Hey Reddit! Help Detroit in the Recession, sign this petition to ban Nickelback from Lions Halftime Show
This always bothers me when I listen to Mike and Mike.
Oh, Fox News.
The Chiefs are so bad they actually killed a man
Ed Reed is getting old...
DeAndre Jordan: Dunk so filthy he disgusted himself
LA Dodgers player Matt Kemp signs a baseball for a disabled fan... then does something remarkable (x-post from r/UpliftingNews)
College baseball players make the most of a rain delay, turn to medieval sports.
David Freese, he is 2 of the Cardinals best 3 players...
Don't think I've ever seen SportsCenter so easily explained.
Dear ESPN.  I don't understand why you choose to show Arkansas spring game and ignore Barca vs Real Madrid 
Euro Cup Optical Illusion
He's got a point.
DMX Approves of the Braves recent transaction
Scumbag Bengals
ESPN the last week...
One of my biggest sports pet peeves is listening to people talk about how they think hitting a major league pitch is an easy thing to do.
Hey NFL, I love boobs, and breast cancer awareness is great but you're main audience is dying at a far higher rate from heart disease... why don't you prioritize?
Anyone else ready to be done looking at this guy?
What a game!
I can't be the only one who noticed this....who are you trying to fool Lebron?
Walked in and my wife had womens basketball on TV
Baylor Breaks NCAA most wins in season record
Suh's leg whip... Dirty or not?
I got sick of ESPN.com. So I redesigned it last night.
Just an old pic of Clyde Drexler
The Rangers fan reaction says it all.
A lot has changed since then...
I'm just going to put Wisconsin in my Elite 8.........
Today is my Reddit birthday and all I want is the Sonics to come back to Seattle. :(
Our prayers have been answered! ESPN finally stops autoplaying videos!!!
That UCLA - Stanford game got out of hand quickly...
High above Lambeau Field 11/4/11
Actually ESPN, I think that's EXACTLY what it's about.
NBA finalizes procedures to penalize flopping... Your move, soccer.
To everyone clamoring for FOX to get rid of the annoying robot mascot during football games, I have some bad news for you: Joe Buck is going nowhere.
New Cleveland Browns official logo
Todd Haley (Possibly NSFW)
Dear Notre Dame fans, this is a good example of why the rest of us hate you [FB]...
i may not like chicago sports teams as a boston team fan but this made me smile
Bow down.
Brad Childress fired. 
How I feel about opening day
I wonder how LeBron is feeling
Tim Duncan, the greatest power forward of all time. 4x champion, 3x finals MVP, 2x  NBA MVP, 13x all star, 9x first team all NBA, 8x all defensive first team, rookie of the year, college player of the year, the list goes on and on
St. Louis Cardinals win World Series!
The Washington Wizards
32 years ago today a miracle happened 
Spurs big 3 with Pop, then and now. Amazing!
Who else thinks that these guys are one of the best things that ever happened to NBA broadcasting?
Terry's a good guy...
Everyone In Chicago After the Win Against the Heat Last Night.
Let's invite Japanese baseball to play in the US while they rebuild! (Great idea by Frank DeFord)
This was the story for the past five minutes on Sportscenter, surely a new low
Merry Christmas, Dad. I'm just the worst kind of son.
Great new ESPN Michael Jordan commercial: It's not crazy. It's sports. 
This might be the best sports-related GIF I've ever seen.
Green Bay Replacement Weatherman
Penn State Players All Worried They're Going To Be The One Who Accidentally Kills Joe Paterno
Separated at birth
What sports leagues are the most balanced? What teams are the most dominant? A global comparison.
NFL QB Facebooking
Another dirty play by Ndamukong Suh
Celtics Beat the Heat in Season Opener!
Taking a 100 million dollar nap.
The NFL's Circle of Life (crossposted from /r/NFL)
Think about all the people that got fired over this. 
I feel like this picture sums up Tiger's importance to diversity in golf
Probably the best 69yard TD run I've seen in a while.
Scumbag ESPN
RGlll
If he can handle the psychological pressure, he may become one of the greatest athletes the sport has ever seen. 
If you hate the Harlem Shake, you'll love this video from the Minnesota Timberwolves.
Is Wayne Brady gonna have to Djokovic?  Thank you for that gem, ESPN.
The face of a champion
This is really sweet, I wish more athletes were like this
Biggest FAIL I've ever seen in any sport. Ever.
The poor performance of these two have made the NBA playoffs almost unwatchable
Guy picks his beer over his girlfriend on the Kiss Cam
LeBron Circa 2016 (xpost from r/nba)
Saw this on Facebook this morning
Go fuckyoursel mayweather..Seriously.
Reddit, it's true! Tim Tebow is an asshole...
Dear NBC, Fuck you for putting a worldwide sporting event on a tape delay and making me stay offline in order to avoid spoilers. Fuck you very much.
Well that lasted a long fucking time
This always makes me laugh
Larry Bird on whether current Olympic team could beat Dream Team: They probably could. I haven't played in 20 years and we're all old now.
Sick Percy Harvin touchdown
Best Greg Jennings Picture? 
The NBA may be back but it's still dead to me.
Introducing the Washington Redskins logo guy
The reason I can't always watch ESPN
This is why FGCU is my new favorite team of all time
Another day as a USA Soccer Fan. 
With the Tebow release and Lakers sweep: Abandon all hope, ye who turn on ESPN this week
The real Tim Tebow: anti gay, anti choice, and a very unexceptional QB who owes a great deal to a teammate who is very good at kicking long fieldgoals when Tim can't get near the red zone.
American sport.
The Whole Nine Yards.
LeBron James posterizing Jason Terry
SportsCenter tweeted this after the SD-LA brawl last night
I know most of you don't care about soccer, but this is total bullshit...Russia is bad enough, but fucking Qatar???
That's right people. The San Francisco Giants are going to the World Series!
The Green Bay Packers have won the 2011 NFL Superbowl. 
Cundiff for the rest of his life.
Well damn.
Mohammed Ali dodging punches
A politician's blasphemous football jersey. I'd expect this to anger more Iowans than appease
Wait a second...what exactly is it that you think we think ESPN?
I guess it's that time of year again
How Cavs fans are rooting for the Thunder
We Were...
The Wichita State Shockers mascot ಠ_ಠ
As a Red Sox fan, this was the only thing worth watching this weekend ...
A Chicago Bears Fan's Guide To American Football
If Tim Tebow has a thought...(xpost from r/nfl)
Universal sign that it's a slow week for sports
Poor Jets
Would the media treat Tim Tebow differently if he was a bear?
ESPN just spent three minutes on this. 
Who's ready for some enthusiastic NFL analysis by Shannon Sharpe?
The Tim Duncan Trollface
Drafting Andrew Luck
Saints Unveil New Uniforms
DAE hate this guy?
The Eagles came back down at halftime 24-3 to win 38-31! DeSean Jackson punt return touchdown to win the game with 14 seconds left.
11 hours.
It's my understanding that College Gameday inspects signs before admission to the on-camera area.  They clearly didn't look at this one close enough.
I was bored. Here is a map of the NFL, based around the distance between the two intradivisional teams that are the farthest away from eachother.
Still my favorite Brett Favre moment of all time
Boston Bruins : 2011 NHL Stanley Cup Champions
Baron Davis suffers worst sports injury known to man
Showing off. (x-post from /r/gifs)
I saw a lot of great shirts at the Badger v. OSU game on Saturday, but this had to be one of the best.
Just Another Day In Miami
Most unintentionally hilarious picture in the history of sports
Best play of the bowl season (from Fiesta Bowl)
Best 15 yard penalty of the season
Jerome Harrison failed physical and was not traded to Philadelphia. The reason he failed? A brain tumor. This trade saved his life.
DAE always misread the bottom score scroller on ESPN thinking there have been major upsets and drastic ranking changes before you realize it's women's basketball?
New Hornets Ecstatic To Be In New Orleans!
NHL LOCKOUT OVER!
Southern California sports fans
Spotted On The Subway
Sissy flopping soccer 
The problem with Lance Armstrong isn't the doping or lying about doping. It's that he tried to destroy the lives of people who knew the truth in the effort to protect his clean image.
If the NFL got into the soccer business
The worst thing about Lance Armstrong cheating is that knowing he cheated completely ruins the plot of Dodgeball.
After acquiring Peyton Manning, the Broncos changed their logo...
Every time Skip Bayless talks
LeBron James Is A Cocksucker
Cortland Innegan [PIC]
Ted Williams' strike zone
Crazy knockout.
ESPN + Sports Illustrated 
It's not OK for players, but universities? sure, why not. This is bullshit.
Who dat?
More men have walked on the moon (12) than men who have scored against Mariano Rivera (11) in the postseason.
Return of Jet-I -- New York Post outdoes itself...amazing [image]
Close enough.
The downside of having a good team
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAL USA!
Suck for Luck is officially ON!!
Incredible slo-mo of R.A. Dickey's dancing knuckleball
What I get from this picture: AFC stars are angry NFC quarterbacks are stoned.
David Stern is not gonna be happy about this
For Father's Day - one of my favorite sports photos ever.
Joe Paterno on the SMU scandal from 1987
This is definitely the smartest player in the NFL
Long before they were the big three
Stay Classy Miami fans. Uncalled for, i'm sure her life is hard.
He's still angry
Remember when we all hated this guy?
A perfect example of what it feels like to be a Miami sports fan (any sport, doesn't matter).
I just realized that the San Diego Chargers logo is actually a Toupee.
Meanwhile, at Redskins Park
Met my man Shaq Daddy at the Heat game the other night
That was the Best 4th Quarter of Football that i've ever seen...Props to both Teams. Niners man, wow!!
Funniest thing I've heard about Tebow last Sunday
Dallas with the HUGE comeback victory!!!!
Sportcenter Rant
Qatar Exposes FIFA corruption - Let's get the news out!!!
This is why I'm no longer a Raiders fan... Also, the scariest picture in the world
Map of college football fan domains in the US
Oh look, the Steelers beat the... uh... [pic]
Screw you ESPN
Someone at ESPN likes Game of Thrones.
7-9
Mark Sanchez's jersey number is 6, lost MNF game #666, has 6 TDs, 6 interceptions, a QB rating of 66.6, an average attempt of 6.6 yards, and his longest pass is 66 yards this season.
Poor Seattle
It's September 11, 2011. You know what that means!
Missed Patriots/Dolphins? This is what happened.
This ump seems a bit to close to Buster Posey....
Balls
How my roommate and his GF watch every hockey game..
My favorite Michael Jordan story.  (taken from Chamillionaire's Wikipedia)
Tim Tebow's email account has been hacked.  (Credit to Grantland)
DAE think this is the coolest thing to happen at a college football stadium this year? 
TIGERS WIN!!
This is a wonderful sight to see
Bitter New Yorkers
Lebron James has to figure this out.
OUCH! James Harden releases first pic after getting elbowed by Ron Artest
OFFICIAL MADDEN 12' COVER RELEASED
the conversation in which i explain tebow hype to my girlfriend using food
I was watching soccer, then this happened.
Scumbag Texas A&amp;M...
NHL season starts today, and no one seems to care...
Read the first comment.
Pic of a Dolphins defenseman during the Pats game
Jeremy Lin is an American.  This shit pisses me off...
San Francisco 49er Aldon Smith celebrates a 4th down sack the best way possible
Jeremy Lin : Most Points in 1st 4 Starts (More than AI and MJ)
Google, please do this to your sports section...
Between the three of you...
How to accept an offer from Michigan 
The 2013 Miami Marlins team photo
RIP NHL
Roy Hibbert is going to be a super star
Good Guy NHL, why I love hockey
Somehow, I'm not surprised, Mark Cuban.
This is how you get ejected with class. Also, can someone make this into an upvote gif?
Wayne Rooney's Bicycle Kick Goal vs. Man City
Nets PR Dept.
The only plausible explanation for a positive test result
If there is a God, it hates us all...
Mr. Quiggly predicted the Super Bowl... (xpost)
Junior Seau - RIP
I've had a vision and I can't shake it: NBA All-Star 1 on 1 tournament.  The 64 best players.  Single Elimination. Vegas.
Awesome pic of the Michigan State vs Tar Heels game on the USS Carl Vinson [3000x1891]
Enjoying it while it lasts
The biggest knot in sports.
Front page of the New York Post following Tiger's win
4-0 what!?!
The greatest athlete of my childhood [FIXED]
Ray Lewis is the greatest pre game dancer of all time - (gif)
He heard us!
Party at the Penn State Kicker's House (x-post from r/pennstateuniversity)
ESPN is polling its users to see if they care about specific stories so that they know what to run or not run on Sports Center...
USA WINS
Katt Williams on LeBron
Good Girl Serena Williams
The Lets all laugh at England thread
Pacers fans are brutal
A little something I noticed on Jadeveon Clowney's Wikipedia page…
ESPN doesn't give two shits about hockey.
Denver comes back from 15 to win.
ESPN First Take has been entirely about Tebow.  Do us all a favor New England and destroy Denver so this madness can end.
This made me laugh for a full minute.
Red Sox Collapse: The Truth Sucks
Probably the most missed man in America right now... [xpost /r/pics]
This is the Celtic's newest draft pick... 
Alabama face guy?  Miss Maroney is not impressed
Marshawn Lynch just turned on God mode
What a front-runner.
ESPN covers up child molestation evidence for 9 years. 
The manliest penalty in hockey. [PIC]
Yu Darvish's pitching repertoire overlapped in one gif. (X-post /r/baseball credit to /u/DShep for making it)
They should have thought about using a different phrase. 
Favre!  Favre!  Favre!  Favre!  Favre!  Favre!  Favre!  Favre!  Favre!  Favre!  
How I feel when I read comments in /r/Sports.
Paterno Fired
“I don’t need to flop,” LeBron James said. “I play an aggressive game. I don’t flop. I’ve never been one of those guys.”
The best class of all time
Women's soceer goal! Appropriate male reaction...
Mayweather Special
How is only one of these an issue?
This guys got it right
Iron Mike nearly takes a head off with uppercut
This is just a waste... $100 seats and look what this punk does the WHOLE GAME!
My wife's take on the Broncos/Steelers game
Kobe Being Kobe
Growing up, this was the greatest thing ever.
Poor Golden State...
Is anyone else fucking fed up with poker on sports channels?
Sorry, ESPN, but putting 90% of your articles as only accessible to Insiders doesn't make me want to pay to become one, it makes me want to look elsewhere for that news story...
Thunder home crowd
Mike. Trout.
It's the little things the Onion does, that I love
LeBron greeting a teenage fan after the game
Man I love Tim Lincecum
Saw Manti Te'o's girlfriend at the Stars game tonight. 
A reminder to my soccer-loving, Italian boss
Biggest winner of election night? Peyton Manning, who recently bought 21 Papa John's in Denver...where marijuana has been legalized!
The Greatest Letter Ever Printed On NFL Team Letterhead 
Anybody else hate this guy?
Shaq is the rainbow man!
Awwwhh yeah
Chris Bosh Is The Coolest

aaaand this dude's 15 minutes are almost up!
Replacement ref tosses hat in end zone, trips receiver who narrowly avoids injury
Evander Holyfield interviewed by Today Show as just some guy on the street.  
It's official - Manning to Philadelphia!
Best fake punt ever.
Skeptical Third World Child
Too Suhn?
best sign ever
Has the internet corrupted me, or is this just wrong?
Roy Halladay Throws a No Hitter in Game 1 of the NLDS!  After an 11 Year Career, it was his First Postseason Start
San Francisco Giants win the World Series!!!
Lin is talented
As a Lions fan watching the Packers game...
What Bill Russell must have been thinking handing a trophy named after him to LeBron James
The bandwagon is real.
You're on the jumbotron. What do you do?
The problem with beating the yankees
IndyCar driver Dan Wheldon has died in a fiery 15-car wreck in Las Vegas.
My New Favorite Player. 
Shouldn't the Patriots play at the Redskins on Thanksgiving?...
He's also good in Politics.
Good Guy Bolt
Scumbag Skip Bayless 
ESPN, you've gone too far.
Dallas Stars burn Dallas Cowboys
Chris Paul flop
Best news i have heard all year in the sports world
This is Shaq's girlfriend. She's short. He is not.
Jimmy Butler is not impressed.
WOW Bynum you fucking douche
Jack Nicholson may have the world's most hilarious entourage
Tebow: Please stay on the line...
1. Early years, 2. NBA career, 3. Beard.
Seems accurate.
Thanks to this guy, 0-16 feels like forever ago.
Every Sunday, before NFL games start, this is the first battle I enjoy watching...
This is the worst intro in the history of television.
Talk shit... Get sacked 7 times
I don't care if you're a Steelers fan, that shit is funny. (xpost from r/ravens)
USA WINS 3-1!!! TO THE WORLD CUP FINAL!!!!
Andy Reid was mistaken
Thanks to a friendly and talented Redditor, we now have the Stephen A. Smith rage face.
Ain't no Tebowing like a sack Tebow.
Usain Bolt makes a volunteer's day awesome with a simple gesture
What the ESPN offices looked like after Lin hit the game winner (Somewhat NSFW)
Penn State given a four-year postseason ban and a $60 million fine
The awkward moment when you realize your not on Madden 13.....
No pressure, kid.
Every time I turn on ESPN
no matter your stance on the issue, this might be the best, non-staged picture... ever
The Red Sox blow the save to lose, and the Rays hit a walkoff to win. Are you fucking kidding me?
The only downside to the return of the NFL.
Pit Crews Are Incredible
One of the best interceptions I've ever seen.
a funny, for fans of ESPN's First Take...
Manti don't care
The new 'This is Sportscenter' ad
To all the soccer fans hating on other sports fans and the football fans hating on soccer fans, etc...
Manute playing defense in 1984
NBA Fan Of The Year
Now that's fucking teamwork!
Why I hate springtime in Chicago [x-post]
I Think They Would
I've watched NFL football for as long as I can remember, but its boycott time.
This is why I hate ESPN sometimes
Look who I found in my mom's old yearbook. 
Stay Classy, NY Post..
Why we all lose tonight ...
What if Michael Vick were made of barbeque spare ribs? Would you eat him?
John Elways house was egged last week. Police said 2 of the 12 eggs hit the house, they suspect it was Tebow
Till I took a football to the knee...
The worst week of the year.
Tricky goal.
Sports porn (SFW)
Jim Harbaugh off his meds
If the NFL cancelled the Pro Bowl, would anybody care?  I know I wouldn't.  Who's with me?
Brian the beard Wilson talks Philly.
wes welker's wife would like to remind you about ray lewis
I'm a 34-year-old NBA center. I'm black. And I'm gay. Jason Collins is the first openly gay athlete playing in a major American team sport
Pray for Kevin Ware.
Kid trying to sneak beer to his seat at a baseball game
Scumbag Penn State
Ouch, Cubs fans.
Apparently when I was 10, I sent a football card to Aaron Rodgers asking for an autograph. 5 years later, look what came in the mail today...
One of my friends who is a Chicago Bulls fan posted this picture on facebook
God, it's Tebow...
The Broncos are willing to make sacrifices
Why you should be pulling for the Spurs to win the championship.
Mike Tyson and Evander Holyfield using Twitter the right way
My reaction to NBA games being canceled
A 7-year-old's letter to Kyle Williams, kick returner for the San Francisco 49ers.
This is the dumbest thing I've ever seen on sportscenter
DALLAS MAVS 2011 NBA CHAMPIONS!!!
This is flying over Penn State right now...
Coolest thing I've seen on Twitter in quite some time. (originally sfgate.com story)
Kevin Ware up and walking already
Saw the correct response to cynical comments about celebrating sport victories last night.
Fuck you, bitches.
Final goodbye between two legends. 
A cool dunk by itself but as it turns out he painted this himself!
Rage quit. 
This girl is the worst person alive
Are you fucking kidding me, NBC?
